2-862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
the room; saw three men sitting at a table, w: u a ballot-
box in front of thom. One mars wa<? writing. Dr. A. It.
Phillips and Thaddeus Andrew-, my son. were two of the
poisons seated at the table. They were acting as judges
of the election then going on. Mi. Goie handed me a
ticket ax soon as f got into the room. 1 took the ticket,
which was a Jayne ticket, handed it to Dr. Phillip-, the
judge, who put it m the box. immediately alter tins, Mr.
Gore stepped up to Dr. Pbiihps and said he voted thit. ticket
(which he handed to Dr. Phillips) foi another man, who*e
name he mentioned, hut do not rememberit. He observed
that the man was absent trom the Territory, and he would
vote lor him. Dr. Phillips then placed the vote in the box.
"Questions. You have stated that you arrived in tins
Territory on the 2d day of July, 18fU, and you voted.
Why did you vote at this* election, not having been in this
Territory, a.-* required by law, ninety days pievious to said
election ?
"Answer. Governor William Jayne and Mr. Glaze came
to my house eight or ten daysbefoie election, and Governor
Jayne told me that I had a right to vote, and upon his au-
thority 1 did vote.
il Question G. Was Mr. Glaze, of whom tyou -peak, pres-
ent at tho balloting on that night?
 v2/isujcr. To the best of my belief he was.
"Question 7. Wero theie any otiier votes east while you
were pre,sent ?
"Answer. There was not. Dr. Phillips, when [handed,
him my vote, said: 'Tins (Mr. Andrew-V) vote is the last
vote.' And aftwrMr. Goie had voted, ai f before Mated,
the crowd m the room yet remaining disposed, and f again
retired to bed.  
" Question 8. Were j on present at the polls at Brule Creek
on the 1st day oi September, A. D. lb'GJr And it so,state
where the polls weie. field.
"Jinsirei. I was present at the polls on that day. They
weie held at the house of Dr. Phillips.
"Question 9. Did you vote on that day?
"Annrer. I did not.
"Question 10. How longdid you icmam at the poll-?
teJ3n$wer. Not longer than liiteen ot twenty minute*.
My son said there would be sevetnl persons to dinner, and
I returned to my house to acquaint my daughter wuii that
lact.
"Question 11. Who were the judges and oletks of this
election at these polls?
"Answer. I noticed that Dr. Phillips, M. M. Rich, and
my sson Thaddeus weie the judges. I do not know who
acted as clerks.
"Question 1J. Did you not know that the voting on the
night previous to the 1st day ol September, oi which you
have spoken, was illegal and eontnuy to law?
"slnswci. I Mippo-ed it to he illegal, and made an obser-
vation to that etfeet; but Mr. Fiisbie told me that theie wah
no law that would set it aside.
Question 13. Had Mi. Fusbie any niteier^t in (in- elec-
tion ; and if so, what ?
*\'hntn:r lie was n candidate lor ifie llou-e of itepie-
sentntivcs of ihe 'JYiiitonal Legi-uiture
" Question 11. Did Mi. Gia/,e, ol whom you made men-
tion, icside ar lliultf Cheek at the nine ol said election?
"Aiawcr, lit' did not; he resided at Vctmilhou, in the
adjoining countv.'5
And then they shut this box and took it off to
the place appointed by law for holding tho elec-
tion. At nine o'clock in tho morning they opened
the election, ami the votes taken alter that were
put in on top of those token in the night. It was
held without swearing in any of the ofUecis con-
ducting the election, or qualifying them in any
way. In the course of the day about 25 votes
weic taken, making in all the number returned
here of 8 for Todd and 63 for Jayne.
I will not detain the House longer, Mr. Speaker,
than by nuking the Clerk to read the testimony of
one of the judges of election at the J]i uie Creek pre-
cinct, who slates what occuired, and with a bra-
zen face refuses to answer, and then in the same
breath confesses it all without seeming to think
there was anything wrong in if. I ask the Clerk
to lead the testimony of Tluuldeus Andrews.
The Cleik read, <us follows;
<kMy name is Thaddeus Andrews; f icsidc at Brule
Crtif'U, (\>ie count}. Dakota 'JVintory I was pieteut at
the election held ar the Biule Creek precinct on the 1st
day of September, 1 was one ot the judges oi elec-
tion at '-aid pieciiK't.
l'Jnterro°atvry 1. Weie tin: judges, ut election nnxl clerks
sworn at said election ?
(Witness lefu es to an -wer.)
v,'J'he poll- wen' opened at said ejection at (he home of
A. 11. Plulhp>, at lit u!^ ("reek afoie-aid. They were opened
at about nine o'clock in the monuug on ihe 1-t day o! £cp-
t'-mher, Rui. The judges and cleita weie pie-cut at said
(•lection. One ot the judges who w\u appointed bv the
coinnn-sionejs refused to seive, and A K. Phillips numi-
nati d Milton M. Rich, who was clected by the pei*ons
pn'&< nt in the bou-e ; J do not iceollect the numbf r pies-
en t. I thnik theie were about'SO votes east during the da v.
alt'-r the polio weie opened at nine (''clock a. m.~
i- riittnogatory 2. W a-, the ballot-box opened and exam-
ined before the voting eounnenced, after the poll.-? we to
Bpem-d at nine o'clock a. m. on -aid day :
•• (\\ lines- ietu;c< m au.-wer.)
1 - hould J11111 k th-ie wctc ballot-, m the ballot bo\ be-
toie tiie \otiug eomm'need attej the p(,!b win: opened'
th«!e wen- about Unity ballots m the box when ihe polls
Were upom d i ^ai.not tell loi wlmm tin ballots weteca-i
but I sup,rise the-1 they were ca-t im William Jayno tor
Detail- toConsiL^s. The) were ca-t for the south half
of the nostheast ipianer or .section No. 29, township No. 9->
noitb, ios '-ounty seat. The?e ballot- wero put in the ballot"
box by some person ; i am unable to state by whom. The
ballots weie put in between Sunday evening and nine
o'clock Monday morning; I think about three o'clock Mon-
day morning, J think they weie putm at A. R. Phillips's
house, but I am not sure that that was the place. I was
present at the time they were put in; theie were quite
a number aiound while tins was proiug on.
''Tnterrogatoi y 0. Do jott not know that those ballots
weie put m the' ballot-box at the house of Tunothj An-
diew.-?
£* (Witness rcfieses to answer.)
" I cannot state whether the ballots that were in the bal-
lot-box when the voting commenced were all putin by one
man or not. The polk were closed about six o'clock.
After the polls were closed we commenced canvassing the
votes publicly. \\ e counted all the ballot* in the ballot-box.
We found tlmt the uumbci oi ballots in the box did not agree
Willi the number of names on tho polt-hst. There were
mx ballots more in the box than theie were names on the
poll-list. Six ballots weie then picked out from the top of
the ballots in the box, winch weie destroyed; the remain-
der of the ballots we then canvassed, and returned them to
the office ot" the cleik of the boaul of commifsioncis of
Cole county. The name* of per-on-3 voting duungthe day
weie taken down !>} the cleikf- ot the election. There are
names of peisons upon the poil-li-t who did not vote dur-
ing election day. I thnik there aic about thirty names on
the lift who did not vote.
" In'eriooaloi t/ 4. IIow came those names on the poll-
list?
'• {VVitn'^h refuses to au-wer.)
" f>ne of the poll-h-4- wa< returned to the clerk of the
boaid of commissioners Tiie clerks of the election were
Mafilon Gore and William C. Bett> ; the judge& were my-
self, A. K. Piujhp.-, and Milton M. Rich."
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts a question in relation to that
evidence. J'nsk him if that return was not ex-
cluded from the count both l*y the majority and
minority of the committee; and if so, whether it
has anything to do with the decision of this
House, or for what purpose he lnis had it read
here.
Mr. DAWES. The minority report does not
exclude anything.. The minority leport deals in
tteh men lit ies altogether.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I beg: the gentleman's par-
don; the minority report takes tho evidence as its
basis, and excludes all the returns excluded by
the majority, and also Ihe leturns from the St.
Joseph and Pembina precincts.
Mr. DAWES. The minority did not take the j
tioubie to £o through with an analysis ofthc testi- i
nmny, adopting that of the majority in icgaid to i
most of the pi eci nets, and basing their conclusions, :
as 1 sail!, upon technicalities altogether, and t he re
is no impropriety in that; but what 1 desire is
that the House shall undeistand the facts, for I
do not know what positions the parties them-
selves may lake. As 1 was going on to say,
about nine o'clock the polls were opened and
some twenty or thirty votes cast. When the
election had proceeded thus far one of the judges
of election dit ected the clei k to put on to the book
the names of those who voted on Sunday night;
but the clerk, not being a party to the transaction,
lefuscd to put on their names. He left the stand
and another clerk was appointed, who entered
the names on the poll-book.
In order that justice may be done to all parties
1 will ask tile Clerk to read the answer of the sit-
ting Delegate to the notice of the contestants in
reference to the Krulc precinct,
The Clerk tcad, as follows:
"'Mote specifically ausweung as to the.voting at baid
15i u!o (hei k piec liKt. the said Jayne nvei- th.it immedi-
ately pre\ iou-> to *aid election in -.aid Ten amy a panic had
seized a poition ol the ein/,"iiv of the Temtoiy m conse-
quence ol the n poit- that had ju<t arrived of "the temble
Indian ma-.s ..ere.-, ol flio fiontier f-eUiejMn Minnesota ; that
on th" day previous to the election a piociamanon of the
Coveinoi ot the Temtoiy was biought lo said UruleCieek
MMiIement auuouucing the attack of the Indians vipou
[1 Simi\ Falls, the only settlement l> tng between «a>d T'<m!o
j| Cteek and the scene of the Indian lavages m Minne.>ot,x,
'j the muider In them of two ot the citizens of said Kioux
j l\dN raid the flight of the icst, and eallnig upon the people
■ J ol the 'i'eri itory to aim and oiirtfin/.e lor its defense.
■ j u Immcdiateiy upon receiving a copy of.^aul pioolama-
|' linn, and tou a.d night of tiie day preceding tiie election,
1 the eUi/.eh^ ot BnilC Cheek pi.-cmet a^^einbled to oi«ranize
,: a nu!tta;y etjinp.ui) and jjicpare means ol d'-ieur-e, and con-
unncd tlieir -es>jon through the night. As the mglit pro-
i ■ gie--M d tie1 a!ai m of main' mcica-i d, and tin y expr'. scd a
■ ilete! niination to llee to the settlement a< soon as the day
daumd. ^o many expte->j-cd their determination thus to
leave that it w.u- gie.itlyfcared that the  ;ud pn cinct, a new
. ai"l\<:y t'uni-hintr one, would be depmed ot Us, own
1 weight nv tue pending teiiitoiial and couiny < lection, in
winch its fiti..eiis felt a stroim gen«'ta] and local intci.'st:
; and thercupoii. and lot the ptupo--e ot i"c"iv:im the b ;uc-t
I \ ote's nt t!io-e of the Segal electors v\ ho it \vn- tc.in'd would
,] leave, and not tin any Aauilulent piano-e whatevei, the
. judges ot tiie ejection iceieto'oie app.Jin'ed c.ceouhug to
1 law did <1 in saui a-.-< mbi} in a publie maunei to ic-
!! ceivo ait,w volcl. before daj light and beloie tne lawful houi
, toi opening the polls. The whole number of votes >o ea-vt
S iiefoie the piop-^r time loi opeuina the poll5? was not over
i thn ty, and tne persons who ca^t them3 all of whose name >
were afterwards entered upon the poll-book, were all legal
electors of said precinct and Territory.
" This irregularity this respondent regrets and believes
would not have occuired but foi the oau^e above named,
for no settlement in this Tciritorv, or in any other Suite or
Territory, is more oideriy and jaw-abiding than that of
BruleCieek."
Mr. DAWES. It is to be regretted that this
condition of things set forth by the Governor,
who was a candidate for Delegate at the time, and
is now the sitting Delegate, did not frighten any-
body except those who had been in the Territory
less fhan ninety days. The rest seemed to stand
by and vote regularly on election day. The proc-
lamation of the Governor in relation to the Indians
seems to have had no effect upon the legal voters
at all, nor on the illegal ones so but what they
could retire to rest after voting.
I will ask the Clerk to read from the report what
the committee say in relation to the election held
in Bon Homme county.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Bon IIomme County.—The vote of this county was
rejected by the canvasseis, and it is claimed by the con-
testant that there should be counted from this county 2f>
votes tor him, and 13 for the sitting Delegate The < vi-
denee shows (pages 30, o3) that the polls were opened at
nine o'clock m the morning, at the hon-e. of G. M Pinney,
United States mai.shal; Mo&es Hernck, D. C. Gioss, and
Jacob Kiel acted as judges. Siia.s ii. Irit-h was ougtnaily
appointed by the county cohihiimio!h:i.> oi the county, a>
the law ieijuire«, to acta-; one ot the judges. lie was noti-
fied of his appointment by Ilaivey IJaitsou^h, one of the
eomuu^ioners, and accepted the appointment. A If w daj.s
after this same Mr. Ilaitsough, one of the commit-lonen,
came to linn and said to him 4 that he didn't' eaic a damn
whether we (refeiring to the Jayne party) had the majo; uy
oi not; we would swindle them (the Todd patty; out ot it
anyhow.' I replied to Mi. Ilartsough that 'You cannot
carry any election that way. As a Republican, I w.u- dis-
gusted with this practice ofthc Democrats in Kansas, and
that no fraudulent vote should go into that ballot-box uules3
itwalked fust over me.' lie, turned away from me in seem-
ing disgust at my reply. [ heard vety shortly attei that
Mr. Hkinner was appointed in my place on the election
board.'
" Mi. Skinner was not permitted to serve, howevci. On
the moimng ot the < lection he lepatred to the polls, before
• nine o'clock, a*9 the witnesses think, at anj late belorc nuj
voting was commenced, and toundJacob Kiel,the servant
ol this same Flai'vey Ilartsough, and known a  the Dutch
boy in this county, (page <33.) installed in his pi,ice. and
th" United States mait-hal refused to admitSkiunei into the
loom, declining that Jacob Kiel should act <ki judge. The
voting was done tluough a window. One \vitne-> (Slio-
bei) thereupon stationed himselfat the window on the out-
side, and requested the voters to vote open ticket*, while
he took then names,.and those who voted toi Todd did so,
munbeung twenty-hvc in all, whose names he gives, (page
31.) And there weie fourteen other voteis, making thnty-
nine in all. A recess of an hour was taken for dinner, and
during that time Moses lleruck, one of the judges, took
the ballot-box and canied it away with him into a loom m
his own house by himself. The balloting continued in Ihe
afternoon, and at the close ot the polls, when the counting
commenced, which is described by the witness, as follows,
(p.igc.-= 3.^, 30 •)
" ' The judges proceeded to count the ballots, denying ad-
mittance to tne electors at the polls. The judges fiist began
the canvass ot the votes by taking the tickets trom the bal-
lot box and sopaiating the same into two dilTeient pde*-—
the Todd tickets in one pile, and the Jayne tickets in the
other. The Jayne tickets weie distinguishable from the
Todd tukets by th< it* blotted snitace, the ink .-bowing
plainly through the ticket. It became at oncc apparent
thata'naud had been perpetrated by the substitution ol bal-
lots (lining the hour had lordnmci. Theie were at tins
tune about twenty-five persons aiound the poll®, and much
excitement ensued. As soon as I saw tiie excitement I
duna'tided to be admitted, and to have the canva-s made
public, which was at that turn; pereinptoi ily i el used by the
judges, and by Mr. Piuney, who was their spoke-man.
Dnung tin* time Mr. Johnson and myself weie standing at
the window, duectly m Ii out of the judges. Upon this- le-
lu-al ot adniH-io!) lino the mom the, excitcment still in« 
cie-t-ed. The judges thereupon gatheied up the tickets
and thievv them hack into the box. I then again demanded
admission. Alter some hesitation Piuney suggested that
my-'elf and Eduaid OifTord be adinilted ; we entered to-
. gcther, and went up to Moses Ilerrick, one of the judges
of (lection, and a-ked him to pioceed with Ihe canva-s,
winch he refused to do. ^then asked him to show me the
tickets, wbeieupon he handed me thmy of the tiekets to
examine. 1 looked them over m his ptesenee, and found
that f was right in my conclusion-. I tnen a-ked him to
-how mo the other nine of the ticket-., winch le- icfu-ed.
I tound fifteen ticket*, among the nunibei handed me. Un
Jayne. I then laid them down on the table and remaiked
to Mr. Hemck that there w.is prima faeic evidence of
fmud ; that theie had not been li'"tceu vote* ca-t for J i\ ue ,
wheieupon the judge- and cleiks jumped up. undei the
lead ot O. 31. Pinnev.and left the loom.h avmgpoli-ljook-,
ballots, and all p.'puis connected vvth the elccuon I\ i;.g on
tiie table. Gieat excitement pievailed. 'j'he eanva.-.- was
never completed. The ciowd lushed in (page l.VJ) and
took posse -ion of the baliot-bov, poll-book-, and ballots,
and p)oi'eed''d then to hold a new eleciion
'•The coiinnittee werp <,i opmion 'hat the conduct of
all paisie- Oi!iiag''d m this trmsaction wa* d'Sirracelul and
ftaudulent. uiid that no vote.- should be counted tiom that
piecinct.''
Alt. DAWKS. Tiie :ji><ud of canva^'seiupon
the facls as piesented to them at the time, .show-
