1864.
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing that thece was a disturbance at the polls in
Charles Mix county, that a large number of Iowa
soldiers had voted—this county was on the bor-
ders of Iowa—decided that the irregularities were
so great as to render the election invalid, and they
therefore rejected the vote of that county. The
committee, however, upon the evidence submit-
ted to them, thought they were able to sift the
poll and ascertain how many were legal voters
and how many were not. They therefore, in-
stead of rejecting the whole poll, rejected from it
a certain number, eighty-three, I think, who tffcre
Iowa soldiers, and ten half-breed Indians. They
saw no reason why the rest shouldnotbe counted;
they therefore counted that poll 62 votes for Jay ne
and 70 for Todd. The committee also counted
the Pembina vote. It was received a few days
after the time required by law. This vote, ac-
cording to the certificate*, was 19 for Jayne and
125 for Todd. And it was on the question whether
this vote should be received that there was any
material difference of opinion, as I understand,
among the members of the Committee of Elec-
tions. It was the opinion of the majority of the
committee that it should be received and counted,
and of the minority that it should not. The mi-
nority gave their reasons why it should not be
received. They gave them in the views which
they have reported; and I have no doubt that they
will enforce them.
It seems now to be claimed that this vote should
not be received because the return was not in con-
formity to the law, inasmuch as the law requires
the certifying officer to certify to an abstract of
the vote.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I would inquire
of the gentleman from Massachusetts whether
there is any evidence of the votes of that county
having been canvassed accoiding to law.
Mr. DAW^ES. I will read the certificate.
St. Joseph, Dakota Territory,
Office of the Register of Deeds,
September 5, 1862.
At an election held on the 1st day of September, A. i).
1862, in the county of Kittson and Territory of Dakota, being
the seventh council and lepresentative district of said Ter-
ritory, the following persons received the number of votes
annexed to their respective names, to wit:
For Delegate to Congress, J. B. S. Todd had 125 votes.
For Delegate to Congress, William Jayne had 19 votes.
Certified by me, CHARLES MORNEAU,
Clerk of the Board of County Commissioners.
Sworn to before me this 13th day of September, A. D. 1862.
JOHN B. BATTIMAN,
JuUice of ihe Peace.
Dakota Territory, Secretary's Office.
I hereby certify that the foregoing is a true and correct
copy of the original abstract returned to this office and now
on file in my office; and i further ceitify that Charles Mor-
ueau was, at the date of said letums, a register of deeds in
and for the county of Kittson, and also that John Battiman
was at the said date a justice of the peace in and for said
county of Kittson, and that said returns were received.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto subs6iibe<t my
r- _ 1 namej and affixed the great seal of the Territory.
L1" S'J Done at Yankton this 12th day of January, 1863.
JOHN HUTCHINSON,
Secretary.
I was about to say this, that- the objection
which seems to be raised for the first time is that
this certificate does not set forth that this man
took with him two justices of the peace to ex-
amine these votes, and then to make an abstract
ofthem. It does not say that he took two jus-
tices of the peace, but the law presumes that every
officer conforms to the law until the contrary is
shown. The law does not*say that that should
be shown in the certificate; but the law does say
that he shall certify an abstract. I think the ob-
jection was that instead of certifying the whole of
the vote he ought to have certified an abstiact of
the vote. I think that it may be claimed that the
two justices of the peace were present, for every
man* will agree that the law presumes an officer
has discharged his duty until the contrary is
shown. The question is whether the full vote is
as good as an abstract. The committee have
said over and over again, and my learned friends
on this committee have joined in the report, that
a certificate is as good withoutan abstract as with
it. It seems to me that that decision is founded
in good sense. We have the number of votes,
which is the fact sought for. It is as good in one
form as another, so far as the committee is con-
cerned.
I do not propose to go through with a criticism
of the whole of the minority report until it has
been supported by the geatleman who made it.
There was another objection in the report of
the minority to the reception of this vote; and
that was that it was fraudulent. They depend
on the testimony of a witness by the name of
Buckman. The majority of the committee re-
jected the testimony of this man Buckman, as it
nas ascertained that it was taken in this city some
considerable time after the time prescribed by the
law for taking testimony in this case. In the Mis-
souri election case passed on this morning the
House directed the committee to exclude testi-
mony taken in this city after the time had ex-
pired according to the statute for taking testi-
mony. The question was presented to the com-
mittee whether they would reject the testimony
of Captain Constable in the case of Knox vs.
Blair, which the House ordered to be*excluded,
and receive this deposition taken under precisely
the same circumstances. The committee came
to the conclusion that they would treat both dep-
ositions alike. The gentlemen who have signed
the minority report agreed that the deposition of
Captain Constable should be excluded; and for
the same reason the committee think that this
deposition of Mr. Buckman should be excluded.
Excepting this, there was" nothiyg before the
committee that raised any suspicion of the valid-
ity of this certificate, except the suspicion of
two or three years ago, when Pembina was in
Minnesota, that there was a good deal of fraud
there. I always thought there was myself. But
the reason that induced the committee to reject
the testimony of this witness was the same as that
which operated to the exclusion of testimony
taken in precisely the same way in another case,
that of Knox vs. Blair. The result of this elec-
tion is properly stated in the report of the major-
ity of the committee—for Todd, 345 votes; for
Jayne, 246 votes, making a majority of 99 for
Todd. If the deposition of Buckman be received
'and taken to be true, and if the Pembina vote be
rejected, Jayne would have received a majority
of 7 votes according to that calculation of the
committee. I think the case is narrowed down to
the question whether the deposition of Buckman
shall be .received or not. Beyond that is the ques-
tion of credibility, upon which the committee
thought the evidence was against the credibility
of Buckman.
Mr. SCOFIELD obtained the floor.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman from
Maryland will not press that motion. There are a
number of subjects which ought to-be disposed of.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Can the gentleman from
Maryland submit his motion when IJiave the
floor?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Cobb in the
chair.) Does the gentleman from Pennsylvania
yield to the motion ?
Mr. SCOPIELD. I have not yielded.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Maryland is not in
order, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania will
proceed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will say to the gentleman
from Maryland if it is his wish to submit the
motion, and it will not consume much time, I will
yield to him.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Then Isubmitthc
motion.
Mr. MORRILL. I call for the yeasand nays.
The yeas and nays vveie ordeied.
Thequestion was put; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 46, nays C9, not voting 64; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Mes-r-,. James O. Allen, Ancona, Baily, Bliss,
Brooks, liioornall, Ciavoiu-, fleniy Winter Davis, Dawson,
Denton, Eden. Edgctton, Eldndge, (ianson, Gn-avold,
Hale, llardirig, IIairiit ton, Jlolmau, Hotehkt^, William
Johnson. Kalbfleu-ch, Law, Loan, Longyear, Mallory, Mar-
ty, McKinney, „uinii<.*l t\Mill/r, Junior It. Morris, Moni-
son, Leonard Mv<a-. Noble. Odoli, Charier O'Neill, Pendle-
ton, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Sobenck, Starr, StHes,
Ptuait,Thoma*, Webstei, Whale v,Y\'heo)ei, Williams, ami
Wiiifit'ld—4ti
NAYS—Alley. Allison, Amen, Arnold, John I).
Baldwin, Baxter, Clamc, Blair, Boutwell, Boyd. Braiidngoe,
Ambrose W.Ciaifc, Freeman Oiaike,Cobb, Coffroth, Cole,
Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Eekky, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Frank, <Joocli,<?ri«fcer, Hfirriefc, Higby, Hoo-
per, Asahel W. Hubbard, Jolia- lin Hubbard, fngers'oH,
Jonckes, Julian, Keilcy, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Lazear, ie
Blond, Littlejohn, L6ng, Marvin, MeClurg, McDowell,
Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Norton,
Oitb, Patterson, Poihmn, Pike, Price, itos:*, Scolield, Shan-
non, Sloan, Spalding, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Sweat, Upson, Wadsworth, Ehhu B. Wasiiburne,, William
B. Washburn, Joseph W. White, Wilson, Wnuloin, and
Woodbridge—69.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen,; Anderson,
Ashley, Augustus C. Baldwin, Beaman, Blow,-James S.'
Brown, William G. Brown, Ohanler, Clay,Cox, Creswell,
Deming, Driggs, Dumont, English, Fenton, Finck, Gar-
field, Grinnell, Hall, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. Har-
ris, liulburd, Hutchins, Philip Johnson, Kassony Orlando .
Kellogg, Kernan, King, Kuapp,.McAllister, McBride; Mc-
Indoe,MLddleton,Wilham II. Miller,Nelson. John O'Neill,
Perry, Pomeroy, Prnyn, Radford, William ft. Randall, Al-
exander H. Rice, John M. Rice, Rogers,Edward II. lloilins,
James S. Rollins, Scott, Smith,.Smitheis, Stehbins, Ste-
vens, Scrouse, Thayer, Tracy, Van Vaikenburgh, Voor-
hees, Ward, Chilton A. White,. Wilder, Benjamin Wood,
Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—64.
So the motion was not agreed to.
DAKOTA CONTESTED ELECTION AGAIN.
Mr. SCOFIELD resumed the floor.
Mr. BROOM ALL. With the consentofmy col-
league 1 desire to offer a substitute for the first'
resolution, and I will assign a few reasons for it
if he wilt extend me the time. 1 offer the follow-
ing as a substitute: t
Resolved, That the election in the Territory of Dakota
for Delegate was attended with so much illegality ami
fraud that neither William Jayne nor J. B. S. Todd is en-
titled to a seat in this House assueh Delegate,and theseat
of the Delegate from that Territory is declared vacant.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point of order. . It
was decided by the Speaker a few days ago that
from the nature of the case the two must be sep-'
arated—that you could not get at the right of two
persons in the same resolution.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order, as the substitute, if
adopted, disposes of both resolutions.
Mr. BROOMALL. With the permission of
my colleague I will give a few reasons, in short,
why I have offered that amendment. It would
appear from the reports of the minority and ma-
jority that they differ only in the one receiving
and the other rejecting what has been called the
Kittson county vote. The evidence upon that
vote I have before me, and the House will see at
once that while there may be some reason for
rejecting the evidence, yet there is enough in
the'evidence and enough before the House to
show that the people of that Territory should
have another chance to vote upon their Dele-
gate, and should vote the next time, as 1 hope,
with a little more regularity. I will read the
testimony, premising first that if the testimony
is taken as true and as valid, then the minority is
right; if the testimony is rejected, then the ma-
jority is right. It is the testimony of one Joseph
L. Buckman, ad follows:
"Joseph L. Buckman, of lawful age, being duly sworn,
deposes ass tollows:
" Question 1. What is your name, age, and occupation,
am! where have you resided for the pant year?
"JhMwer. My name is Joseph Buckman; age, thirty;
occupation, tiador; and have resided in Pembina, in Da-
kota Territory, during the last three years, with the ex-
ception of six months in 1861.
"Question 2. Were you generally acquainted with the
people composing what is known as the Red Jtiver settle-
ment. at Pembina and St. Joseph, in Kittson county, Da-
kota Territory ? If so, state what opportunities you have
had of forming such acquaintance.
"Answer. Well, I am pretty well acquainted with nearly
all the people living in those places. I am acquainted with
all the people in Pembina, and nearly ull the residents in
ft. Joseph. I have been employed as a trader at Pem-
bina, and also generally throughout that whole region of
oountiy. for nearly three years; and 1 have also been post-
master at Pembina since some time in the month of No-
vember, 1801.
i:Q,tic$iion3. Was there any increase of white male set-
tlers at Pembina or St. Joseph between June, 1861, and the
1st of September, 1862? And if so, state the number of
white male persons who settled at either place during the
tune specified.
'-jZnswcr. There was some increase. The exact amount
of increase at St. Joseph I cannot state. At femlHua-there
was an increase of one, and that was myself. I know per-
sonally ot two men who settled in St. Joseph during the
time specified, and theie may have been others.
"Quest/on '1. Could there have been any considerable
im-roavt; nt St. Joseph during the tune specified in the
former iru<'mvzat<>iy without >our knowledge?
"Jlnswer. No, sir; not very well. There could not liavt;
been ait inert a^e of nioio than /iftemi white male settlor-,.
''Qvalion o. How many white male persons of twenty-
one yeais of ago residing at Pembina wore born within the
limns of the I'uiit d Stales?
"~2uirrc/. Wt-'ll. sjr. besides my elf, I do not believe that
i theie aie moie than one.
