1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESS! ON A L G LOBE.
"259.
Lavjs of the United States.
t.o pay all intervening damages to theleased prop-
erty resultingfrom waate and intervening rent for
the premises; and such appeals shall be tried in
the same manner and further proceedings had
therein according to the practice in appeals in
other cases in said Court.
Sec. 5. And lie it further enacted, That on the
trial of said suit in the supreme court bf the Dis-
trict, if the jury find for complainant, they shall
assess the damages and intervening rent; and in
case of default the same shall be assessed by the
court.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the fees
of the justice issuing the process, and heaving the
issue, and making up the record, and certifying
the same, and the officer for serving the process,
shall be those allowed in civil causes.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent with this act are
hereby repealed.
Approved, July 4, 1864.
Chap. CCXL1V.—An Act to provide for the Su-
pervision, Repairs, Liabilities, and Completion
of the Washington Aqueduct.
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby,ap-
propriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the purpose of con-
structing the dam of solid masonry across the
Maryland branch of the Potomac river, near the
Great Falls, and for constructing the conduit
around the receiving resavoir [reservoir], and for
paying existing liabilities and expenses, engineer-
ing, superintendence, and repairs of said aque-
duct.
Approved, July 4, 1864.
Chap. CCXLV,—An Act to regulate the Ses-
sions of the Circuit and District Courts for.the
Northern District of New York, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That instead of the times now fixed
by law for holding district courts of the United
States for the northern district of New York, the
said court shall hereafter beheld at the following
times and places, that is to say: at the city of
Albany on the third Tuesday of January; at the
city of Utica on the third Tuesday in March; at
the city of Rochester on the second Tuesday in
May; at the city of Buffalo on the third Tuesday
in August; at the city of Auburn on the third
Tuesday in November; and, in the discretion of
the judge of said court, one term annually at
such time and in such place, within the counties
of St Lawrence, Clinton, Jefferson, Oswego, or
Franklin, as the judge of said district shall from
time to time appoint, byanoticeof atleasttwenty
days, to be published "in the State paper of the
State of New York, and also in one newspaper
published at the place where the said court is to
be held, which term shall bo held only for the
trial of issues of fact arising within the said
counties; but nothing herein contained shall pre-
vent the judge of said court from holding special
terms thereof at the places above specified, or at
any other places in said district, in addition to
said regular terms, he shall deem necessary.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That instead
of the times and places now provided bylaw for
holding the terms of the circuit court pf the
United States for the northern district of New
Yoik, the said circuit court shall be held at the
times and places following, tlmt is to say: at the
village of Canandaigua on the third Tuesday ill
June; at the city of Albany on the second Tues-
day in October; and the term of said court ap-
pointed by this act to be held at the city of Al-
bany in October shall, when it is adjourned, be
adjourned to meet ill the city of Albany the third
Tuesday in January, and that the adjournment
of said adjourned term shail be further ad-
journed to meet at the city of Utica on the third
Tuesday in March, and the said adjourned term
shall be held for the transaction of civil business
only; and no jury shall be drawn for service
38th, Cpya.. ..lffl,S|sa.,
therein exclusively, but the jury drawn to serve
in the district court at the same time' and place of
the said adjourned terms of said circuit shall be
used for the trial of issues of fact arising in civil
cause? in said circuit court, and 'the verdicts' of
said jury and all proceedings upon the tril^ of-
said issues shall be as valid and of the sam'e,
effect as if the said jury had been drawn! to serve'
in the said circuit court.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That no pro-
cess issued or proceedings pending in either of
said courts shall be avoided or impaired by the
change of time and place of holding such court;
but all process, bail bonds, and recognizances
returnable at the next term of cither of said
courts, shall be returnable and returned to the
said court next held according to this act, in the
same .manner as if so made returnable on the
face thereof, and shall have full effect accord-
ingly; and all continuances may be made to
conform to the provisions of this act.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That in plate
and in lieu .of the salary now paid to the judge of
the district court of the United States for the
northern district of New York, there shall be
allowed and paid quarterly to said judge, out of
the Treasury of the United States, the sum of
three thousand five hundred dollars per year.
Approved, July 4, 1864.
Chap. CCXLVI.—An Act to encourage Immi-
gration.
Be it 'enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Americain Congress
assembled. That the Presidentofthe United States
is hereby authorized, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint a Commissioner
of Immigration, who shall be subje'et to the di-
rection of the Department of Stat.e, shall hold
his office for four years, and shall receive a sal-
ary at the rate of two thousand five hundred
dollars a year. The said Commissioner may
employ not more than thiee clerks, of such grade
as the Secretary of State shall designate, to be
appointed by him, with the approval of the Sec-
retary of State, and to hold theii^ offices at his
pleasure.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thatall con-
tracts that shall be made by emigrants to the
United States in foreign countries, m conformity
to regulations that may be established by the said
Commissioner, whereby emigrants shall pledge
the wages of their labor for a term not exceeding
twelve months, to repay the expenses of th'eir
emigration, shall be held to be valid in law, and
may be enforced in the courts of the United
States, or of the several States and Territories;
and such advances', if so "stlpal&tetf in tha con-
tract, and the contract be recorded in the recorif-
er's office in the county where the emigrant shall
settle, shall operate as a lien upon any land there-
after acquired by the emigrant, whether under
the homestead law when the title is consum-
mated, or on property otherwise acquired until
liquidated by the emigrant; but nothing herein
contained shall be deemed to authorize any con-
tract contravening the Constitution of the United
States, or creating in any way the relation of
slavery or servitude.
Sec. 3. Andbe it farther enacted, That no em-
igrant to the United States who shall arrive after
the passage of this act shall be compulsively en-
rolled for military service during the existing in-
surrection, unless such emigrant shall voluntarily
renounce under oath hia allegiance to the coun-
try of hia birth, and declare his intention to be-
come a citizen of the United States,
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be esiabiished in the city of New York an
office to be known as the United States Emigrant
Office; and there shall be appointed, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, an officer
for said city, to be known as superintendent of
immigration, at ah annual salary of two thou-
sand dollais; and the said superintendent may
employ a clerk of the first class; and such su-
perintendent shall, under the direction of the
Commissioner of Immigration, make contracts
with the different railroads and transportation
companies of the United States for transporta-
tion tickets, to be furnished to such immigrants,
and to be paid for by them, and shall, under such '
rules as maybe prescribed by theCommissioner
of Immigration, protectsuch immig'rams from im-
position and fraud, and shall furnisli them such
information and facilities as will enabie them to
proceed in the chea'pest und most expeditious
manner to tiie place of their deitiriatib^i." Aftd
such Superintendent of immigration sh'all* f>e'r-
form.suchbther duties as may be prescribed by
theCommisSionerofImmigration: Provided, That
the duties hereby impose'dupon the superintend-
ent in the cSty of .'New York shall not be held "to
affect the powers and duties of the Commissiftner
of Immigration"*f the Slate of New York; and
it shall be the duty of" said'superintendent iti the
city" of New York to see' that "the provisions of
the act commonly known as the passenger act etrg
strictly complied with, and all breaches" thereof
punished according to "law.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That no per-
son shall be qualified to fill any office under this
act who shall be directly or indirectly interested
in any corporation having lands for sale* to im-
migrants, or in the carrying or transportation of
immigrants, either from foreign countries to the
United Statesarid its Territories", or to any, part
thereof, or who shall receive any fee or reward,
or the promise thereof, for:\ny service performed,
or any benefit rendered, to any person or persons
in the line of his duty under this act. And if
any officer provided for by this act shall receive
from any person or company any ft?e or reward,
or promise thereof, for any services performed
or any benefit rendered to any person or persons
in the line of his duty under this act, he shall,
upon conviction, be fined one thousand dollars,
or be imprisoned, not to exceed three years, at
ihe discretion of a court of competent jurisdic-
tion, and forever after be ineligible to hold any
office of honor, trust, or p'rdfit' in' the' United
States.
Sec. J. And be it further enacted, That said
Commissioner of Immigration shall, at the com-
mencement of each annual meeting of Congress,
submit a detailed report of the foreign immigra-
tion during the preceding year, and a detailed
account of all. expenditures under this act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
sum of twenty-five thousand dollafs.or so much
thereof as may be necessary, in the judgment of
the President, is hereby appropriated, outof any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for the purpose of carrying the provisions
of this apt into effect.
Approved, July 4, 1864.
Chap. CCXLVII.—An Actsupplementary toan
Act entitled " An Act to grant Pensions," ap-
proved July fourteenth., eighteen hundred and
Bfxiy-tw<r.- - . '
Be it enacted by the Senate mid House'"of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amer^ain Congress
aisembled, That the biennial examinations of pen-
sioners required by an act approved March three,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, may be friade by
one surgeon only, provided he is a surgeon of the
Army or Navy, or an examining surgeon duly
appointed by the Commissioner of Pension's; nor
shall the biennial certificate of two unappointed
civil surgeons be accepted in any case, except
upon satisfactory evidence that an examination
by a commissioned or duly appointed surgeon is
impracticable.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all fees
paid to examining surgeons for biennial examin-
ations, or for examinations specially ordered,as
provided by the eighth section of the act to grant
pensions, approved July fourteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, shall be refunded by the agent
for paying pensions in the district within which
the pensioner or claimant resides, out of any
money appropriated for the payment of pensions,
under such regulations as the Commissipner of
Pensions may'prescribe.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That declara-
tions of pension claimants shall be made before
a court of record, or before'some officer thereof
having custody of its seal, said officer being
hereby fully authorized and empowered to ad-
minister and certify any oath or affirmation re-
lating to any pension or application therefor: Pro-
