1888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27.
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (No.237) granting lands to the State of
Michigan for the construction of -certain wagon
roads for military and postal purposes;
A bill (No. 431) for the relief of Solomon
Wadsworth;
A bill (No. 247) granting lands to the State of
Wisconsin to build a military road to Lake Supe-
rior; and^.
A bill (No. 159) for a grant of lands to the State
of Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad in said State.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary 'announced
tliatthe President had approved and signed on the
26th instant the following acts:
An act (S. No. 130) for a charter of Masonic
Hall Association in Washington city, District of
Columbia; and
Ari act (S. No.249) to authorize the issuing of
a register to the steam vessel John Martin.
EltADDS IN TUB NAMES OP VESSELS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of talcing up the bill
(H- II. No. 360) for the prevention and punish-
ment of frauds in relation to the names of vessels.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole,proceeded to consider the
bill. It provides that every steamboat of the United
States shall, in addition to having her name painted
on her stern, as now required by law, also have
the same conspicuously placed in distinct, plain
letters, of not less tharv six inches in length, on
each outer side of the pilot-house, and (in case the
boat has side wheels) also on the outer side'of each
wheel-house; and if any such steamboat shall be
found without having her name placed as herein
required, she is to be subject to the same penalty
and forfeiture as is now provided by law in the
case of a vessel of the United States found with-
out having her name and the name of the port to
which she belongs painted on her stern, as re-
quired bylaw. No master, owner, or agent of
any vessel of the United States, shall in any way
change the name of such vessel, or by any device,
advertisement, or contrivance deceive, or attempt
to deceive, the public, or any officer or agent of
the United States Government, or of any State, or
any corporation or agent thereof, or any person
or persons, as to the true name of such vessel, on
pain of the forfeiture of such vessel; but this act
is not to take effect until the expiration of sixty
days from and after its passage.
Mr. GRIMES. As I understand the reading
of the bill, it provides that all steamboats shall
have their names painted on the outer side of the
pilot-house. But there are a great many vessels
that have no pilot-houses. 1 suppose not one half,
hardly any, of the sea-going steamers have pilot-
houses.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then the bill requires that
the name shall be painted on the side of the ship.
Mr. GRIMES. The bill requires that the name
shall be painted on the side of the pilot-house and
also on the side of the wheel-house, in case the
boat has side wheels.
Mr.CQLLAMER, Thenamecannotbepainted
there if they have not any pilot-house.
Mr. GRIMES. Of course not.
Mr. CHANDLER. I willpropose as an amend-
ment to insert the words " or otherwise conspicu-
ously painted on the side of the ship." The ob-
ject is to prevent frauds. The law now requires
that the name shall be painted on the stern of the
vessel, but they frequently put a different name
on the wheel-house, and whenever an attempt is
made to punish that kind of fraud, ihey point to
the name in small letters on the stern, thus bring-
ing it within the law. 1 propose as an amend-
ment to insert the words " or otherwise conspicu-
ously painted on the side of the ship."
Mr. GRIMES. "Or on the sides of the pilot-
house, if they have such."
Mr. CHANDLER. " Or otherwise conspicu-
ously painted upon the side of the ship."
Mr. GRIMES. You have that in the bill now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Dues the Sena-
tor from Michigan modify hisarnendmentassug-
gested by the Senator from Iowa?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is to insert after the words " pilot-house," in
line seven of the first section, the words " if ithas
such."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate asamended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the
bill to be read a third time. Tiie bill was read
the third time, and passed.
COLLISIONS ON WATEIt.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
House bill No. 62, likewise reported from the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 62) fixing certain rules and regulations
for preventing collisions on the water was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ADMEASUREMENT OF TONNAGE.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the bill (H.
R. No. 119) to regulate the admeasurement of
tonnage of ships and vessels of the United States
was considered as in Committee of the Whole
The Committee on Commerce reported the bill
with two amendments. The first amendment of
the committee was in section one, line five, after
the word "sixty" to strike out the word "six"
and insert "five;" so that it will read:
That every ship or vessel built wjlhin tile United States,
or that may he owiu'd by a citizen or citizens thereof, on
or alter the 1st day pf January, I860, MuiM be measured
and registered in the manner hereinafter provided, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert at the end of-the first section of the bill the
following proviso:
Piorulcd, That any ship or vessel built within the Uni-
ted States alter tiie passage of tins act may he measured
and registered in the maimer herein provided.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments were concurred in and or-
dered to be engrossed. The bill was ordered to
a third reading; and it was read the third time,
and passed.
COLLECTION OF HOSPITAL DUBS,
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
the bill (H. R. No. 367) to provide for the col-
lection of hospital dues from vessels of the Uni-
ted States sold or transferred in foreign ports or
waters.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. In case of the sale or transfer of
any vessel of the United States, in a foreign poi t
or water, the bill requires the consul, vice consul,
commercial agent, or vice commercial agent of the
United States within whose consulate or district
such sale or transfer shall have been made, or in
whose hands the papers of such vessel shall be,
to collect of the master or agent of such vessel
all moneys that shall have become due to the Uni-
ted States under and by viitue of the act entitled
"An act for the relief of sick and disabled sea-
men,'* approved July 16, 1798, and shall remain
unpaid at the time of such sale or transfer; and
the consul, vice consul, commercial agent, or vice
commercial agent, (as the case may be,) is also
instructed and required to retain possession of
the papers of such vessel until such moneys shall
have been paid; and in defaultof which such sale
or transfer shall be void, excepting as against the
vender; but this act is not to take effect until the
expiration of sixty days from and after its pas-
Thtj bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a thud reading, read the
third time, and passed.
IIKNRY A. BKIGIIAM.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the Senate to take up
with a view to action Senate bill No. 212.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
212) for the relief of Henry A. Bugham was read
the second lime, and considertd as inCnmmittee
of the Whole. it is to direct the Secsctary of the
Treasury to pay to Henry A. Bnghmn the sum
of $2,000, being tiie amount of Ins check duiwn
m favor of the Assistant Treasurer of the United
States at New York, on the 7th of November,
A. D. 1862.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 should like to have the
report read which explains the case.
The Secretary read the report made by the
Committee on Claims, from which it appears that
the petitioner, Mr. Bi'igham, holds the office of
military storekeeper and paymaster in the ord-
nance department of the Army of the United
States, on duty at the Watervliet arsenal, New
York, and had his disbursing account with the
Assistant Treasurer of the United States in the
( city of New York, and paid the employes at the
I arsenal monthly in funds drawn from the Assist-
j ant Treasurer. To enable him to make his
! monthly payment of October, 1862, on the 7th of
| Novemberof thatyearhe presented to the cashier
of the Assistant Treasurer in New York city a
written statement of the amount and denomina-
tion of'Treasury notes and postage currency re-
quired, amounting in all to the sum of §36,300 in
notes of denominations of from one to fifty dol-
lars, and $500 in postage currency. On the fol-
lowing day, during business hours, he called for
the money at the counter where he had been ac-
customed to receive his money. He shortly
gained the attention of the cashier, passed him
his check for the sum required, whereupon the
cashier brought a tray from the desk of the pay
department to a convenient opening m the coun-
ter, the contents of which had been made up in
maiked packages by one of the paying tellers,
for the purpose of making payment, the parties
standing upon opposite sides of the counter.
The money had b^i arranged in packages,
notes of fifty "dollars in two packages of $3,000
and $5,000, making $8,000 in one bundle, around
which was a strap with itaamount marked there-
on. Notes of twenty dollars, in six equal pack-
ages of $2,000—all contained in one general bun-
dle, and marked and strapped asabove, and so on
for the lest. The cashier proceeded to take these
packages or bundles from the tray, " calling off"
the amount marked on the strapsas each parcel was
passed to the side of the tray m the counter, each
amount so " called off" being set down by the
paymaster, when the whole amount so stated was
found to be $36,300. Both parties still maintain-
ing their positions, the paymaster proceeded to
"satisfy himself" of the correctness of the count,
commencing with the package of notes of the
largest denomination, being that of$8,000. Upon
examination of the bundle marked $12,000, in
packages of $2,000 each, there were in fact but
five packages, making §10,000. Search was made
by the cashier for the missing package of §2,000
at the desk of the pay department and on the floor
at the counter where the parties stood, but with-
out success. The parties had observed, while
the cashier was passing the packages from the
tray, and the paymaster was setting down the
figures, a man—a stranger—standing near the
paymaster, with his hand upon the postage cur-
rency, and who immediately retiied. It was as-
sumed by the cashier that the delivery of the
money was complete when he had "called off"
the amount of the several packages or bundles,
and passed them from the tray to the counter;
that the missing $2,000 had been stolen by the
stranger; and that, having been so delivered arid
stolen, it was the loss of the paymaster, who was
accordingly lequired to draw an additionalcheck
for $2,000, in order to obtain the amount required
for his monthly payment. It is not doubted that
the paymaster diew his check in favor of the As-
sistant Treasurer of the United States for thesum
of$2,000more than he actually leceived, and that
he lias been the loser to that amount.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that this is go-
ing to establish a veiy important precedent, es-
pecially in-view of the fact that we are about to
pass a bill establishing a unifoi in system of hank-
ing, under winch, if 1 undi rstand it coi rectiy, each
of the banks is to become a public depository
and to have its officers, who are not officers of
the United States, but the individual officers of
each corpoiation pay out public moneys on the
drafts of our disbuismg officeis. Now, if we are
going to establish the 1 uie tiiat one of oui officials
going there may suflei himself to be deluded into
giving a cinck when he ought not to give it, as
it is alleged this paymaster did, or if we are go-
iilg to make up any deficiency that may arise in
consequence of a miscount of the teller  
