2G0
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 4,
3&eh Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
videdj £|iat. the Cohimissioner of Pensions may.
de^igmte* m iocaiities more than twenty-five
mUes distant fi^iii'an^ piace at which such a court"
is ^hoitjepj persons ^4u\y qualified to administer
oaths, before"j^ho.m declarations'&ay be made
and-testirqoiny.taT?eri.
Sec., 4>,*#?utS eit further, enacted, Transection",
twelve, of theact grant penslon^approyed J uly'
fourteen,- eighteen hundred and sixty-two,'is
hereby repealed. t And^hVCommissionerofPen-.
sions.is autboviz;ecl and eq p9wered to "detail, from"'
timCjto tim^jcierks in Jhis- office to investigate"
suspected .attempt^ .at fraud on $he Government
througji.thp r,ensiou Office, and to p.id in prose-
cuting any persons so offending, with such addi-
tional compensation as is customary in cases of
special, service,
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That all per-
sons now by law emitted to a less pension than'
hereafter specified, who shall have lost both feet
in the .military, service of the United States and*
in th&line^of duty, shall be entitled to a pension
of twenty dollars per month; and those who
under the same condition's have lost both hands or
both eyes shajj be entitled to a pension of twenty-
five dollais, per month.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That "no pen-
sion claim how on file, unless prosecuted to a
successful issue within three years from the pas-
sage of this act, and no claim hereafter filed, not
thus prosecuted to a successful issue within five
years from the date of such filing, shall be admit-
ted without satisfactory record evidence from the
War Department to"establish the same; and in
every ease in which a claim for pension shall
have been filed for more than three years after the
discharge or decease of the party oh whose ac-
count the claim is made, the pension, if allowed,
shall commence from the date of filing the last
paper iu said case by the party prosecuting the
same.
< Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That on the
remarriage of any widow receiving a pension,
such pension shall terminate, and shall not be
renewed should she again become a widow.
Sec. 8. Andbeil further enacted, That exam-
ining surgeons, duly appointed by the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, may be required by him from
time to time, as he shall deem for the interests of
the Government, to make special examination'sof
pensioners on the rolls oCthpir respective districts,
and.such examinations shall have precedence
over previous examinations, whether special or
biennial; but when injustice is alleged to have
been done by any examination so ordered, the
Commissioner of Pension's may, at his discietion,
select a board of three duly appointed examining
surgeons, who shall meet at a place to be desig-
nated by him,and shall review such cases as may
be ordered before them on appeal from any special
examination as aforesaid, and the decision of such
board shall be final on the question so submitted
thereto. Thd compensation of all such surgeons
shall not exceed that which has been customarily
allowed in such cases, and shall be paid out of
any appropriations made for the payment of pen-
sions, in the same manner as the ordinary fees
of appointed surgeons are or may be authorized
to be paid.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That those
persons, not enlisted soldiers in the Army, who
volunteered for the time being to serve with any
regularly organized military or naval force of the
United States, or where persons otherwise vol-
unteered and rendered service in any engagement
with rebels or Indians since the fourth day of
March, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, shall, if
they have beendisabledin consequence of wounds
received in battle in such temporary service, be
entitled to the same benefits of the pension laws
as those who have been regularly mustered into
the United States service; and the widows or
• other dependents of any such persons as may
have been killed in the temporary service afore-
said shall be entitled to pensions in the same
manner as they would have been had such per-
sons been regularly mustered: Provided, That no
claim under this section shall Be valid unless pre-
sented and prosecuted to a successful issue within
three years from arnd after the passage of this act.
Ail such claims shall be adjudicated under such
special rules and regulationsas the Commissioner
of Pensions may prescribe most effectually to
guard against fraud.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That if any
pefson entitled to an invalid, pension Under the'
provisions of the act granting? pensions, approved
July fourteen, eighteen hundred and six'ty-ttfo,
has died or shall hereafter die while an applica-
tion for such pension is pending, and having a
widow or dependent relative entitled to receive a
pension by reason of his service and death, as
provided in said act, then the pension to such
widow or other person shall'commence from the
date at which the decedent's invalid pension
would have commenced had he survived, sub-
ject to the conditions of this act and the a&t to
which this is amendatory.
Sec. 11. And, be it further enacted, That all en-
listed soldiers in the Army who shall have be-
come disabled in the service, whether they shall
have been regularly mustered in or not, shall be
entitled to the same benefits of the pension laws
as those who have been regularly mustered into
the United States service; and the widows or
other dependents entitled to pensions by law, as
prescribed by the act of July fourteen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, of any'such soldier who
may have been killed, or shall have died, or shall
hereafter die, by reason of any wound received
or disease contracted while in said service and in
the line of duty, shall beentitled to thesame pen-
sion as though such soldier had been regularly
mustered into the service.
Sec. 12. Andbeit further enacted, ThaUhe fees
of agents and attorneys for making out and caus-
ing to be executed the papers necessary to estab-
lish a claim for a pension, bounty, and other al-
lowance before the Pension Office, under thisrict,
shall not exceed the following rates: For making
out and causing to be duly executed a declaration
by the applicant, with the necessary affidavits,
and forwarding the same to the Pension Office,
with the requisite correspondence, ten dollaYs;
which sum shall be received by such ftgent or at-
torney in full for all services in obtaining such
pension, and shall not be demanded or received
in whole or in part until such pension shall be
obtained; and the sixth and seventh sections of
an act entitled "An act to grant pensions," ap-
proved July fourteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, are hereby repealed.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That any
agent or attorney who shall, directly or indirectly,
demand or receive any greater compensation for
his services under this act than is prescribed in
the preceding section of this act, or who shall
contract or agree to prosecute any claim for a
pension, bounty, or other allowance, under this
act, on the condition that lie shall ireeeive a per
centum upon any portion of the amount of such
claim, or who shall wrongfully withhold from a
pensioner or other claimant the whole or any part
of the pension or elaim allowed and due to such
pensioner or claimant, shall be deemed guilty of
a high misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof
shall, for every such offense, be fined not exceed-
ing three hundred dollars, or imprisoned at hard
labor not exceeding two years, or both, accord-
ing to the circumstances and aggravations of the
offense.
Sec. 14. Andbe it fu/rther enacted, That the wid-
ows and children of colored soldiers who have
been, or who may be hereafter, killed, or who
have died or may hereafter die of wounds received
in battle, or who have died or may hereafter die
of disease contracted in the military service of the
United States, and in the line of duty, shall be
entitled to receive the pensions now provided by
law, without other proof of marriage than that
the parties had habitually recognized each other
as man and wife, and lived together as Such for
a definite period, next preceding the soldier's
enlistment, not less than two years, to be shown by
theaffidavits ofcredible witnesses: Provided, how-
ever, That such widow and children are free per-
sons: Providedfurther,Thatif such parties resided
in any Slate in which their marriage may have
been legally solemnized the usual evidence shall
be required.
Sec. 15. Arid be it further enacted. That all acts
and £arts of acts inconsistent with the provisions
of this act are Hereby repealed.
Approved; July 4, 2864.
Chap. CCXLVril.—An Act for the Relief of
Seamen and others borne on the Books of Ves-
sels Wrecked or lost in the Naval Service.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericaifi Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Navy,
in settling the accounts of seamen, and others, not
officers, borne on the books of any vessel m the
Navy, which shall have been wrecked, or which
shall have been unheard from so long that her
wreck may be presumed, or which shall have been
destroyed or lost, with the rolls and papers neces-
sary to a regular and exact settlement of such ac-
counts, to fix a day when such wreck, destruction,
or loss shall-'be deemed and taken to have occurred.
Sec.2. Andbe it further enacted, Thatthe proper
accounting officers of the Treasury be, and they
are hereby,authorized,in settling the accountsof
the petty officers,seamen,and others, not officers,
on board of any vessel in the employ of the Uni-
ted States, which by any casualty, or in action
with the enemy, has been or may be sunk or
otherwise destroyed, together with the rolls and
papers necessary to the exact ascertainment of
theseveral accounts of the same at the date of such
loss, to assume the last quarterly return of the
paymaster of any such vessel as the basis for the
computation of the subsequent credits to those on
board, to the date of such loss, if there be no offi-
cial evidence to the contrary. Where such quar-
terly return has, from any cause, not been made,
the said accounting.officers are hereby authorized
to adjust and settle said accounts on principles of
equity and justice; and to allow and pay to each
person, not an officer, employed on a vessel so
sunk or otherwise destroyed, and whose personal
effects have been lost, a sum not exceeding sixty
dollars as compensation' for loss of his personal
effects.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in case
of the death of such petty officer, seaman, or other
person j not an officer, such payment shall be made
to the widow, child or children, father, mother,
brotheis and sisters, (jointly,) in that order of
preference, under such rules as the Second'Corhp-
troller of the Treasury may prescribe; such cred-
its and gratuity to be paid out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, July 4, 1864.
Chap.CCXLIX,—An Actfurtherto regulate the
Carriage of Pussengers in Steamships and other
Vessels'.
Be it enacted hy the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the term " contiguous territory,"
in the first section of the act entitled "An act to
regulate the carnage of passengers in steamships
and other vessels," approved'March three,-eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, shall not be held to
extend to any port or place connecting with any
interoceanic route through Mexico.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of the eleventh section of said act be, and
the same are hereby, extended to all vessels whose
passengers, or any part of them, are or shall be
bound from or to any of the ports or places therein
mentioned, by way of any overland route or
routes through Mexico or Central America.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted, That hereafter
there shall be delivered to masters or owners of
vessels three copies of the inspectors'certificates
directed to be given them by collectors or other
chief officers of the customs, by the twenty-fifth
section of the act entitled "An act to amend an
act entitled 4 An act to provide for the better secu-
rity of the lives of passengers on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam,' and for
other purposes," approved August thirty, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-two, one of which copies
shall be placed,and atall times kept, by said mas-
ters or owners, in some conspicuous place in the
vessel, where it will be most likely to be discov-
ered by steerage passengers, and the others as
now provided by law; and the penalty for neg-
lecting or refusing to place and keep up such ad-
ditional copy shall be the same as is provided by
the said twenty-fifth section in the other cases
therein mentioned.
