1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE. CONGRESSIONAL GrLOJBE.
mi
Laws of the United States.
38th -Cong. .. '.1st Sess.
Sec. 4, Jlnd be it further enacted, That the list
of passengers required to be kept by section thirty-
five of the said actof August thirty, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, shall also be open to the in-
spection of any'passenger during'ali reasonable
hours'; and that after any clearance is granted,'but
before the vessel shall be allowed to depart, the
master or other person in charge of such vessel,
carrying passengers, shall file with the collector1,
or other officer of thecustoms granting the clear-
ance, a list, yerified by the oatli of the master, or
other agent, or owner of the vessel, of all passen-
gers received, or to be redeiv^d, on'ttie vessel go
cleared', for conveyance during the proposed voy-
age, designating cabin and and steerage passen-
gers distinctly; and on the receipt by such cus-
toms officer on the full list so verified, adeparture
permit shall be given, without which no vessel
conveying passengers shall go to sea; and such de-
parture permit shall be shown t,o the pilot of each
vessel before he shall have authority to take the
vessel to sea; and any pilot who snail, without
such authority beingshown to him, pilot a vessel
to sea, shall be'subject to a fine of one hundred
dollars, and a revocation of his license.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the mas-
ter or commander of any vessel carrying passen-
gers from any port or ports in the United States
to any port or place in Mexico or Central Amer-
ica shall, immediately on arriving at such last-
mentioned port or place, deliver to the United
States consul, vice consul, or commercial agent
at such port two copies of the list of passengers
required to be kept oh such vessel by said section
thirty-five of the actof August thirty, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, embracing all the passen-
gers on board the vessel at any time during its
voyage up to its said arrival, and duly verified by
the oath of such master or commander, and by
the inspection of the consul, vice consul, or com-
mercial agent, previous to or at the landing of the
passengers; one of which copies the said consul,
vice consul, or commercial agent shall file in his
office, and the other of which he shall transmit,
without delay, to the collector of the port in the
United States from which the vessel last cleared.
And if such master or commander shall refuse or
neglect to comply with the requirements of this
section, orshail knowingly make a false return of
the list of passengers, lie, together with the owner
or owners of said vessel, shall be subject to a fine
of not less than ten thousand dollars, and such
fine shall be a lien upon the vessel until paid.
Sec. G. Jini be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of section twelve of the act entitled "An
act to provide for the better security of the lives
of passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam," approved July sev-
enth, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, be, and
the same are hereby, extended to tlie owner or
ow ners of any steamboat or other vessel propelled
in whole or in part by steam, and to ail public offi-
cers, by, or in consequence of, whose fraud, con-
nivance, misconduct, or violation of law, the life
or lives of any person or persons on board such
steamboat or vessel may be destroyed.
Sf.c. 7. And he it further enacted, That if the
owner or owners, master, commander, or other
person in charge of any steamboat or other ves-
sel, shall willfully present, or cause to be pre-
sented, any false or fraudulent list or list of its
passengers, or copies thereof, to any consul, vice
consul, commercial agent, collector, or other cus-
tom-house officer, orofthedeparture permit to any
pilot, he or they shall be held guilty of misde-
meanor, and on conviction thereof shall be im-
prisoned for a term not exceeding two years; and
the vessel shall be liable to seizure and forfeiture
Sec. 8. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury shall cause to be pre-
pared a synopsis of such of the laws relating to
the carriage of passengers, and then-safety on
vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
as he shall think expedient, and have the same
printed in convenient form to be framed under
glass, and give to any such vessel two copies,
5n application of its owners or master, who shall,
without unnecessary delay, have the same framed
under glass, and place and keep them m conspic-
uous places in such vessel, m the same manner
as is provided by law m regard to certificates of
inspectors; and no clearance shall ot it.&ucu
such vessel until the collector or other chief [offi-
cer] of the customs shall'be satisfied thatthe pro-
visions of this section shall have been complied
with by such owner'or master; and in.case guch
owners or master shalfjaeglect or refuse, to'co'm-
ply with provisions of this seption, he o'r they
shall fur'therm'ore forfeit'and" pay for each offense
one hundred dollars, arid'sucH fine'shall be'a.lfeft
upon the vessel'^ntil paid. ' '
Sec. 9. And'be it furiiwY cnacled, That inform-
ers shall be entitled to nn'p Half any.,penalty or
fine collected under this'act', or the' said actjjf
March ^(liird,,eighteen "fiundFed' 'fifiil fifty-five,
upon' thfeir information." " r "" '
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all
steamers and other vessels belonging to a citizen
or to citizens of the United States, and bound from
any port in the United States to any other port
therein, or to any foreign port, or from any for-
eign port to any port in the United States, shall,
before clearance, receive on board all such bul-
lion, coin, United States notes and bonds and
other securities as the Government of the United
States or any department thereof, or any'minis-
ter, consul, vice consul, or commercial or other
agent of the United States abroad shall offer, and
shall securely convey and promptly deliver the
same to the proper authorities or consignees on ar-
riving at the port of destination, and shall receive
for such service such reasonable compensation
as may be allowed to other'carriers in the ordi-
nary transactions of business.
Approved, July 4, 18C4.
Ciiap. CCL.—An Act to pay, in part, for pub-
lishing the Debates of Congress, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Senate and
the Clerk of the House of Representatives be,
and they are hereby, directed to purchase from
the publishers of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix, for each Senator, Representative, and
Delegate in the presentand each succeeding Con-
gress, who has not heretofore received the same,
one complete set of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further cnacted, That there
shall be paid to the publishers of the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix, by the Secretary of
the Senate and the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives, out of the contingent funds of the
two Houses, according to the number of copies
of the Congressional Globe and Appendix taken
by each, one cent for every five pages exceeding
three thousand pages for a long session, or fifteen
hundred pages for-tt short (session, including the
indexes and the laws of the United Statesfor this
and each future Congress.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sum
of ninety-eight thousand five hundred and forty-
four dollars be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the purposes herein
named for the present Congress; and that thirty
thousand four hundred and twenty-four dollars
of the same be disbursed by the Secretary of the
Senate, and the remainder by the Clerk of the
House of Representatives.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent herewith be, and
the same are hereby, repealed: Provided,hoioever,
That the above provisions are made upon the ex-
press condition that they may be abrogated by
either Congress or the publishers of the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix at any lime after giving
two years' notice tor that purpose.
Approved, July 4, 1864.
Chap. CCLI.—An Act making an Appropria-
tion for testing Submarine Inventions.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the sum of twenty-five thousand
dollars is hereby appropriated for the purpose ot
testing submarine batteriesand other inventions,
to be applied under the direction of the Secretary
of the Navy to experiment upon such devices
for submarine operations as may be recommended
as worthy of practical test by a- commission of
'competent nay^tffljee'rean# scientific men, no,w
or hereafter to. Be 'organized for their examina-
tion. ' .....
Approved, lujy'4, I$64., '!
Ghap. "CCLII.—An Act to authorize the Secre-
tary bf the-Navy to provide for theEducation
. of Naval Constructors, and Steam Ehgineers,
" and for other purposes; : .
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
oste ii&7e'd;','Tba"t the Secretary of the Navy-be,
and he is hereby,authorized to provide, by reg-
ulations to be issued by him, for the education
of such midshipmen or others at the Naval Acad-
emy as show a peculiar aptitude therefor as na-
val constructors, or civil and steam engineers,
and may form a separate class for this purpose,
to be styled cadet engineers or otherwise afford
to such persons all proper facilities for such a
scientific mechanical education as will fit them
for such professions.
Sec . 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That upon the
recommendation of the academic board, siich per-
sons connected with the scientific and mechanical
class as graduate therein with credit; may be im-
mediately appointed as assistant naval construct-
ors or warranted as engineers.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That cadet
engineers, not to exceed fifty in number,shall be
appointed by the Secretary of the Navy: Pro-
vided, That no person, other than midshipmen,
shall be eligible for such appointment who shall
not produce satisfactory evidence of mechanical
skill and proficiency, and that he has been em-
ployed at least two years in the actual fabrication
of steam machinery.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That cadet
engineers, when appointed,' shall be under eigh-
teen years of age, and shall have passed a mental
and physical examination. They shall be ad-
mitted to the Naval Academy , where they shall
be examined from time to time, according to the
regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the
Navy; alidif found deficient at any examination,
or dismissed for misconduct, they shall not be
continued in the Academy, or in the service, ex-
cept upon recommendation of the academic board.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the aca-
demic course of cadet engineers shall be two years,
and their pay the same as thatof midshipmen.
Sec. 6. Jlndbe it further enacted, That the num-
ber of chief engineers shall not exceed one for
each first and second rate vessel m the Navy,
with such first, second, and third assistant engi-
neers, or those acting as such, as the wants of the
service actually require. And that, from and-after
the passage of this act, the annual pay of the en-
gine~er-tr<Be«*s_<if- the .Navy, on the active list,
shall be as follows: ~ 
Every chief engineer on duty, for the first five
years after the date of his commission, two thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
For the second five years after the date of his
commission, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For the third five years after the date of his
commission, two thousand eight hundred dollars.
After fifteen years after the date of his commis-
sion, three thousand dollars.
Every chief engineer on leave or waiting or-
ders, for the first five years after the date of his
commission, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For the second five years after the date of his
commission, one thousand six hundred dollars.
For the third five years after the date of his
commission,one thousand seven hundred dollars.
After fifteen years after the date of his commis-
sion, one thousand eight hundred dollars. -
Every first assistant engineer on diity, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
While on leave or waiting orders, one thou-
sand one hundred dollars. - -
Every second assistant engineer on duty, one
thousand two hundred dollars.
While on leave or waiting orders, nine hun-
dred dollars. .
Every -third assistant engineer on duty, one
thousand dollars. ...
While on leave or waiting orders, eigtst hun-
dred dollars.
