1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
A joint resolution (No. 21) relative to the ac-
counts of the petty officers, seamen, and others
of the crew of the United States gunboat Cincin-
nati—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
WAKE HOUSING OJT IMPORTED GOODS.
The bill (H. R. No. 230) to extend the time
for the withdrawal of goods from public stores
and bonded warehouses, and for other purposes,
was read by its title.
Mr.4 FESSENDEN". I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to put that bill on its passage
now.
There being no objectian, the bill was read
three times, and passed.
It provides thatall goods, wares,and merchan-
dise now in public stores or bonded warehouses,
on which duties are unpaid,and which shall have
been in bond more than one year and less than
three years at the time of the passage of the act,
may be entered for consumption, and the bonds
canceled at any time before the 1st of June next
on payment of duties and charges according to
law. It also provides that the term " license,"
in the first proviso to the fifteenth section of the
act increasing temporarily the duties on imports,
and for other purposes, approved July 14, 1862,
shall be held to extend to all vessels authorized
by law to engage in the coasting trade, whether
sailing under registers or enrollments and li-
censes.
On motion of Mr. WADE, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 26, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. Ii. Changing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REPORT OF CAPTAIN J. L. 3TISK.
Mr. WALLACE asked unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he, and is hereby,
requested to funu-h tin <5 IIouMi wjth a copy nf the report of
Captain j. h. Fislc relative to his late exploration to the
Roeky mountains,the s;o!d fields of Idaho, &c.. now on file
in the utlioe ot'jho Adjutant General.
Mr. WASHBtJRNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to the resolution provided it be modified
by inserting " directod"in place of" instructed."
Mr. WALLACE. I acceptthat modification.
The resolution, as modified, was introduced,
read, considered, and agreed to.
POST ROUTES IN UTAH AND IDAIIO.
Mr. WALLACE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of the Legislature of Idaho
m reference to the establishment of certain post
routes in Utah and Idaho; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
CADETS AT WEST POINT.
Mr. STROUSE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affair? be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ot incieasnm the
number of cadets at the West Point Military Academy;
and to repoit by bill or otherwise.
PAY OF OFFICERS ABSENT ON LEAVE.
• Mr. STROUSE, by unanimous consent, also
intioduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Allans he in-
structed to inquire mto the expediency of lepeahng .-o
much of section thnry-one of the act entitled '"An act
for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for
otin-'r pinpn-.es,'1 approved Match 3, 1863. a? lelates to the
pay and allowance of othcers absent with leave.
SOLDIERS OF THE WAR OF 1812.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill granting pensions to the surviving '
soldiers of the war of 1612; which was read a
first and second time, <md referred to the Com- 1
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
BRIGADIER GENERAL G. W. MORGAN. |
On motion of Mr. COX, the following resolu-
tion, laid over from a previous day, was byunan- :
imous consent taken up, read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolvedj That the Seeietary of Wat be directed to com-
municate to tlus Hou-c c'opio-j of a communication fjom
Btigadier General («. W. Morgan to Adjutant Geneial
Thomas, dated Mount Vernon, Ohio, June 0, 16t)3, and nc
exhibits thereto attached, marked from - A11 to k< (V inclu-
sive, the same being in reply to that portion of the official
report of Major General Hatl^ck, dated December 2, IS62,
relative to the evacuation of Cumberland Gap.
PUBLIC LANDS IN WISCONSIN, ETC.
On motion of Mr. SLOAN, the Committee on
Public Lands were discharged from the further
consideration of a resolution in relation to the dis-
continuance of the surveyor general's office, and
providing for surveys of land in Wisconsin and
Iowa, and the same was referred to the Commit"
tee of Ways and Means.
MISSOURI TROOPS.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Whereas the State authorities of the State, of Missouri
have heretofoie emollcd into service all persons liable to
military service; and whereas they have been designated
as enrolled Missouri militia and provisional militia bysaid
State authoritics;and whereas said soldiery have been turned
over to and have been acting under orders of the military
commandant of the department of Missouri; and whereas
the four regiments ot such soldiery in the fourth congres-
sional district of said State have been m active service for
more than twelve months, and have done good and gallant
service; and whereas the State ot Missouri has failed to
provide for the payment of said soldiery, who, in a great
measure, at vauous times, protected and saved the prop-
erty of the United t5tates,vaiuedatmillionsof dollars ; and
whereas said soldiery have ever acted with a cheerfulness
and alaeuty m obedience to orders: Therefore,
Beit resolved, ThatthcMilitaryCommitteebeinstructed
to inquire into the jUftice and expediency of paying said
soldiery according to their mu^ter-m rolls the same as vol
unteers, and that the said soldiery be placed on same foot-
ing, as to pay, petiMon, bounty, &c., as United States sol-
diers; and report by bill ot otherwise.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. STILES. I rise to a privileged question.
I move that when the House adjourns to-day it
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
he is informed by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means that he proposes to make
to-morrow a day for general debate in Committee
of the Whole, when no vote shall be taken.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope by unanimous con-
sent we shall meet to-morrow and consider the
President's message, with the understanding that
nothing shall be done except debate, so thatgen-
tlemen who desire may speak. That will save a
great deal of time.
By unanimous consent the suggestion of Mr.
Stevens was agreed to.
Mr. STILES. I withdraw my motion.
■WESTERN CLAIMS.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to authorize the payment of certain claims
in the Western department; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
regular order of business.
PUNISHMENT OF TRAITORS.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to allow me to introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, i understand
the gentleman from California is obliged to leave
the city, and hence I withdraw my call for that
purpose.
Mr. HIGBY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to exclude traitors and alien enemies
from the couits of the United States in civil cases
and from the public lands; which was read a fust
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
PAYMENT OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [.Mr. WashburneJ to allow me to offer
from the Committee on Military Affans a joint
resolution extending the time for the payment of
bounties.
* Mr. WADSWORTH. I object, and call for
the regular order of business.
Mr.^WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
my call.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I do not withdraw
mine.
Mr. ODELL. This bill is one of importance
to the country, and it is important that it should
be acted upon now. Itisa bill to extend the time
for the payment of bounties to veterans who rc-
enlisi. The time expires on Sunday.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think tins matter has not |
been fully understood.
Mr. FINCK. I object to the gentleman making
a statement.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to set apart the second Thursday and
Friday of March for the consideration of territo-
rial business after the morning hour,and that the
territorial bills in committee be then made the
special order.
Mr. HARDING. I object.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I understand the
gentleman from Kentucky to have withdrawn his
demand for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so un-
derstand. The gentleman from Kentucky took
his seat without replying to the inquiry of the
Chair whether he withdrew his objection.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I have made no ob-
jection to the unanimous consent asked by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] just now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands.
The gentleman's colleague [Mr. Harding] ob-
jected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports of a pri-
vate nature, commencing with the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. ODELL. I understand that the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Wadsworth] does
not object to the reporting of the joint resolution
in relation to bounties.
The SPEAKER The gentleman from Illinois
demands the regular order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
my demand for the regular order of business so
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] may
report the resolution to extend the ti me for the pay-
ment of bounties.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state
the proposition. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] asks the unanimous consent of the
House to report from the Committee on Military
Affairs a joint resolution to extend the time for
the payment of bounties. Is there objection ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I send up the joint resolu-
tion, which is a report from the Military Com-
mittee.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I have not withdrawn
my objection to the reporting of that resolution
by the gentleman fiom Ohio.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair was misin-
formed.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I did not withdraw the
objection.
Mr. ODELL. 1 believe I misled the Chair and
the House. 1 made the statement that the gen-
tleman withdrew his objection, as I understood
him to say that he would do so if I asked him to
do it; hence I made the statement.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I said I would not ob-
ject to any request the gentleman from New York
himself made of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Kentucky that he is under the
impression that his objection comes too late, as
the Chair stated distinctly and audibly, after the
remark of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Odell,] that he would again state the proposi-
tion; he did so, and no objection was made. The
Chair therefore thinks the objection comes too
late. The Chair desires to do justice to both
sides of the House, but he stated the question
distinctly, and thereupon the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Holmax,] who had called for the
regular order of business, rose and stated that he
withdrew his objection, and the Chair heard no
other objection.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I have not objected to
any consent asked by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Odell.] I objected only to the con-
sent asked by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.]
Mr. ODELL. That was my understanding.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated the mat-
ter distinctly, and no objection was maile. The
joint resolution is before the House.
The joint lesohnion was read a first add second
time. It provides that the bounties authorized to
