THE-OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN O. RIVES, WASHINGTON, ^
Thirty-Eighth Congkess, 1st Session.
MONDAY, TONE 13, 1864.
New Sehi8s,....No.' 189.> ,
The law requires the depositions .to be taken be-
fore a judge of the Territory, a recorder of a
cpunty, or the mayor of a city, if such officers
can be had. Judge Williams and Judge Bliss,
were both in the Territory, and every county^had
a recorder. IJjjt Mr. Todd took his depositions
before justices of the peace, and the majority
waived this error. The law requires the election
returns to be made within' fifty days, and it was
nearly one hundred before the returns came from
St. Joseph, and the majority waived this error.
The- law requires the returns to be jointly certi-
fied by two justices of the county, and the clerk
of the commissioners, but the St. Joseph returns
had the certificate of the cletk only, and the ma-
jority waived th'is error.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the law require
that the returns should be certified by two jus-
tices,. or simply that the canvass shall be made by
them ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. They must not only can-
vass the votes but certify to the result. It would
be an idle thing to require them to count the votes
if they were not also required to make a memo-
randum or certificate of the facts as they found
them.
A common man, unacquainted with the habits
of the professional mind, might naturally sup-
pose that such conflicting rulings were made with
reference to a predetermined conclusion. But
you, sir, can readily see that it is susceptible of
a more charitable interpretation. The firm ad-
herence to a technical rule for the admission of
the St. Jo. fraud—the greatest perpetrated in ter-
ritorial history since the • Cincinnati directory
voted in Kansas—may be only a sublime triumph
of legal justice over acknowledged but unofficial
truth and right. Fiat jmtitia, mat calum. And
again, when the rule is four times relaxed in fa-
vor of Mr. Todd, it may be impulsive honesty
breaking through the trammels of professional
education. It is strange, to- be sure, that Mr.
Jayne's cause is injured when the rule is ad-
hered to, and Mr. Todd's always benefited when
the rule is relaxed. But that may bo one of those
singular coincidences thatoften occur in the mys-
terious affairs of human life.
Mr. TODD, (contestant.) I shall occupy but
a very short period, and shall address myself
strictly to the merits of the case, and in reply to
the gentlemen of Pennsylvania who liavejust pre-
ceded me. Evidently there is very little known
by the members of the House of the manner in
which this election in Dakota has been conducted,
ar.d I propose to detail a few of the facts touching
the manner of holding it and the transactions that
occurred. We are a far distant Territory, two
thousand three hundred miles fiom the city of
Washington, and but little is known of it. It has
seemed, from the remarks of the gentlemen of
Pennsylvania who last addressed the House, that
they have but a single point upon which to base
their argument, and .that is technicality. The
facts in the case are not touched,and surely they
have not looked at the evidence clearly, which has
been printed and laid before the House. Now,
sir, I desire to call attention to a few of them in
connection with this election in our Territory.
This election was held under the auspices of
the sitting Delegate, then the Governor of Dakota;
and to show the opinions he held on the organi-
zation of the Territory, I will read a few extracts
from his message transmitting the census returns
to the firstLegislature of the Territory at its first
session, but will firstread the returns. This mes-
sage informs us that m the " western district"
(now Charles Mix county) there were, "white
population, fifty-three; half-breeds, one hundred
and twenty-eight; total, one hundred and eighty-
one." And the Governor remarks:
" I also deem it proper and obligatory upon me to state
that, m my opinion, the returns ol tbo western disti ict taken
by Mr. Morse cannot he relied oil as correct; be Slaving,
in my opinion, returned more population than there was
(n that district."
Nearly all of the half-breeds here enumerated
held tribal relations to the Yankton Sioux In-
180
dians, and participated in their annuities; yet
counting the entire population of this district in
the summer of 1861, and allowing the usual ratio
for the males, there will be found only thirty-six
persons entitled to .vote. In the following year
this district cast a vote of 145, although it is well
known that there was no material increase of
population. This same census return shows a
population of fifty-one white males, twenty-five
females; mixed males, two hundred and sixty-
four; females, two hundred and sixty; total, six
hundred in the Pembina district.
In regard to this return, the Governor remarks:
"In transmitting the census returns, I deem it properto
state that from information received from gentlemen liv-
ing in the Red river district, and also from the fact that
many of the residents were absent on the usual summer
hunts when Mr. Betts was taking the census of the dis-
trict, I am satisfied that the population returned is under-
rated.?'
Upon these returns the Governor districted the
Territory into council and representative dis-
tricts; and in the apportionment erfected Pembina
into a separate district, thus plainly recognizing
the right of that people to a voice in our coun-
cils. I present these facts in relation to Charles
Mix county and the Pembina district to show
how absurd and inconsistent the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is in supporting the sitting Dele-
gate, who as Governor inaugurated and has had
the advantage of those stupendous frauds which
have so.disgraced our young and beautiful Ter-
ritory, and whose interests had been confided to
his hands. In reference to them, we come to this
House and ask you to wipe the stam away from
us by rejecting the pretensions of the sitting Del-
egate to a seat in this House. We ask you to
countenance nothing of the frauds of the chief
executive of our Territory, or any other, and to
set the seal of your disapprobation by righting
the wrongs we have suffered at his hands. I
will allude to him further at the proper time.
How stands it with this much-abused, much-
vilified district of Pembina? What are the facts
touching her material interests, population, and
prospects?
I propose to offer a few proofs in regard to
these, and in the first place call your attention to
the fact that you have created ports of entry,
opened custom-houses, established post routes
and post offices, &c., thus showing the interest
the Government felt in this district, and the desire
she had to foster and promote the welfare of that
interesting portion of our Territory.
The great Red River of the North constitutes
the main artery of the northern portion of this
continent, trending to the Hudson's bay, and
through it to the Pacific. The head of this groat
river is but five miles from the sources of the Mis-
sissippi, and, d-iverging upon the water-shed of
the continent, they each pour their mighty tor-
rents into the two great oceans that wash the
shores of our common country.
The Red River of the-North drains one of the
fairest portions of the Northwest. For four hun-
dred miles it forms the boundary between the
great State of Minnesota and the embiyo State of
Dakota. Passing the lino that separates usfiom
the British possessions, for six hundred miles it
(pursues its course to Hudson's bay, and thence
finds its final outlet on the shores of the Pacific.
Upon its banks is found a hardy, rugged, pioneer
people, who have opened up the wilderness and
caused it to blossom as the rose. The Govern-
ment has sent its agents to that distant country
to ascertain its interests and what amount of com-
merce was there, and it has been reported to this
House over and over again. Steamboats ply
upon its waters, indicative of enterprise, and the
people upon its banks ask but your fostering care
to warm them into life.
There is the great fur trade of the Northwest;
and from this region do you teceive those beauti-
ful furs which are .alike sought after for com-fort
and ornament. But this is not all. The mer-
chants in the British possessions are now trans-
porting their merchandise along this veiy route,
thus leaving the old and long-pursued lines of
travel from Glusbec to their ports upon the Hud-
son'abayand Pacific. Nor is this all.' Thetrade
of this much-abused people of Pembina with St.
Paul is immense. It follows a line across the west-
ern half of Minnesota from:St. Paulto Sauk rapids
till it reaches the boundary of Dakbtaandpur-
suesits course to the town of Pembina, and thence'
diffuses itself to thtf Selkirk and other 'settlements
throughout'that vast extent of the ndfthern poi>
tion of the American continent.
It is tr.ue that it is a difficult route, and* to reach
these far-distant, remote regions requires' spirit
and enterprise, and in these people you have an
example of what can be accomplished by a people
who will to do and dare perform .
Now, sir, a few words in regard to the censu'tf-
taken at Pembina by the agent selected by Gov-
ernor Jayne. He went there an entire sir
from the capital of the Territory, knowirtg*no'or<&
and caring less for those whose interests and
status he was about to report upon. He went to
the house of Mr. Charles Bottineau, one of the
heaviest traders and enterprising men in that
distant settlement, and one of those men in whose
veins is to be found a small trace of Indian blood,
but who has been classed by this witness Buck-
man asa half-breed. Prom his lips he took dow«;
the names of those persons only who were theti
present in the district which he remembered, and .
omitted all those who were on their hunts or their
long journey to St. Paul on their annual trading
expedition.
it is well known to gentlemen from Minnesota
on this floor that the commerce between St. Paul
and Pembina amounts annually to more than two
hundred thousand dollars;, ana that in the early
days of that State, when a Territory, this city
was largely indebted to that reviled district for
much of the prosperity which has made her a
name to be envied in the valley of the upper Mis-
sissippi. These people travel a distance of six
hundred miles from Pembina to St. Paul, and it
consumes four months to make the round trip.
There are three hundred carts and three hundred
men engaged in this business at this season of
the year; and all these men were absent from their
homes when the agent of the Governor took this'
census, and are notenumerated in it. Let us see
if we cannot discover something more real, more'
tangible, more accurate than this bogus census,
taken by an instructed agent of a corrupt, design-
ing Governor.
In 1860 the eighth census of the United State*
was taken in accordance with law, and the Gov-
ernment sent its chosen assessor to perform this
duty, and surely his report ought to be the best
criterion of the number of people in that district"
and the material interest they represent. I pro-
ceed now to show an abstract of the population
of the Red River or Pembina district, carefully
collated from the original returns made to the ac-
complished superintendent of the Census Bureau,
and which has since been published and laid upon
the desks of members of this House. Prom this
abstract I find that there are in this Pembina dis-
trict five hundred and forty-six white males, three
hundred andeiglityTnine mixed bloods, commonly
known as half-breeds; and thirty-eight Indians
who live as white men, all over the age of twenty-
one years, making a total of nine hundred and'
seventy-three persons. They represent a capi-
tal of $395,295, divided as follows: real estate,
$123,000; personal estate, §272,295; and in the
whole district along the Red river and west of it,
a capital of $412,735, or an average of $375 for
each person thus enumerated.
These persons are the representatives often for-
eign nationalities, and of our own country twenty-
throe different States and Territories, and follow
the pursuits incident to their respective profes-
sions and associations, such as traders, farmers,
merchants, masons,carpenters, clerks, boatmen,
brickmakers, blacksmiths, millers, millwrights,
and missionaries, lawyers, lumbermen, and labor-
ers, priests, plowmakera,pilots, surveyors, shoe-
makers, tailors, wheelwrights, and woodcutter.
About one hundred of these men are now in the
