844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
be paid under existing laws and regulations and
orders of the War Department to veterans re-
enlisting or persons enlisting in the regular or
volunteer service of the United States for three
years or during the war shall continue to be paid
from the 1st day of March, 1864, to the 1st day
of April, anything in any law or regulation to the
contrary notwithstanding; said bounties to be paid
out of any money already appropriated for such
purposes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the joint resolution.
Mr. COFFROTH. I would ask the gentleman
to amend the joint resolution by providing that
all veterans who reenlist shall be credited to the
different towns and election districts from which
they come.
The SPEAKER. That amendment would not
be in order pending the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question simply to say to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that that is already the
provision of law, and if it were repeated twenty
times in this resolution it would not make it any
stronger. The law requires that to be done now.
Mr. COFFROTH. The Provost Marshal Gen-
eral has issued an order in antagonism to what
the gentleman states to be the law.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then he must be held to
obey the law. That is all I can say.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to ask the gentleman whether any provision is
made in this resolution for giving bounty to the
heirs of those who lost their lives in the service
prior to July J 861.
Mr. SCHENCK. That matter is not relevant
at all to this resolution. This resolution merely
relates to the payment of bounties upon reenhst-
men tor enlistment, ex tending the time from Match
1, when the law expires, to the 1st of Apnl, so
as to promote enlistments and prevent the neces-
sity of a draft, i now demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under the operation
thereof the joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr.SCHENCK moved the previous question
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution yas passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENLISTMENTS tN SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. RLA1R, of Missouri. 1 ask unanimous
consent to repoit back from the Committee ou
Military Affan.s a bill to piovide for the volun-
tary enlistment of any prisons, resident in certain
States, into the regiments of other States.
Mr. STEVENS. Is that a piivate bill'
Mr. j>LAlR, of Missouri. It is not.
Mr. feTEVENS. Then I must object, as this
is private bill day.
PRIVATE BUSINESS.
Mr. ELIOT called for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the call of committees lot repoits
of ft private character, beginning with the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
CONSTANCE READ.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, repoited back, with a
recommendation that it do pass, a joint resolution
authorizing the payment of piize money, due to
Commander Ahner Read, uf the United States
Navy, to Jus widow, Constance Read.
The joint lesolution was read. It authorizes
the propel accounting officers to pay to Constance
Road, widow of Commander Abner Read, late of
the United States Na\ y, the shaie of prize money
due or to become due to .said Abner Read fox
itrizes taken by the United States vessel New
London while under his command m 1861.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved the pre-
vious question on the engrossment and third
reading of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the joint resolution was engrossed and read the
thnd time.
The question recurred on its passage; and the
joint resolution was passed.
Mr RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAYMASTER CARPENTER.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the same
committee, also reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, a joint resolution for
the relief of J. M. Carpenter; and moved the pre-
vious question on its third reading.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury,
in settling the accounts of J. M. Carpenter, pay-
master in the United States Navy, to credit him
with the sum of $200, being the value of clothing
stolen from the United States sloop Saratoga, after
said vessel had been put out of commission, in
Philadelphia, in July, 1863.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the joint resolution was engrossed, and read the
third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the
joint resolution; and it was passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The hitter motion was agreed to.
CREW OF Til 13 CINCINNATI.
Mr. RICK, of Massachusetts, from the same
committee, also reported back, with a recommend-
ation thai it do pass, thejoint resolution relative
to the accounts of the petty officers, seamen, and
others of the crew of the United States gunboat
Cincinnati, and moved the previous question on
us thir-d reading.
The joint lesolution authorizes the proper ac-
counting officers of the Tieasury, in settling the
accounts of the petty officers, seamen, and others
of the crew of the United States gunboat Cincin-
nati, to allow to each of them all back pay, and a
sum not exceeding fifty dollars for the loss of
clothing nml other ptoperty by the sinking of
said vessel on the Mississippi river, near Vicks-
bur«;, on the 27th of May, ]8(>3.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under its operation
the joint resolution was engrossed and read the
third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the
joint resolution; and it was passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massaehuse tts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to le-
cm^id'T mi the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHEW OF THE MONITOR.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the same
commit tee, also icported back the joint resolution
to compensate the crew of the United Stales steam-
er Monitor for clothing lost in the public service,
and asked that the committee be discharged from
its further consideration, inasmuch as provision
had aheady been made for the case by the act of
Congress of Maich, lb63.
it was so ordeied.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. It sti ikes me
that the law passed at the last session of Congress,
to which the gentleman lefeis, was defective, in-
asmuch as it piovtded no means for paving the
men. This resolution was introduced for the.
puipose of curing that defect. I think if the gen-
tleman will compaie the two he will find there is
a difference.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Thecommittee
has been discharged from the further considera-
tion of the subject, but if the House will allow
me 1 will say to the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia that the lesolution of Match 3, 1863, author-
izes the accounting officers of the Treasury, in
settling the accounts-of thene men, to credit each
of them with the amount of sixty dollars.
PAYMASTER E. C. DORAN.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported back Senate bill
No. 94, to authorize the settlementof the accounts
of Paymaster E. C. Doran,with the recommend-
ation that it do pass.
The bill provides that all the payments made
by William H. Peters, of Virginia, to the me-
chanics, laborers, and otheremployes of the Nor- "
folk navy-yard for wages due to them by the
United States for services and labor rendered to
the 20th of April, 1861, and the rolls and vouchers
therefor on file in the office of the Fourth Auditor
of the Treasury, shall be legalized for the benefit
of Paymaster Edward C. Doran, of the United
States'Navy; and that the accounting officers of
the Treasury shall be authorized to credit Pay-
master Edward C. Doran, in the settlement of his
account, with the sum of $29,381.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, demanded the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMODORE W. D. PORTER.
Mr. RICE,of Massachusetts, from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, moved that that committee
be discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of Commodore W. D. Porter, United
States Navy, for bounty,the subject having been
already provided for, and that it be laid upon the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
THANKS TO ADMIRAL POUTER.
Mi. RICE, of Massachusetts, fiom the same
committee, reported back House joint resolution
(No.13) extending the thanks of Congiess to Ad-
miral Porter, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
The joint resolution provides that the thanks
of Congress be tendered to Admiral David D.
Porter, commanding the Mississippi squadron,
for eminent skill, endurance, and gallantry ex-
hibited by him and his squadron, in cooperation
with the Army, in opening the Mississippi river.
Mr. FINCK. I desire to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs a question.
Mr. RICE,of Massachusetts. I yield for that
purpose.
Mr. FINCK. I introduced resolutions some
weeks ago tendering the thanks of Congress to
Captain Wulke, United States Navy, and had
them referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and I would be giad to know what has become of
them.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The committee
has not yet leached the Mibject. We will do so
the first opportunity and report on it to the House.
I demand the previous question.
Tin4 previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordeied; and under the operation
, thereof the joint resolution was ordered to been-
j grossed and read a third tunc: and being engrossed,
I it wasaccoi dmgly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. 11ICE, oi Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was ogieed to.
THANKS TO COMMODORE RINGGOLD.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, fiom the same
committee, reported back Senate joint resolution
i (No. 19) of thanks of Congress to Cuinmodoie
; Cudwahider Ringgold, the officers and ciew of
the United States ship Sabine, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The joint lesolution piovides that the thanks
of Congress be tendered to Commodore Ringgold,
the officers, petty officers, and men of the United
States ship Sabine, for the daiing and skill dis-
played in rescuing the crew of the steam transport
Governor, wrecked in a gale on the lstof Novem-
ber, 1 SGI, having on boaui a battalion of United
States marines under the command of Major John
S. Reynolds, and in the search for and rescue of
the United States ship Vermont, disabled in a gale
