1890
THE CO N G it ESS IO JST AL GLOBE.
April 27,
energies, I think money can afford to pay taxes
to aid in this emergency, and I hope-it will he al-
lowed to pay taxes. I hope it will be madi to
pay taxes. I think true patriotism demands that
it should pay taxes both for national and Stare
purposes, it is entirely useless for you to under-
-take to make a vigorous nation out of a union of
gccrepit States. Maintain the health and the
vigor of your populations within your States, and
they will take care of the nation for you. Cripple
thera^ exhaust them, and legislation cannot take
care of the n&tion.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, the main
proposition before \is, I take it, is whether wo
shall leave to the States m any form the right of
taxation over these .banks. Different gentlemen
have different views about the mode of coming at
•that, but that is the main question.
In the first place, however, from some remarks
which have been made, and especially from those
which have been made by the Senator from Michi-
gan, it becomes a little important to inquire how
far the right of taxation by the General Govern-
ment may go; because, if I undorstopd him aright,
he even denies the power of the General Govern-
ment in this particular case. I wish he were pres-
ent. I make my remarks only for the use of the
Senate, and it is not very encouraging to make
them to but a little part of the Senate. I under-
stood the Senator from Michigan, and I ask his
-attention,as I see that he is here now, to suggest
that inasmuch as we had laid a tax of one and a
half per cent, on the holders of United States bonds
as an income tax, and inasmuch as they had taken
the bonds on the faith of that, uny form m which
we may now undertake to tax the banks in which
those bonds may constitute capital is, in effect and
in fact, a tax on them which he seems to think
would be at least in bad faith in relation to those
who have taken the bonds under the assurance
that they would be taxed but one and a half per
cent. That is the way i understood him, and he*
intimates that that is the way he meant to be un-
derstood. If that is true; if it is true that the tax-
ing of a bank or the shares of a bunk, i he capital
of which is made up of United Static bonds., is
virtually the taxation of the bonds, and if we can-
not tax the bondsany further inany foim because
. of the assurance contained in the provision for an
income tax of one and a half per cent., then, in-
deed, the United States have no power to lay taxes.
Let us see whether that is well founded.
I am sensible that when the loan bill was
passed, it contained an assurance that our bonds
-should not be subject to State taxation. That
was part of the contract made by the Govern-
ment with the purchasers of the bonds. It was
in theloan bill, part of the contract; buttheie was
nothing in that loan bill by which the General
Government in any way tied up its hands from
taxing the.se bonds. The Geneial Government
may tax these bonds directly for aught there is
in the law. The tax law that we passed after-
wards, imposing an income tax of one arid a half
4?er cent, upon the interest derived from United
States bonds as part of a man's income, has noth-
ing to do with the contiart about taking the
bonds. That is not m the hum bill, and there is
nothing in the law that prew nts the United States
Government from going on and taxing these
bonds as thoy please; nor is there any breach of
faith if they do so. Therefore, if n were ttue
that the taxing of the shares of a bank of which
those bonds constitute the capital was a tax on
the bonds, still after all there would be nothing
unlawful in that.-*
it will be observed that in this bill and in the
very amendment which is now pending, there is j
a tax laid on the banks. The proposition is. 1
believe, to impose a tax of one fourth of one per !
cent, on their circulation once in &ix months, and ,|
* one fourth of one per cent, upon ail Unit capital ;>
beyond the bonds, and also a tax upon their de- il
posits. These are all taxes by the General Gov- lj
ernment on these very banks; and if it is true j;
that taxing these banks in any form is taxing the ij
bonds, then all this provision for a United Scales \
taxation is utterly inconsistent with the assurance :
which the Senator from Michigan insists was '
given; but the fact is not so. They are subject
to taxation. - is
But in the naxt place, Mr. President, I insist !j
that a tax upon the shareholders in a bank is no jj
tax upon the stock of that bank. There maybe
one sense in law in which it is. The courts have
decidcd in several of our States that where a bank
charter has been granted by a State and the State
has received a bonus, a'certain pecuniary consid-
eration for that charter, and has inserted in the
charter a provision that the bank shall not be sub-
ject to any other tax, the shares of that bank can-
not afterwards be taxed because of the assurance
contained in the charter. But to say that a tax
on the shares of a bank is a tax on the bonds that
constitute the capital of that bank is utterly fait
ladous. As the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Howe] suggested, suppose a rfian owns bonds
and he puts them into a bank as partof the capi-
tal and takes shares to the amount of those bonds
as if he had put in money, does he own those
bonds now? Certainly not. In order to test that
past all possible question, I will suppose that I
have $10,000 in bonds and I put them into one
of these banks and take certificates for my shares,
what then ? I certainly do not own those bonds
any more; the bank owns them. Can I be com-
pelled to pay one and a half per cent, income tax
on these bonds after i have delivered them to the
'bank and taken my certificates of stock ? Cer-
tainly not. All the bonds that constitute the
stock in these banks that are deposited here are
released from the one and a half per cent, income
tax; they cease to be individual property; and
banks and corporations are not subject to an in-
come tax; we reach them by a tax on their'divi-
dends. If it is true that a man who formerly
owned these bonds and who now owns the bank
stock still owns the bonds, he ought to pay his
one and a half per cent.; but the one and a half
per cent, is not leached by the Government; it
gocw to the bank and constitutes a part of the cap-
ital. The man owns those bonds no more. He
is subject, to be sure, to pay an income tax on the
dividend paid to'him on his shares in that bank;
but that is reached in another way. The banks
are made to pay over the tax on the dividend be-
: foie it goes to the shareholder himself, thatjjeing
a shoiter mode of collecting the tax.
The truth is that when we gave out these bonds
to the people, all the assuiance given to them was
that they should not be taxed by the States. A
m<m may have them and hold them, and 1 grant
that they are property in one respect. For in-
stance, they ate the means of making a pledge;
they can be used as collateral security for bor-
rowing money. They are valuable in other ways
besides the interest received from the Govern-
ment. Bat when you undertake to make a law
by which you transfer them into banking capital,
and enable the man who holds them, not to bor-
row money upon them but to lend money upon
them, that is entirely a different affair; that is
entirely a new pnvilege, and one to which, when
granted, the Government may annex such condi-
tions as it thinks proper.
1 say, then, that the taxing of the shares of a
bank is in no way precluded by the consideration
that the capital or partof :lie capital of that bank
is made up of pubiic bonds of the" United States.
But the main qu-stlon is whether these shares,
the interest in these banks, shall be left to State
taxation. That is a great question; it is a great
subject; and from the magnitude of the subject,
if not from the importance of what I say, I may
be entitled to some little time in talking about it.
When this Government was constituted—and
it was made by the people of the then existing
Srates—those States all exercised and had the
light to exeicise the power of taxation unhmit-
ediy within their respective boundaries without
ony restriction. When the United States Gov-
ei nmcnt was formed, that also was invested with
the power of taxation by the clause of the Con-
stitution authorizing Congress " to lay- and col-
lect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises." That
certainly did not deprive the States of the power
of doing the same thing. AH and each of the
States levy and collect their taxes in their own
way. The Government of the United States has
the'whole field of taxation open to it, all thesub-
icct-maiter of taxation in the whole country; and
each State has what there is within its jurisdic-
tion. The subjects-matter of taxation are the
same to each Government except in one respect.
There is one subject-matter of taxation which
was in effect, though not intentionally, perhaps,
sequestered, and set apart to the peculiar use of
the General Government, ft was provided in
the Constitution that the States should not levy
any duty upon importations. That is the only
restriction theie is upon the power of taxation m
the States. That was not put there for any pur-
pose of sequestering that particular branch to the
uses of the General Government for revenue, but
that has been its incidental effect. The trouble
was that each State laid its own duties upon im-
portations; and they differed, no two layingthem
alike, and some laying none at all. It was im-
possible for the General Government to make
any commercial treaties under the old Articles of
Confederation, because each State levied its own
duties, and levied them in various ways, so that
there was no uniformity. In order to enable the
General Government to regulate our foreign com-
merce in such a manner as that we could make
treaties of and concerning and for commercial in-
tercourse with the world, it became necessary to
put the power of levying duties upon commerce
entirely m the hands of the General Government,
and to have uniformity. It was for that purpose
that this grant of power, or, moi e properly speak-
ing, this prohibition upon States, was made, for
it gave to Congress no more power to lay du-
ties than it already had to collect taxes of any
kind or whatever kind, but it inhibited that par-
ticular branch or subjcct-maUer of taxation to the
States for the reason 1 have stated; and the effect
of it is to sequester that particular bianch of rev-
enue, that particular subject of taxation, to the
exclusive use of the General Government.
The Constitution left the General Government
to levy its taxes upon all subjects-matter of tax-
ation in every State of the Umied States, and left
the States, with the exception I have just stated,
to levy taxes on all subjects of taxation within
their jurisdiction; -both might.tax the same ar-
ticles of commerce, the same income, the same
land, the same personal property, choses in ac-
tion, plate, anything else. All the subjects of
taxation Were equally open to the two govern-
ments. Suppose it had been proposed by any
orient that time4'We will insert m this Constitu-
tion a provision that the General Government
shall have not only this exclusive power of levy-
ing duties on importations, but shall have the
right to sequester to their peculiar taxation any
species of property they please in any State, and
take it away from State taxation," do yon be-
lieve there would have been a man found there,
oxccpt the one who proposed it, who would ever
have voted for it? The thing is utteily incon-
ceivable.
Now, let lis see what is before us. The United
States, in the present condition of affair?—I blame
nobody in any remark I make, mean to find fault
with nothing that is done, I merely call to mind
the condition of things—the Government of the
United States has borrowed of the inhabitants or
the severalStates—for 1 believe we have borrowed
very little from abroad—the amount of money
which now constitutes the funded dfbt of the
United States, which—I will be extremeiy'mod-
eratein my statement now—amounts to more than
seven hundred million dollars. The United
Stateshave taken that much money from theinhab-
itants of the several States, boiTowed it of them,
given them their bonds for it, and have seques-
tered thatentirely awayfrom State taxation. That
process will go on, i suppose. 'The way that
came to be sequestered was, that when the United
States desired to borrow money, they supposed
and believed they could burrow it much more
readily if they would say to the people, "You
have some money on which you have taxes to
pay in your own State; lend it to us; we will pay '
you interest upon it,as much as you getat home
six per cent., and it shall not be subject to State
taxation." They believed they could borrow the
money easier and better and with more facility in
thatway. I find no fault with that. Perhaps.the
necessities of the occasion called for it.
But, sir, what next? It is now proposed, and
we do not wish to disguise the thing at all m
dealing with each other, however we may with
the world, to take the whole of the banking cap-
ital in the States and sequesterit away from State
taxation; bccause by the plan before us'these
banks are to be made the exclusive banks of cir-
culation in this country, and they are to occupy
the whole ground of circulation not occupied by
greenbacks. That is what is proposed to be ef-
fect cd and intended to be effected by this bill, and
