1864.
TEE C 0 NG-RESSIOJSrAL GLOBE.
1891
many gentlemen say that unless the whole of that
can be effected the plan is defective. Then the
proposition is that we wili take the whole bank-
ing capital of the United States and put it into
the^e banks, and we wili sequester that altogether
from Stci\e taxation.
X do not know how the States are to get along
with taxation if one after another of the sources
of money art; to ho drained away from them and
sequestered exclusively to the use of the United
Stales. J have not the least word to say but that
the United States must levy and collect all the
taxes and a,ll the money they need; but let them
do it as the system of Government was formed to
do it in the beginning; Jet them do it over the same
field and on the same subject-matter with the
States, and leave it all in common to the United
States Government and the State governments.
That is the principle on which we started. I
grant that you have in the Constitution seques-
tered to the Government the duties upon foreign
imports: but all other subjects of taxation are
common to both the United States and State gov-
ernments. Why should they not remain so ? It
cannot be said that this is necessary because you
cannot roise money, for the power of taxation by
tin- hand of the General Government reaches to
everything in evs-ry part of the United States,
and in 'v.*h Stale by the hand of that Govern-
in f lit; bur the point is, whether the General Gov-
ernment Khali reach out their arm and say. We
will take and seqnoster from the operation of tax-
ation by the Srates certain pieces of property that
we find most valuable, and they shall not reach
them at an.
! am perfectly well aware that in troublous
times of war and violence the tendency of all
things is to consolidation of power; but, because
we are a>v\\re of that, does it become us to give
way to jf5and never in any manner attempt to
cheek its bad tendency? I can hardly think that
th. repif .--mUitives in this body, the re-present-
ati\ es of <3 as States peculiarly, arc prepared,
by ono st< after another of almost usurpations,
if iiOt entirely so, to let the States be subsidized
and redm^d to the necessity of getting their funds
our of tha„ which is utterly invaluable.
[ ask c,i nth men to look for a moment at the
condition of their States with this capital all se-
qiif steied fiom their, use. I have made a brief
statement of the banking capital of the different
Su.eS. 1 find, for instance, that the banking capi-
tal of Massachusetts in 1863 was $67,544,000. I
tun not iaunhar with the manner in which that
is raxed by the State for the support of the State
anr the . Minieipai corporations. I do not know.
Air. WILSON. One per cent.
Air. COLLAAJER. The State tax is one per
cent. 1 understand it to be like the tax in my
own Stale. We tax the bank one per cent, on its
dt\;dends. Some of the States sequester the pro-
ceeds of ihi't tax entirely for the support of
sehools: others uo otherwise. We then leave the
sliuM- w 'cts to have their shares estimated with
^thtir oth-'i pei^onal propei ty, sul/ject to taxation
for nil h-:ai and municipal purposes, like any
otl < r pn oerty. In short, they pay taxes upon
it just as they wo _ild if they had the money loaned
any when else, i do not know but it is peifectly
easy fur Alassaehusetts (for I know somewhat
of her wealth) to dispense altogether with the
tax upon $67,000,000, the tax levied upon the
shareholder of the banks of that State. I do not
believe it. I do not believe that State can get
aloniT qm tly and with ease in that way, taking
$67.O0U,0ia) out of her list of property liable to
State tax..uon.
The Svtv of New York has a banking capital
of v.joS/iCtM'OO. I may say thesame of that. A
Coo ?i' 11_ia1 d^ part of that capital is in State stocks;
but the gi* at hotly of it, in point of fact, is now
in United States stocks. Butthatis not the point
hoje, Th s is not the time to submit ail the re-
marks which mi lit occur to my mind in relation
to the attempt by this bill to reduce the banks m
tivse difieient States to United States banks, be-
cause that ;snn entirely different topic, with which
I do not d. sire to mingle up this question. The
nn ;v qtn-non here is, whether that amount of
niu.iey eai. 1 >• u:<;a>. stered away from Suite tax-
ation al:<"-;' 'th<-r, .md not seriously disturb the
nnvnK of S'.afe support, I do not wish to enlarge
upon thai, because a suggestion of it is certainly
quiiPNufaeTnt to lead the mim! to the full contem-
plation of its consequences. The. new States,
where they have very little of this banking capital,
may be very little disturbed by it; but the older
the State and the more their capital, the more
they are and must be disturbed.
There is another branch of this subject nearly
allied to this which cannot but necessarily, in
connection with thus subject, occur to mind. It
is these taxes, these home taxes, that the people
most distinctly understand and realize. You go
to a town m New England, and the tax for tiie
support of the poor every man understands and
feels. The same is true of the taxes for the sup-
port of their schools and for the building of their
highways and bridges. These are domestic, mu-
nicipal affairs; taxes laid under Stale authority,
to be sure; and every man understands and ap-
preciates them. Again, sir, you may go into one
of our ordinary-sized towns anywhere, in New
York, Pennsylvania, or New England,and there
are some few comparatively wealthy men, but not
many. By fortuitous circumstances you may oc-
casionally find in each town some man of wealth.
The one that I will now mention would be no
very unsupposahle case. Suppose in a town of
some three thousand inhabitants there lives a man
of wealth, for us, a man worth, say, §300,000,
mostly money invested in bank stocks or some
othercorporation stock. We pass this law. This
man immediately takes his stock in these banks
under tins bill. He either buys bonds and puts
them in or puts in money with which they bfiy
bonds. The town levies a tax for the purpose of
repairingthe highways or building a bridge. Some
of the people pay in money; some turn out and
laborer) the road. Some one asks, "Now, Mr.
Taskmaster, who is on your tax-list for repairing
this road and bridge?" "There are such and
such men." "Where is Air. Stiles, our wealth-
iest man'' He is not on your list at all. Does
he pay anything for the building of our bridges
and roads? Does ho contribute anything for the
support of town schools r" " No, sir: not at all.1'
"Does he do anything to support the expenses
of the government of the State?" "No,sir; not
at all." " Is it the law of the land by which the
wealthiest man among us is exempt from these
contributions which all the lestofusfeel and are
compelled to pay ?" "Yes, sir."
Again, the State of Vermont, for instance, has
incurred a debt, heavy for them. We did not
owe a dollar when this war commenced. In order
to encourage our men to volunteer, we agreed to
pay them what we thought was just; to pay ev-
ery sol'i er that went from our Stale seven dollais
per month in addition to his pay from the Gen-
eral Government. We paid it and still pay it.
We borrowed the money to do it. We have
made a State debt. We never had one before.
We have to pay the interest on that State debt;
but Air. Stiles does not have to pay any of it.
Then the town, in order to fill up us quota of
troops, has had to pay men from three hundred
to five hundred dollars apiece us bounty to en-
list. We had not the money on hand in the town
treasury. We buirowed it; we owe thai; and
we are taxed to make up the payment of the
principal and mterestof thutcontribution to raise
soldiers. Does Mr. Stiles pay anything toward
that? Not at all. Sir, the stockholders of a hank
of that kind, who are relieved fiom all responsi-
bility of contributing wi-th their neighbors gener-
ally toward these objects, will become perfectly
odious; they cannot live in the community; and
the man who can rise above his hatred of the
men who will take advantage of such a law as
that, and looks at the law itself, will hold the
Government that makes it, odious.
AJr. CHANDLER. Mi. President, I never
questioned the right and power of the Govern-
ment to levy this fax*, or any other tax, upon these
banks: ami I do not now question that power.
Nor do i question the power of Congiess to turn
these banks over to State, town, city, and muni-
cipal taxation. The position which I took was,
that in case this was done it would destroy the
bill; that no bank could or would be organized
under the bill after the adoption of that amend-
ment.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Henderson]
was perfectly frank last evening in announcing
the reasons why he would vote for the amendment
of the committee. He told us that he would vote
for that amendment becnuso it would destroy the
bill. If I understand his argument correctly, the
Senator from Vermont occupies the same position!
and I suppose he acts from the same reasons that
the Senator from Missouri does, because he de-
sires to destroy the bill. I so understood the Sen-
ator from Missouri. If I am mistaken I shall be
glad to be corrected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I so stated in my argu-
ment against the views entertained by the honor-
able Senator from Michigan. He himself had
stated that if the amendment of the committee
should be adopted it would defeatthe bill, I stated
in reply that if such a just amendment would de-
feat the bill, it ought to be defeated, and I would
go for it if it would have that tendency.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is the way I under-
stood the Senator. He opposes the bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. I said the amendment
was a just one.
Mr. CHANDLER. I believe the amendment
of the Committee on Finance will defeat this bill.
I will not go over the aigument that I made last
night upon that point. It is perfectly well un-
derstood.
The Senator from Vermont h^ -i>rought up
the case of the State of Massachusetts with her
$67,000,000 of banking capita!. The State of Mas-
sachusetts protects her banks from municipal,city,
and county taxation. ThcState ofMassachusetta
places a tax of one per cent, on all the banking
capital of that State, a.nd sequestrates it from mu-
nicipal taxation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have the
Senator give his authority for that statement.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] and likewise two or
three other Senators have given me the same in-
formation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Both the Senators are
mistaken.
Air. CHANDLER, The State of Rhode Island
does the same thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is not a State inall
New England that does it.
Air. ANTHONY. We tax the capital of the
bank, but we also tax the stockholders for their
stock. The banks of our State pay a tax on their
capital for the franchise; but every stockholder
pays on his bank stock, the same as any other
personal property.
Air. SPRAGUE. A tax is paid on the stock
as personal property, but not as stock of the bank.
Mr. ANTHONY. A man owning $10,000 in
bank stock and $10,000 real estate pays precisely
the same tax on each.
Mr. SPRAGUE. He does not pay it as a tax
on the stock of the bank.
Mr. CHANDLER. lam informed that my
information from Massachusetts is correct; and
certainly in Michigan it is the same way. What
I wish is some specific tax, some uniform tax. I
am not in favor of letting these banks go without
taxation. Tax them" heavily, but let the tax be
uniform. Let it be the same in Wisconsin, in
Michigan, in New York, in Massachusetts, and
all over the United States; whereas, undei this
proposition of the Committee on Finance, you
would pay in the city of Detroit three or four
per cent., and in the town of Pontiac perhaps
one half of one per cent. There would be no
uniformity in the some State, and in my judg-
ment there is no propriety in the amendment. I
believe in all the large cities it would absolutely
kill the bill.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin [Mr,
Howe] says that he has met with no bankers who
objected to this method of taxation, I do not
knuw with whom the Senator from Wisconsin
has conveised; but there were thiee bankers in
this Chamber yesterday afternoon, every one of
whom came to nie and told me that my position
was peifectly coi reel: that there was not a single
western State in which a bank could exist for
thirty days under the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance. 1 have yet to meet the first
banker, from any part of the United States, who
does not soy that that amendment will kill the
hill; but, as' I said before, I do not know who the
Semuoi's infoi mants may have been. If Senator^
desire to kill the bill they occupy a perfectly coy--
rect position; but if thoy aie in favor of the billa
then I say, they are taking the very course tc;
kill it.
Mr. President, this is not a question of b&nk%
