1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL
conference on the Army appropriation bill, tRe
most important bill we possibly can have before*
us.
Mr. COLLAMER. The most important bill
of the session.
Mr. GRIMES. The most important bill of
the session,as my friend from Vermont very well
says; and we ought not to allow one moment to
elapse without disposing of it.
Mr. CARLILE. I concur with the Senator
from Iowa as to the importance of the bill which
he desires should be considex-ed by the Senate;
but he knows that that bill can be taken up after
the expiration of the morning hour. It is only
within the morning hour that there can be any
hope of the bill which the Senate had under con-
sideration yesterday being considered and dis-
posed of. It will take but a very few moments,
I think, now to dispose of it.
Mr. GRIMES. There were three other men
on the floor wanting to proceed with other busi-
ness.
Mr. CARLILE. In my humble opinion the
whole three would not have consumed-morethan
fifteen minutes. We could have got through with
this bill yesterday morning in fifteen or twenty
minutes more but for the expiration of the morn-
ing hour.
I will say one thing further. Senators will
bear me witness that I have probably occupied
less of the time of this body this session than any
member of it. There is scarcely a Senator here
who has not occupied more of the time of the
body than I have. This is a matter in which I
have no more interest than other Senators on this
floor. It was a subject, however, which it was
made my duty by the Committee on Public Lands
to consider; and they have instructed me to re-
port it and to see that the bill has the action of the
Senate. A similar bill was considered by this body
at its last session, and it passed, I believe, without
a dissenting voice. It was then considered by the
Judiciary Committee and reported favorably by
Mr. Bayard, who was then a member of that com-
mittee, and the Senate passed it, I believe, with-
out a division. I am anxious to have the bill dis-
posed of. As was told us yesterday by the Senator
from California, it is a matter of interest to his
State. It involves the settlement of a considera- '
ble quantity of land within his State, which is
important, we all know, to the interests of the
State. I trust that it will be disposed of this
morning, and that I shall not again have to trou-
ble the Senate by a similar motion to that which
I have to make now in order to get it considered.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to say a word in reply
to the Senator from Virginia. I do not wish to'
stand in his way at all. He knows very well that
I have been struggling here in reference to a meas-
ure in which the State of Wisconsin is very much
interested; but I did not —
Mr. CARLILE. Ifthe Senatorwill allowme
to interrupt him, I ha,ve struggled oh one or two
mornings to get up this bill; but I believe the only
time 1 have thrust myself before the Senate this
session was to promote the interests of the Sena-
tor's State. ®
Mr. HOWE. I am very much obliged to the
Senator for doing it. 1 made that remark simply
as a preface to the remark I am now about to
make. I did not feel authorized to move in that
matter, deeply as the State of Wisconsin is in-
terested in it, while this Army appropriation bill
was undecided. It was the business on which
the Senate was engaged at the hour of adjourn-
ment yesterday, and I thought it ought to be the
first business to be resumed by the Senate this
morning, and I was on the floor to move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of it when I
was anticipated by the Senator'from Iowa. It
js only because I believe it to be of such urgent
^importance that I venture to move an amendment
to the motion of the Senator from Virginia, un-
less he will withdraw it, as I wish he would ;,and
that is, to substitute the unfinished business of
yesterday for the bill indicated by him.
Mr. CARLILE. That is not in order. I made
a similar motion the other day, and Llie President
mo tempore decided that it was not in order.
Mr. HOWE. I submit to the Chair whether
it in oider or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) In the impression of the Chair it
is; but if the permanent Presiding Officer has
decided otherwise, the Chair will follow that def
cision.
Mr. CARLILE. When the Senator from In-
diana [Mr. Hendricks] was struggling the other
day to take up the resolution in "regard to the
Wisconsin five per cent, fund, I moVed to amend
his motion by substituting this bill for the reso-
lution that he proposed to take up, and the Pres-
ident pro tempore of the'Senate decided that the
motion was not open to amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will rule as it has been ruled by the permanent
Presiding Officer, which is no doubt correct.
Mr. HOWE. Does the Chair rule my motion,
out of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does rule it out of order. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Virginia to postpone
all prior orders and proceed to the consideration of
the bill indicated by him.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were'ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I have only one word to say.
The issue in this case is between a private bill,a
bill confirming the titles to some land in the State
of California, on the one hand, and on thetither
the general Army appropriation bill, the most im-
portant and necessary bill that has been under the
consideration of the Senate during this session,
or which can possibly be under consideration; a
bill upon which we have already had three com-
mittees of conference, and which we are in danger
of losing unless we expedite aconclusion upon it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The business of the Sen-
ate cannot be expedited if we have to take up the
same question three or four times in the morning
hour instead of disposing it at once when taken
up. This bill has been before the Senate for some
time. In the first place, the Senator from Virginia
has sought to obtain the floor many times in order
to call it up, and th is is the third time that the ques-
tion has been brought before the Senate. It can be
disposed of I think in ten or fifteen minutes. We
could pass many bills in the hours and hours that
are consumed in this kind of debate upon the order
of business.
Mr. CARLILE. I desire to say in reply to
the Senator from Iowa that the bill to which he
refers will come up at one o'clock as a matter of
course; it is an appropriation bill, and there will
be no objection to its consideration at any time
after the expiration of the morning hour. It is
only within the morning hour that this bill can be
disposed of, and, in my opinion, it involves some-
thing more than a mere private claim—itinvolves
nothing more nor less, in my opinion, than the
faith of this nation.
Mr. CONN ESS. I think the " faith of this na-
tion" is very largely in favor of its defeat.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 12; as follows;
YE^S —Messrs. Bueltab'w, Oirlile, Conness, Cowan,
Doolittle, Harlan, Hams, Henderson, Hendiicks, Hicks,
•Johnson, I.ane o1 Kauris, Mcl>ou .UI, Nesinith, Pomeioy,
Powell, Iticliaidson, Sptagui', Van Winkle, Wade, and
VVilley—21.
NAYS— Messis. Anthony, Drown, Collftincr,Foot, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Howe, I.am; of Indiana, Morgan, Morrill,
Sumner.and tt'iNon—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Olaik, Davis, Dixon, Fes-
senden, Hate, llatding, Ilovvaid, Ramsi'y, Itiddte, Sauls-
bury, Shfrni'in, 'iVn- (iyotf. Trumbull, Wilkinson, and
Wright—16.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of thoMiill (S. No. 238)
to ascertain and settle certain puvate land claims
in the State of California, the pending question
being on the motion of Mr. Connkss that the
bill lie indefinitely postponed. .
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 have but a very few re-
marks to trouble the Senate, with upon this bill;
hut acroiding to my understanding of the case
for which it provides it presents a very simple
inquiry to the Senate.
The act of March 3, 1851, to which reference
has been made, provides for the manner in which
j all private claims to land are to be ascertained and
settled, anti diiects that all such claims as shall
not be presented within a limited time,'or which,
being presented, shall have been rejected finally,
shall be considered as apart of the public domain.
It applied the provision to what are called con-
summate as well as inchoate titles. Some doubt
has been expressed whether it was jp the power
of the Government under that treaty to takeaway
by'such a p'rovision, bemuse of-'tfre
claimantin presenting his claim, his title, if it was
a consummated title according to the Mexican
laws. But in the case of Frfimont and the Uoitftd
States—i speak now from recollection, but f am
sure I am right—the opinion of the court, wbieh
was given by the Chief Justice, states that it was
in the power of Congress to pass that provision,
because the provision was in the nature of."a Stat'-
ute of limitations; that they had a right to say ,
within what time all who should-be entitled, or
claim to be entitled, to landsunder Mexico should
present their claims for'examination and ultimate
decision; that however good the title might be,
however clear it was that if presented it would
have been confirmed, and however clear it would
have been that independent of the particular term
of the act of 1851 there would' have-been no ne-
cessity on the part of the claimant under any law
which the United Spates might pass to present
his claim for adjudication, still, as the l*iw was
passed, he who did not present his claim, although
it was a legal, absolute title, and hot an inchoate
or equitable title, would lose his land. That act
of 1851 contained a proviso, which is stated in a
report of the opinion given by the Supreme Court
of the United States in a case involving the title
to this land. That proviso is in these words!
" That Ifthe title of llie claimant to such lands shall be
contested by any other person, it shall and may be lawful
for such person to present a petition to the district judge
of the United States for the district in which the lands are
situated, plainly and distinctly setting forth his title thereto,
and praying the said judge to hearand determine the same}
a copy of which petition shall be served upon the adverse
party thirty days before the time appointed for hearing the
same. And it shall and mav be lawful for the district
judge, upon the hearing of such petition, to grant an in-
junction to restrain the party at whose instance tlie claim
to the said lands has been confirmed, from suing out a
patent for the same until the title thereto elmll have been
finally decided; acopyof which order shall he transmitted
to the Commissioner of the General Land Office; and there-
upon no patent shall issue until such decision has been
made," &c.
The land in dispute is claimed under two ori-
ginal or alleged original grantees, the one of them
named Ortega and the other Miranda. Ortega's
claim was presented. Miranda's claim was pre-
sented, but was afterwards withdrawn; but the
party who held Miranda's title, Mr. Valentine,
did what he supposed he had a right to do—he
fiitervened in the case between Ortega and the
United States.
Mr. CONNESS. When was that?
Mr. JOHNSON. Intervened at this time, or
rather thought he could intervene. I do not know
that he interfered in point of fact. He thought he
could intervene. But thete were differences of
opinion whether a party claiming adverse to him
whose claim had been presented could or could
not intervene under the authority of the act of
1851. Ortega's title was brought up lo the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and it was con-
tested upon the ground that in poult of fact the
title was in Miranda, the Attorney General who
represented the United States admitting that the
titte was in Miranda, if in anybody, and_ not in
Ortega. He admitted that there was no interest
in the United States. The court did not exactly
know what to do with the case as it stood. They
could not well have declared in favor of Ortega,
because in their judgment Ortega's claim was; an
invalid one. They could not decide against Or-
tega in that case by deciding in favor ol ihe United
States, which was the only mode in which they
could have decided against Ortega, because that
would have been to hold by the Supieme Court
that the title was in the United States, and, as the
Attorney General admitted that the title was not
! in the United States, it became necessary for the
I Supreme Court to avoid both consequences of
! either of the alternative decisions. They did it
j by returning the case .to the district court to be
j disposed of; and in the opinion of Mr. Justice
|i Grier, a copy of which I hold in my hand, he
j; cites the provision in the act of 1851, to which I
ij have adverted,and under which it was supposed
II by some that Miranda, or uny third party claim-
log title to the land claimed by the individual
j! claimant before the court, could have intervened,
,, and after referring to that proviso the court pro-
; ceed to say:
j, It appears fioin the record that Valentine, who pur-
Ji chased the title ot Miranda at sla-ritfss sale, had filed lua-
claim before the lioaid of eo,av.lusejotrers for confirmation"
' and afterwards withdrew bte petition, SOW, if Mlmodbor
I; Ms'assignee makes po 9lyi',n, if he admits the tenancy
