1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
845
on the 26th of February 1862, with her crew and
freight; and that the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to communicate the resolution to Commo-
dore Ringgold, and through him to the officers and
men under his command.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, demanded the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENLISTMENTS IN SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on Military Affairs, re-
ported back House bill No. 261, to provide for the
voluntary enlistment of any persons, residents of
certain States, into the regiments of other States,
and demanded the previous question.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman will withdraw
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Certainly.
Mr. COX. If I understand the bill, it allows
the reciuiting agents of certain States to go into
other States where the draft has not obtained.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. That is Lhe purport
of it.
Mr. COX. I understand that credit is to be
given to the State where the recruiting takes place.
I do not know that I will object to it, but I do
think notice ought to be given to the different
State Executives thata system of recruiting is now
going on unjust and unfair to some of the States.
1 have been informed by my colleague [Mr.
Finck] that two regiments recruited arid called
Tennessee regiments belong really to the State of
Ohio, and I have a letter from an officer of the
Army that the same thing is being done near this
city.
Mr. DAWES. Is the bill before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The evil of which
the gentleman complains has nothing to do with
the bill before the House. If there is any action
necessauy to prevent the evil of which he com-
plains, he ought to introduce a bill. I believe the
law as it now exists would amply prevent the
troops of Ohio from being enlisted into the troops
of another State. I believe such is the law or
order of the Departmentat the present time. But
this bill names certain States—Virginia, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Texas—
as the States in which persons resident there may
be enlisted in the regiments of other States; and i
it provides that those States, or the subdivisions !
of those Status, procuring the enlistments in the
States named, may have the men credited to them
on the diaft.*
This action will be beneficial to the Union peo-
ple of those rebel States, for the reason that it
will enable them to support their families. The
men the^re who want to go into our Army have
no means of doing so, and if they do go in, they
have no means of supporting their families. Un-
der this bill those mm can get the local and State
bounties as well as those of the General Govern-
ment, ami that will provide a fund out of which
their families can be supported, white men as well
as black. They will thus cease to be a charge
upon the General Government. I conclude, from
every point of view, that this provision will en-
able us to largely increase our armies.
Mr. COX. I refer to this matter because I be-
lieve the law, as it stands at present, is sufficient
to prevent such enlistments; but the trouble is,
the War Departnienteither suffers its ofiicersor is
itself engaged m taking troops from other States
and putting them into regiments from States where
they pay more bounties. I think pel haps it would
be well in this bill to insert a provision providing
that this law shall apply to no States cxcept those
enumerated in the act.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri- If cannot apply to
any other State.
Mr. COX. There is a sort of swindling op-
eration going on in this business. I want the in-
formation, at least, to go to the country that the
War Depnrtmentis notdoing right in this matter
in certain States. I havea'communication in my
hands from which I will read:
" Agents from Troy, New York, have induccd the elev-
enth, twelfth, seventeenth, and po^'bly other regular in-
fantry regiments to retinhet, and to  iv« the credit of their
recoupment to Rensselaer county, New Yoik.
" The bounty offered, including the Government bounty,
is $852; local bounty paid down, $-300. The men of the
eleventh and seventeenth infantry who have reeulistPd have
been paid. Those of the tweUtii infantry are to be paid next
week.
u Iri the regular brigade several hundred men are from
Ohio—the greater p'trt of them from the West. The exnot
number I would not state without examining the regi-
mental rolls.
fl Mustering officers inform me that local recruiting agents
induce either regulars or volunteers from any State or
county to reSnlibtand accept their local bounties whenever
and wherever they can."
Now, no credit is given to the State from which
those people come, i do not wish to embarrass
the bill of the gentleman, but I desire to have no-
tice given to the War Department that we want
fair play, at least toward the States of the West
who are thus treated.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I know that is the
existing law at the present time, and if the Sec-
retary of War disregards the law there is a way
of making him regard it. But I do not believe
the insertion of that provision in this bill is neces-
sary. I know of thousands of men in the service
in Missouri regiments who were credited to Illi-
nois. All the members from Illinois must be fa-
miliar with the facts. At one time we were pre-
pared to raise troops in Missouri, and because
Illinois men could not get into the service in their
own State they came over to Missouri and en-
listed; and they were credited to Illinois.
Mr. FINCK, In connection with this discus-
sion I desire to state to the House that the dis-
trict I represent is the one to which my colleague
[Mr. Cox] has refened. 1 have been advised by
letter from that district that the seventeenth and
thirty-first Ohio regiments have reenlisted and
been credited to the State of Tennessee, thereby
depriving that section of the State of the large
number of men comprised within those two regi-
ments.
i placed that letter in the hands of the Provost
Marshal General. He promised me thathe would
refer the letter to the Solicitor of the War Depart-
ment, and have a decision on the case. The pro-
vost marshal of the district, I am informed, does
not think he is authorized to ctedit these men to
the quota of the district without an order from the
War Department. I think it would be an act of
great injustice toOhio, and especially to that por-
tion of the State in which these men leside, and
whose families are entitled to the provisions made
by Ohio for the support of the families of volun-
teers, if they should be credited to the State of
Tennessee. I have prepared a resolution on this
subject, asking information from the Secretary of
War, which I will, at the proper time, introduce;
and I hope we shall be abh* to apply some remedy,
if it should turn out that Ohio soldiers arc being
enlisted by and credited to other States. What we
wish, sir, isthatcitizens of Ohio who are engaged
in the mihtaiy service of the United States shall
be credited to that State; and if the present legis-
lation does not fully cffectuate that pui pose, then
I trust we will make suitable provision to carry
out what seems to commend itself by its fairness
and equality among the several States.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. This matter has no
application to the bill now bufoie the House. That
matter is already piovided for by law; and this
bill only permits the sevtial States to recruit in
the rebel States.
Mr. WADS WORTH. Mr. Speaker, I wish,
with the permission of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, to express my dissent from this bill. I
have heretofore, by voice and vote, explained the
position I occupy on the subject of negro enlist-
ments. I do not now propose to say anything
upon that subject. But tins bill embodies a new
featuie. it authorizes the people of other States
to recruit iui then quotas in rebel States. Hitherto
the legislation of thocountiy has not gone to that i
extent, and I do not think it ought to go that far.
These States owe military service to this Gov-
ernment as much as any other States, as fast as
our authouty is extended over them. Such of their
citizens, and if you choose to include in that their
negroes, as enlist in the Aimy of the United States
ought to be ciedited upon the quotas of the States
to'which they belong; nor ought we to tolerate
this thing of States with money, States engaged
in trade an'd commerce, with Carthaginian souls,
going into other States and buying their men, in-
stead of furnishing their own men tofilltheirown
quotas. Those States which have no money to
expend in this way must-furnish their freemen.
The rich man is to buy a rebel negro, to serve
with the poor white man—that is the policy. We
do not want States when they are called upon to
furnish troops to be allowed to go toother States
and there furnish their quotas upon Carthaginian
principles. I prefer the white man of New Eng-
land for a soldier to any negro in America; he is
a nobler and better guardian of our flag and honor.
The way of making war by purchasing the blood
and muscle of other lands with money may suc-
ceed, but history is against it. A State that de-
pends upon the people of other States to do its
fighting in the long run will be a loser by it.
States with money that are able to subsidize a peo-
ple that have soldiers, or to form alliances with
States that have soldiers, may triumph in a long1
war, and it has been done; but, sir,in that strug-
gle for preeminence which is inevitable in an as-
sociation of commonwealths like this of ours,
States that depend upon the people of other States
to do their fighting will at last detline and go
down, and they ought to go down. If gentlemen
are determined to piosecute this policy of bring-
ing a subjcct race into this contest upon every
principle that degrades a people, to bring them
into a contest in which they have no interest in
the world, on the principles of the very individ-
uals who claim to bring them into it, at all events
do not let them go to the extent of saying that
the inhabitants recruited in one State shall be cred-
ited to the quota of another State.
I am prepared, sir, to give a candid and hearty
support to this Government in the prosecution of
the war against armed rebellion. I am prepared
to see that my State does her whole duty in the
contest, but I must now protest, as I have before
done, against the whole polic.y ofarmingthe negro
and bringing him into this contest. Atall events,
let gentlemen be honest and candid. If they will
arm the negro they are logically bound to recog-
nize his freedom and equality. They cannot as
they now do deny him all claim to recognition in
this war, all claims to political recognition and
social recognition, and yet call upon him to shed
his blood m this war, to exchange one state of
slavery for another equally odious, if not far more
odious. Who could have any respect for a race
of people that would freely give its blood in a con-
test like this to uphold the integrity and honor of
the country when they are to have no part nor
lot in the privileges of that country ? I have been
amazed at the claim set up that a slave owes mil-
itary service to the Government—a Government
that denies him all the rights of a citizen.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I
yielded to the gentleman for a discussion of this
bill, but I must claim the floor because the gen-
tleman is discussing a policy which has already
been decided by the House. There is no new
policy in this bill.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I think the gentleman
is mistaken. I incidentally refer to these ques-
tions. I have not risen to discuss them. I am
sorry the gentleman interrupts me—at all events
in the middle of a sentence. I do not know how
disagreeable the views I am presenting may be
to the gentleman, when I am deprecating calling
upon the African to fight for the honor of our flag
and to picserve our national integrity, and yet de-
nying him all the rights and privileges of a citizen.
I would scorn to do it. When 1 want him to
come in to help me to preserve the country, I will
invite him upon terms of equality, if he is fit to
fight with me he is fit to vote and hold office with
me, and to enjoy all the rights of citizenship, I
hope the people of Kentucky will always be
ashamed to hold the negro in slavery, yet call upon
him to render the highest and noblest service due
to a State, basely skulking from duty themselves.
Hence it is that I condemn the whole policy of
aiming negroes. Hence it is that I advise Ken-
tucky, when she is called on for soldiers, to fur-
nish free men. The people of a State who are
willing to do the voting for slaves and negroes
must aiso do the fighting for slaves and negroes,
else they are degraded.
But, sir, I rose to protest against this new feat-
