264
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 17,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
qtkI the officers "and soldiers under his co'm'mand
for the skill, courage, and endurance which com-
pelled tht* surrender of Port Hudson, and thus
removed the last obstruction to the free naviga-
tion of the Mississippi river.
Approved, January 28, 1&64.
No. 8.—A Resolution of Thanks to Major Gen-
eral Ambrose E. Burnside and the Officers and
Men who fought urider'his command.'
Resolved by the Senate and -House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congress be, and
they hereby are, presented to Major General
Ambrose E. Burnside, and through him to the
officers and men who have fought under his com-
mand, for their gallantry, good conduct, and sol-
dierlike endurance.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
President of the United States be requested to
cause the foregoing resolution to be communicated
to Major General Burnside in such terms as he
may deem best calculated to give effect thereto.
Approyhd, January 28, 1864.
No. 9.—A Resolution expressive of the Thanks
of Congress to Major General Joseph Hooker,
Major General George G. Meade, Major Gen-
eral Oliver 0. Howard, and the Officers and
Soldiers of the Army of the Potomac.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That that the gratitude of the Ameri-
can people and the thanks of their representatives
in Congress are due, and are hereby tendered, to
Major General Joseph Hooker and the officers
and soldiers of the army of the Potomac, for the
skill, energy, and endurance which first covered
Washington and Baltimore from the meditated
blow of the advancing and noweiful army of reb-
els led by General Robert E. Lee, and to Major
General George G. Meade, Major General Oliver
O. Howard, and the officets and soldiers of that
army, for the skill and heroic valor which at
Gettysburg repulsed, defeated, and drove ba<-k,
broken and dispirited, beyond the Rappahan-
nock, the veteran army of the rebellion.
Approved, January 28, 1864.
No. 10.—A Resolution presenting the Thanks of
Congress to Cornelius Vaudurbilt for a Gift of
the Steamship Vanderbilt.
Whereas Cornelius Vanderbilt, of New York,
did, duung the spring of eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, make a. free gift to his imperiled coun-
try of his new and stanch steamship Vander-
bilt, of five thousand tons burden, built by him
with the greatest care, of the best material, at a
cost of.eight hundred thousand dollars, winch
steamship has ever since been actively employed
m the service of the republic against the rebel
devastations of her commerce; and whereas the
said Cornelius Vanderbilt has in no manner
sought any lequital of this magnificent gift, nor
any official recognition thereof: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congress be pre-
sented to Cornelius Vanderbilt for this unique
manifestation of a fervid and lurgc-souled pam-
ousm.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
President of the United States be requested to
cause a gold medal to be struck, which shall fitly
embody an attestation of the nation's gratitude
for this gift; which medal shall be forwaided to
Cornelius Vanderbilt, a copy of it being made
and deposited for preservation in the Library of
Congress.
Approved, January 28, 1864.
No. 11.—A Resolution in relation to the Public j
Printing.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the second section of the joint
resolution approved Match thud, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, be, and the same is hereby,
repeated; and that the Superintendent of Public
Pt-muig be dnecced to print hereafter seven hun
dred copies of rvery bill or joint resolution or-
dered or required to be printed by either the Senate
or the House of Representatives, under any rule
of either House, unless some other number be
specially required by the House ordering the
same.
Approved, February 3, 1864.
No. 12.—Joint Resolution tendering the Thanks
of Congress to Major General W. T. Sher-
man.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of ike United Slates of Americain Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congress and of the
people of the United States are due, and that the
same are hereby tendered, to Major General Wr,
T. Sherman, commander of the department and
army of the Tennessee, and the officers and sol-
diers who served under him, for their gallantand
arduous services in marching to the relief of the
army of the Cumberland, and for their gallantry
and heroism in the battle of Chattanooga, which
contributed m a great degree to the success of our
arms in that glorious victory.
Approved, Febiuary 19, 1864.
No. 14.—Jo'int Resolution making Appropria-
tion for the Payment of Taxes on certain
Lands owned by the United States.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That to pay taxes on lands owned by
the United Stales, the sum of twenty thousand
dollais, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out.of
any money in theTreasury not otherwise appro-
priated; and the Secietary of the Treasury is
hereby directed to report to Congress upon what
lands such taxes may be paid, and the amount
so paid.
Approver February 22, 18G4.
No. 15.—*A Resolution relative to the Transfer
of Persons m the Military Service to the Naval
Service.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, First: That the Provost Marshal Gen-
eral be, and is hereby, directed to enlist such per-
sons as may desire to enter into the naval service
of the United States, under such directions as may
be given by the Secretary of War and the Secie-
tary of the Navy, which enlistments shall be
credited to the appropriate district: Provided, nev-
ertheless, That inasmuch as persons enlisted in
the naval service receive prize money, persons so
enlisting shall notbeentitled to receiveanybounty
upon their enlistment. Second: That the Presi-
dent of the United States may, whenever in his
judgment the public service requires, authorize
and direct the transfer of persons who have been
employed in sea service, and are now enlisted in
regiments for land service, from such regiments
to the naval service, upon such terms and accord-
ing to such rules and regulations as he maypre-
scnbe: Provided, nevertheless, That the number
of transfers from any company or regiment shall
not be so groat as to reduce such company or
legimcnt below the minimum strength icquired
by the regulations of the military service: And
provided further. That such sum as may have been
paid to persons so transferred, as bounty for en-
tering into the military service, shall be trans-
ferred from the recruiting fund of the naval ser-
vice to the credit of the proper appropriation for
the land service.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That there
shall be paid to each enlisted able or ordinary sea-
man, hereafter enlisted into the naval service, an
advance of three months' pay, as a bounty to be
refunded to theTreasury from any prize money
to which such enlisted man may be entitled.
Approved, February 24, 18G4.
No. 16.—Joint Resolutions of Thanks of Con-
gress to the Volunteer Soldiers who have reen-
hsted in the Army.
Be it resolved by the Senate a7id House of Repre-
sentatives of the Umted States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the \ hanks of C on "tops are hereby
given to those noble and brave men who, having
already so gallantly endured the hardships and
perils of war, for more than two years, in sup-
port of their country's flag, present the sub-
lime spectacle of again voluntarily enrolling them-
selves in the Army of theUniorifbr another three
yeais' campaign, or so long as the war shall con-
tinue.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the Sec-
retary of War cause these resolutions to be read
to each of the veteran regiments who have reen-
listed, or shall reenlist, in both the volunteer and
regular forces of the United States.
Approved, March 3, 1864.
No. 17.—Joint Resolution to continue the Pay-
ment of Bounties.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled. That the bounties authorized to be paid
under existing laws, and by regulations and or-
ders of the War Depaitment, to veterans reen-
listing, or persons enlisting in the regular or vol-
unteer service of the United States for three years,
or during the war, shall contin[ue] to be paid
from the first day of March, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, to the first day of April, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, anything in any law or
regulation to the contrary notwithstanding; the
said bounties to be paid out of any moneys al-
ready appropriated for such purposes.
Approved, March 3, 1864.
ISTo. 18.—A Resolution of Thanks of Congress
to Commodore Cadwalader Ringgold, the Offi-
cers, and Crew of the United States Ship
"Sabine."
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congress are here-
by tendered to Commodore Ringgold, the officers,
petty officers, and men of the United States ship
" Sabine," for the daring and skill displayed in
rescuing the crew of the steam transport " Gov-
ernor," wrecked in a gale on the first day of No-
vember, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, having
on board a battalion of United States marines under
the commalTd of Major John G. Reynolds, and
in the search for, and rescue of, the United States
line-of-battle ship " Vermont," disabled in a gale
upon the twenty-sixth of February last, with her
crew and freight.
Sec. 2. And be it farther resolved, Thpt the Sec-
retary of the Navy be directed to communicate the
foregoingresolution to Commodore Ringgold, and
through him to the officers and men under his
command.
Approved, March 7, 1864.
No. 20.—Joint Resolution to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to anticipate the Payment
of Interest on the Public Debt, and fur other
purposes.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
authorized to anticipate the payment of interest
on the public debt, by a period not exceeding one
year, from time to time, either with or without
a rebate of interest upon the coupons, as to him
may seem expedient; and he is hereby author-
ized to dispose of any gold in the Treasury of
the United States not necessary for the payment
of interest of the public delSt: Provided, That
the obligation to create the sinking fund accord-
ing to the act of February twenty-fifth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, shall not be impaired
thcieby.
Approved, March 17, 1864.
No. 21.—A Joint Resolution authoi izmgthe Issue
of a Register to the Steamer " Mohawk."
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, authorized to issue an Ameiican
register to the Canadian-built steamer " Mo-
hawk,"now owned by Warren Chapman, George
Parmi'lee, and MatthiasTeetzel, of S.uni Joseph,
in the State of Michigan: Provided, Tkat nothing
