846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
ure of permitting people with money in one State
to go into other Slates and purchase soldiers in-
stead of furnishing their own soldiers. What
guarantee have we of the good behavior of States
like that, if they grow rich by war, as the East
is doing by tiiis war, and be allowed to purchase
soldiers of other States? Will they not grow fond
of war? Will they ever want to see the war term-
inated? If while the war lasts they can declare
dividends often percent, in gold each six months
on their industrial enterprises and lay by a large
improvement and reserve fund, as many are now
doing, and then be allowed to purchase the thews
and sinews of the people of other States, will they
ever want to give up war? And if war shall be-
come a habit, will they not by and by enslave the
rest of the States? The bill proposes, sir, to let
some of the States keep their labor at home and
grow rich and powerful by the war while other
States are wasted, depopulated,and impoverished.
Let us require each State to furnish its own men,
whether they be black or white.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, i wish to reply to
some of the remarks of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. I do not hold with him that this is a war
between certain States and certain other States.
It is a war between the Government of the coun-
try and men in rebellion against it. I believe that
we can as well employ a loyal man from the South
in a Massachusetts regiment as to have the regi-
ment entirely filled with Massachusetts men. I
know very well from what I have seen myself
that there are thousands of men in the southern
States anxious and willing to go into the service
of the Government; but as yet there has been no
provision made by which their families can be
taken care of; and if they do join the Army, they
leave their families unprotected and unprovided
for. These men have no bounties from the Gen-
eral Government, and of com so have none from
their States. Thousands on thousands of loyal
men could be had to enter the service, if there
weie only bounties provided for them to support
their families dining their absence. I do not
agree with the gentleman from Kentucky that
we should not avail ourselves of the courage and
vigor of those loyal men of the South to assist in
fighting our battles. It is moie their battle than
it is that of Massachusetts. The loyal men of
the South have more interest in upholding the
Government than the men of the North have, for
they have felt the dire effects of the war more than
the people of the northern States. 1 do not be-
lieve that there is war between Massachusetts and
South Caiolina. I do not concuY with the g  n-
tleman in any such sentiment, nor in any of the
consequences that How from it. That is the very
doctnne that made tins war—the Suites rights
doctrine run mad.
Mr. .T. C. ALLEN". 1 desire to make a sug-
gestion.
Mr. HLAIR, of iYIusouti. I yield to the gen-
tleman fiom Illinois for that puipose; but I give
notice that I will mo\u the piewous question be-
fore my hour expires.
Mr. J. C.ALLEN. I simply desire to suggest
to (he gentleman from Missoun, whether it would
not he hotter to let the Union men of these rebel
States organize themselves there and make a mi- i
cleus around which the Union sentiment of thoKC
States might rally. Would it not he better to do
that than to take away the Union men and attach
them to the regiments of other States? It strikes
me that the very best way to put down the rebel-
lion is to rally the Union sentiment of the south-
ern States, and make piowaiou to pay bounties
to these men as regular soldiers. Let us male a
rallying point of the Union sentiment there, and
let the people of the northern States furnish their
own quotas.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will say in reply
to the gentleman from Illinois, that that can be
done now, and that it has been done to some ex-
tent in North Carolina. Rut this is a more effi-
cacious mode to provide for giving them laiger
bounties, becausc it adds to the bounty of the
United States the local bounties. I am'in favor
of their getting the largest bounty, because I want
their families well provided for. I renew the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Certainly, I with-
draw the demand for the pievious question.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
make a statement to the House m regard to this
bill. It refers to a matter of which I have prac-
tical knowledge. The only regiment of white
men raised in any of the States mentioned in this
resolution was raided mainly by officers under
my command in the summer of 1S62, and raised
in three days. As my command was passing
from Corinth, Mississippi, to Decatur, Alabama,
I learned that in the range of the Sand mountains
to the south of us, the caves and fastnesses were
filled with Union men, men who had stood out
against the rebellion and the conscription agents,
and successfully defended themselves against
every attack and attempt to force them into the
rebel service. I sent Colonel Streight (now out
of Libby prison, I hope,) with his command, and
in three days he raised nearly four hundred men.
A woman who lived in those mountains came to
us to ask that these men might enlist. Women
brought in husbands, sons, and brothers. One
woman brought thirty-five men who immediately
enlisted in the service.
I tell you that I have never seen Union men
like those in the mountains stretching from the
sand hills of Mississippi to Georgia, Tennessee,
and Virginia. The hills swarmed with Union
men, true and good; and this proposition is that
those who cannot receive bounty, for whom there
is no organization, where there is no arrangement
by which they can receive commissions or raise
regiments, that the States which have money to
pay for volunteers may come and pay bounties
and enlist these men, that the bounty may go to
the maintenance of their families. It seems to
me that there is no proposition which has yet
come before the House which has had more solid
sense and wise statesmanship. It provides not
only that those men shall be protected and their
families taken care of, hut that the Union senti-
ment shall be strengthened and promulgated
throughout the rebel States.
To the bill before the House the only objection—
except the eveilasting black one which comes up
always when anything is offered for the good of
the country and to suppress the rebellion—was
that presented by the gentleman on the other side,
that it would be unjust to the poorer States who
cannot compete with the richer ones in getting
volunteers. It does not wiong me that my neigh-
bor is more prospcious than I. Ilis prosperity
dees not make me any the less prosperous. If I
do nothing for myself I will not oppose his ad-
vancement. IfMassachusctts is richerthan Ohio
in piopoition to its population I will not rail at
that State for getting more Union men ofthc South
into the Army than Ohio docs. Such State jeal-
ousy is unmanly, and unworthy a great people
engaged in a ureal cause. I am glad that we have
lich States able and willing to pay bounties to the
men of Georgia and Alabama, and thus help to
swell the ranks of our Army. 1 hope the bill
will pass.
Mr. BL AIR, ofMissoun. I must take the floor.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman to yield to me
to move an anieiidne'nt.
Mr. JiLAIR, of Miseouii. Certainly.
Air. COX. I move to add the following:
^Lid (in theTint when onlMnu'nr* s-hall be
mad': ui am ■-ohliei, eithet in or out of any ^i.ite, except
tho e enumeialed herein, full eircht shall be given to the
State to wIikIi lilt; enlisted solditi In long-.
Air. BLAIR, of Missouii, demanded the pre-
vious question.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
mom question ordeicd.
The amendment was adopted.
The bill was oidered to be engrossed and read
a thud time; and being engrossed,it was accord-
ingly lead the third time.
Air. WADSWORTII demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the niliimative—yeas 82, nays 44; as follows:
YEAr*—Me'-sis. AI!c\, A>ne>, Andt i.-osi, Arnold, A«h-
Iny, John D liaUlivvn, iSeiunan, Fiance l\ jBlan,
Jacob ]?. Blan\ Blow. Boimvel!, Bo_\d, Brandf^ee, Wil -
; ham G. Biown. Ambrose W. Clai k, Pi'eeman Claike, Cobb,
Cole, l)awe->, Daw .-on. Dcnmnir, Donnelly. Diis/a^, Duiuont,
' Hekiey, Eliot, EmcIim'i, Fenton, Fiauk, Caifwld. Uooch,
! Grimiell, Grewold. Hale, Highy, Hooper, John II. Hub-
I bard, Jenckt"?, Julian, Kollev, Etaneis W. Kellop", Louij-
| yeai, Maivin, MeAlhsttr, lMoRnde, MeUlur*?, Mofndoo,
j Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead,Moiriil, Daniel Morris, Amos
! MyertJ, Leonard Myers, Norton, Odell, Peiham, Pike,
Price, William II. Randall, Alexandei H. Itice, Schenck,
Seofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Smithers, Spalding,
Stair, John 15. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Tracy,
Upson, Van Valkenburgli, Eiihu 13. Wa-<hburne, William
B. Washburn, Wbaley, Williams, Wilder, Winficki, and'
Woodbridge—82.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, BJiss,Brooks,Ohanlei, Clay, CofFroth, Cox, Den-
ni^on, Eden, Eldrutge, Finck, Gnn&on, Grubn, Hauling,
Harrington, Henick, Hutchms, William Johnson, Kalb-
tlei^ch, Knapp, Law, Lous, Mallory, Marcy, McDowell,
McKinney, William II, Milkr, Morrison, Nelson, Noble,
Pendleton,Robinson,Ross. Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat,
Thomas, Voorhees, Wads worth, Webster, and Chilton A.
White—44.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr..MORRILL stated that his colleague, Mr.
Baxter, was detained from the House by illness.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. Has the morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privilege.
CAPTURES MADE BY ARMED VESSELS.
Mr. FENTON. Will the gentleman give way
until I can ask the House to refer a bill to the
Committee on Naval Affairs?
Mr. DAWES. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill in relation to captures made by armed
vessels in the service of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
"WAGON KOAD.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Will the gentle-
man from Massachusetts yield to me a moment?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill providing foi the construc-
tion of a wagon road fiom the Missouri liver to
Virginia City, in the Territory of Idaho; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
V1STEUAN VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. FINCK. I ask unanimous consent to in-
troduce a resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I will hear it.
Mr. FINCK asked unanimous consent to in-
troduce tho following resolution:
Rejoiced, That the Seei etaiy of War be dueeted to re-
port to tint. Ilou&e what number of vetoian volunteers in
the seiviee of the United States have lebnhsted in stieh
service, and how many, and from what Slates &ucli veter-
ans. have been lceiili^ted, and to what particular Stale or
Stales nf which they aie non-ie^dents any of such veter-
anh have been credited, and the number tlieieof.
Mr. DAWES. I am afiaid the result of that
resolution will be to give more valuable informa-
tion to the enemy than to us; and I must object,
unless it is modified.
Mr. FINCK. I will state the purpose of the
lesolution. I desire to know the number of veter-
ans in my own State that have rcenhsted in other
States.
Mr. DAWES. The information is desirable,
1 admit; but 1 do not think it proper that it should
be made public. The gentleman can get that in-
formation at the War Department.
Air. MALLORY. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will not object, but that the reso-
lution be introduced, and then we can amend it.
Mr. WASHBURN hi, of Illinois. I suggest
that the resolution be amended by inserting the
words "if not incompatible with the public in-
terest. "
Mr. FINCK. I accept that modification.
Mr. MALLORY. I would like to have it
amended so as to inquire under what authority
and by what law this thing is done.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
that it be also modified so as to substitute the
President of the United States in place of the Sec-
retary of War; and that "requested" be substi-
tuted for directed."
Air. FINCK. I have no objection to that.
The resolution as modified was introduced,
read, consideied, and agreed to.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution was adopted; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
