I«92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
no banks. This is a question of Government
ror ho Government. It is very well known to
%very Senator on this floor that wc must have
"mon£y to carry on this great Government, or it
will go down. The question i<a not of nrinn, nor.
"'of war material, but ic is a question of money, of
Government. The Secretary of the Treasury
'comes before us and tells us that this bill is neces-
sary to carry on the financial operations of the
'Government.- Shall wc give Irim what he tells
jas is absolutely essential, or shall we not? The
Secretary told me himself last night that my po-
sition was perfectly correct; that this amendment
■wouldkill the bill. The Comptroller of the Cur-
rency tells me the same thing, and myowncom-
'hion sense tells me the same thing. Then shall
we kill the hill or shall we not?
■ " The Senator from Maine said last night that he
was in favor of the proposition limiting the tax-
ation oh the United States bonds to one and a
-half per cent, in an emergency. Sir, has there
'ever been a greater emergency than there is to-
day in this Government? We are not receiving
for the sale of our ten-forties more than half the
daily expenditures of the Government. Is it not
fbi; the interest of the Government now, to-day,
to hold out every inducement possible to .bring
banks and bankers and men of wealth, the poor
and the rich, to take the bonds of the Govern-
"rnent? What greater inducement can you hold
out than that they shall never be taxed beyond
a certain percentage named? You have already
-given that pledge.
The Senator from Vermont says that a man
owning the bank stock does not own the bonds.
Suppose five men holding $20,000 apiece should
establish a bank of $100,000t each one turning
over his $20,000 to the bank. Who owns those
<20,000? Strictly and technically, perhaps, they
do not; they are the propeity of the bank; but
•realty they are just as much the property oF the
individuals as they were before. They can wind
up the bank to-morrow or the next day or any
other day and take back their bonds, and then-
they are exempt from taxation.
The Senator from Vermont says (hat pel haps
the people in a township will be called upon to
work on the highways, to build school-houses,
nod to build bridges; audio and behold! the rich-
est man in the community is not on the tax list.
Suppose the richest man in that township owns.
#100,OOOin Govern mentsixes,and no more, would
his name appear on the tax-list? Would he be
called upon to work on the highways? Certainly
not, because he is exempt; he pays one and a halt
per cent, tax, and no more, and cannot be called
upon for anymore. We,in an emergency of the
Government, to save the Government, oulained,
and I believe wisely ordained, that no further tax
should be laid on those bonds than one and a half
per cent., and those bonds are exempt froni town,
city, county, and municipal taxation. Slates do
the same tliinjr. Stales sequester property. Take
theState of Michigan, for instance. The gov-
ernment of that Stale is supported by a special
taxation upon banks and railroad corporations
and mining corp<yations and other corporations.
Tile taxes are comparatively nothing; but all those
6orpoiaiions are exempted fiotn municipal taxa-
tion. The same hardship exists there that exists
here, precisely.
Now, m this great emergency, shall we hesitate
to take what is necessary to save the Go vorn ment?
It we cannot raise money without limiting the
taxation to one and a half per cent,, shall we not
do that? If there is any other given thing that
_ is necessary to support this great Government,
shall we not do it? Sir, I have not got the " C011-
stuu'ion on the brain." 1 believe that this great
Government has got the power of salvation within
it. i believe that it is constitutional tu do what-
ever is requisite to save the Constitution ami the
Government. Some men who have the " Con-I
Stituiion on the brain" cannot do anything to save I
the Government. I have not that, thank God. 1
Mr. JOHNSON. J think that Maryland has '
some twelve or thirteen million dollars invested I
in bank stock, and she has a very heavy debt. It j
was a very heavy debt before the war commenced- ,
but, in common with her sistei Slates, she has
since incieased ir, or father it will be increased
very materially; and to exempt from taxation the 1
whole amount of that §12,(100,000 would very
sa'ach cripple her ability to pay the interest or the
principal of that debt. It is t-ruc that the capital
which she has invested now in bank stock is liable
to taxation, because those banks are chartered by
the State and can claim no exemption under any
law of the United States as they now stand; but
it is very ceuain that the corporators of those
institutions will, looking to their own interest,
speedily come to this ban king system, as proposed
by the present bill; and if they do, as 1 think is
almost certain, and if, what is equally certain, a
large portion of our moneyed men invest their capi-
tal in the same way, a very considerable portion
of the wealth of the State will find its way into
these banks and be exempt from taxation.
Mr. President, I am as anxious to sustain the
Government as any citizen can be, and will sus-
tain it in every possible way in which I think it
can be sustained; but at the same time I feel it to
be my duty to protect the interest of the States;
for, however important the Government of the
United States is to the well-being of the whole
country, I think it can be demonstrated by the
past, and is to be found now dcmonstiated by the
experience ofthe present,thattlmtprosperity very
much depends upon ihe prosperity of the States
which form the Union.
But it is an entirely erroneous view to suppose
that by reserving the right to tax these banks to
the States, which I understand to be done by the
amendment proposed by the Committee on Fi-
nance, in common with ail the other property
which the State may tax, it is in any way to crip-
ple the taxing power of the United States. Noth-
ing can be more clear, i think, than that if the
bubjt ct of concurrent taxation turns out not to be
adequate to do more than meet the tax imposed
by the United States, that tax is to be first paid.
If it is unequal to the lax which the States may
impose, their right to collect that tax is to be
exercised only after the United States shall have
received from the same object of taxation the
whole amount of us own taxation. That arises
from the piovismn <>f the Constitution, which is
therein words, and whith would be there inde-
pendent of express words, that the laws of the
United States shall be .supreme,and the effect of
that provision applies as well to laws of taxation
as to any otherkinds of laws. It necessarily fol-
lows, therefote, that the principle which [ have
stated is correct, that (to illustrate it by the par-
ticular subject under consideration) if these banks
cannot do more than answer the taxation imposed
by the Unit'-d States, they will not and cannot be
bound, because of their inability to pay, to pay the
taxation which the States mny impose.
But, .nii , I think th(> iiie.u 111.stcike,if this bank-
ing system is to oneiate so ativantageously as its
fuends suppose—find 1 am not here to deny but
that it will have a very beneficial operation—is to
suppose that these banks will nor he able ro meet
all the taxation of the State and of the United
States. In the first place, if it answers the pur-
pose at all, m a short time there will be no other
banking system. The very uniformity which the
currency will have will give it such an immense
advantage over every other banking system that
in the couise of time, and of ..onipaiauvely a very
short tune, all other banks will have gone oat of
existence; and if that should be the case, judg-
ing by the pxat, it is very easy to see that the
profits of these institutions will be abundantly
able to meet all taxation cither by the State or by
the United States,
The honm-abie Senator from Michigan talks
about his m-ver luuing the disease which he has
so well elrara<u,nized as Constitution on tne
brain." So far from that being a disease, it is
what we have sworn to have, if it be a disease at
nil. We have t ik< n an oath to suppoi t the Con-
stitution as it i>, to '..ohm* H notatall undcruuy
ciiLUm^iance.i, and I do not understand whatthe
honorable member means by raying for himself
that he is exempt from that particular d.seise. If
he i-s exempt ftom that disease, he has dischai ged
himself entiiciy of the obligation which he as-
sumed when he became a number of tins body,
of supporting the Constitution as it is. If tne
honorable iji'.mher means—and be can mean noth-
ing else—thst lie is for giving a libeial construc-
tion to the Constitution lor canying out ail its
poweis as far as it is hecesfeary to do so for the
benefit of the country at lai ge, be and I entertain
in that respect the same opinion; and if, by the
Constitution as it is, looking to its history and
looking to its words, it be clear, as I submit it is
in my judgment, that every Species of property
was supposed to be left to State taxation as well
as to the taxation of the United States, with the
single exception of the particular taxation referred
to by the honorable member from Vermont,then
he who takes from the States the right to tax what
the Constitution leaves them the right to tax, wars
against the Constitution, sins against it.
But there is another consideration, Mr. Presi-
dent, which weighs with me even if the power
existed, if I concurred with the Senator from
Michigan; and it is this, that at all times, and
more especially^ this period, it is all-important
that the Government of the United States should
receive the cordial support of the people of the
States. If it becomes unpopular with the States,
or to speak more accurately, with the people of
the States, its power for usefulness is at an end;
a result ruinous almost at any time, but at this
time fatally ruinous. This war is not at an end;
and how long it is to continue no one can tell.
What sacrifices it is to cost is in the womb of
time. What may be the increased magnitude of
the debt, no one knows. Those sacrifices and
that debt are only to be successfully met by there
being as between the loyal States and the Gov-
ernment of the United States perfect accord and
concord. If, therefore, I thought that it was right
under the Constitution, or rather that the power
existed, to exempt this species of property froiyi
taxation, I would not do it at this time, first, be-
cause 1 do not deem it noccssary to answer the
purpose of the bill; and secondly, because I think
if it was calculated to accomplish the purpose of
the bill or to assist in the accomplishment of the
purpose of the bill, it would be impolitic to at-
tempt it at this time, because to do so would leave
us, I should fear, without the support of the States.
I heard it said, Mr. President, " Pass the bill,
exempt these hanks from taxation, and the Gov-
ernment maybe carried on, and all the expenses,
present and prospective, met by a tax upon these
banks." Suppose that is so, is there no other
Government to be carried on except the Gov-
ernment of the United States ? Are not the State
governments to be also carried on? Is not the
credit of t[ie State governments to be preserved,
the reputation of their debt to be untarnished?
What will be the effect if you should strikedown
all the State stocks, and the amount is enor-
mous? Reduce m public estimation the value
of the States' indebtedness, what would be the
effect upon the credit of the Geneial Govern-
ment? Resume specie, the war over on the part
of the United States, and the States bankrupt,
and how should we stand before the worid> In
former days, owing to disasters much less than
those which are upon us now, to circumstances
less stringent, many of the States failed to pay
their debt, and they were met with the oppro-
brium of Europe, and we felt the opprobrium for
ourselves; but terminate the war to-morrow, al-
though they may be satisfied that the United
States can protect themselves by this taxation,
and the States biinkrupt, our reputation will be
gone, and the power of the Union, as I think
for good, be at an end. I shall, therefore, vote
against the amendment proposed by the honor-
able member from Kansas, because it exempts
such portion of the capital of these banks as may
be invested in bonds, and then vote, provided that
is rejected, for the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, of course
1 meant to extend iibeialuy in the interpretation
of the Constitution; I do not propose to violate
it; but the Senator from Maryland says that this
propeity is to be exempted from taxation by the
amendment of the Senator from Kansas. It is
already exempt from taxation; every dollar of it
is already exempt by positive law. What differ-
ence does it make whether a man holds $1U0,0GG
of bonds in his own pocket, or goes and deposits
it m the vaults of a bank? It is one and the same
thing. I believe that Congress may under the
Constitution absolutely prohibit the circulation of
any bank paper whatever, if it sees fit, underits
power 44 to coin money and regulate the value
thereof/' I believe Congress has power to pro-
hibit the circulation of bank notes if it sees fit,
or to'tax them to such an extent that they must
go out of existence; and in case the necessity
should arise, I would be ready to vote for that
