1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18!
very measure. In case we could not run the
Government without taking possession of the
vacuum which would be created by the with-
drawal of all paper except the paper of the Gov-
ernment, I would vote for that, and believe I was
not straining the Constitution in the slightest de-
gree. I know that the right to issue paper by
the State banks has been admitted from the foun-
dation of the Government; but I should like to
have any Senator point out the constitutional right
of a State to create banks to make or circulate
money. I believe the whole matter is entirely
within the power of Congress under the Consti-
tution.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, this question
seems to me very simple. The country at this
moment is engaged in a deadly {struggle to estab-
lish itself as a nation. It has gone forth to meet
a rebellion organized in the name of State rights.
In preparing ourselves for this unparalleled con-
test we have been compelled to look about in
every direction, to increase our Army, to increase
our Navy, and to increase our financial resources;
but at e\ery stage we have been encountered by
objections in the name of State lights. No sin-
gle proposition has been brought forward on this
floor, having for its object the salvation of the
Republic, by infusing into it new energy and new
vitality, winch has not been encountered in the
name of State lights. And now, sir, while con-
sidering how to secure the financial stability of
ihe Republic, we are doomed again to encounter
the oft-repeated objection. The rebellion began
in State rights, and all the opposition to those
measures which have been conceived in order to
crush it has been made in the name of State i lghts.
It is hard that we should be obliged to meetiState
rights not only on the battle-field, bat also in this
Chamber.
The Senator from Vermont complained that it
■\vas proposed to sequester so large an amount
of property fiom State taxation. The sum total
of property that would be thus sequestered is
$300,000,060; but has the Senator considered how
much js sequestered by other agencies of this
Government at this moment in order to save this
Republic? There is the Army with all the ma-
terial of war: theie is the Navy with all the ma-
terial of the Navy—all sequestered. Who com-
plains that this vast mateiial, now counted far
beyond £300,000,000, is sequestered from State
taxation? Does any Senator rise here, in the
name of State rights, to claim that th* enlarged
Navy of the Republic as it floats into one of our
northern ports shall be brought within the sphere
of local taxation, whether State or municipal?
Does any Senator rise here to say that all the vast
material of war, ammunition, cannon, and the
like, which may fot the time being be deposited
in any particuku locality, shall fall within the
sphere of State or municipal taxation? Or does
any Senator rise to insist that the public securi-
ties shall be left exposed to Stave taxation ? No
Senator has risen to make any such complaint.
But the complaint is reserved for the present oc-
casion, when it is proposed to create a new agency
for the currency of the country.
i know not how the exemption can be sanc-
tioned in one case and not in the other. The same
reason which is applicable to one is applicable
to the other. It is said that the Army and Navy
are for war, and naturally share exemptions inci-
dent to war and its preparations. But it would
be difficult to say that, at this moment, what you
do for the finances is not essentially a war meas-
ure, entitled to all the consideration accorded to
such measures in a moment of war. What aie
your Army and Navy withoutaTreasuryr Mil-
ton, m one of his subhmest sonnets, has aptly
pictured that statesmanship which was able
 •'< to advise how War may, be?t upheld,
Mo\ c by her tn o mam nerves, iron and gold,
hi all her equipage."
Here in these few words the whole story is told.
AH who hear them wiii confess their force.
Now, sir, no Senator proposes to complain
because we protect the nerve of iron; but the
Senator from Veimont comes forward to register
his complaints because we do propose to protect
the much moie delicate nerve of gold. What is
worth doing is worth well doing, and ifitbe worth
while to organize the finances of this Republic by
the puqmsed banking system, it is-worth while to
do it well; and can you do it well if at the very
moment of its organization you leave ifb most deli-
cate nerves exposed to hostile influences?
But the precedent for this exemption is com-
plete. Already you have exempted the public
stocks andsecuritiesfrom all local taxation. Pray,
sir, tell me what policy justifies this exemption
which is not equally strong to justify the exemp-
tion of shares in the national tanks. Clearly, it
was m order to commend your national stocks
that you established the exemption; and for the
same reason I ask you now to establish this other
exemption. It is strange that the vast seques-
tration of the national stocks from State taxation
should have been made with so little question,
when now Senators question so pertinaciously t
this smaller sequestration. If it was proper in
one case it is in the other. If it was necessary m
one case it is in the other.
If you allow the State to interfere with the pro-
posed system by taxation in any way, may they
not embarrass it ? Where shall they stop? Where
will you inn aline? Unquestionably, according
to the Supreme Court, they cannot tax the bank
directly. This would be unconstitutional, but
it is said that they may tax the shares. Now i
raise no constitutional question. It may be that
a tax on shares is constitutional. But I do not
propose to'consider it on this ground. 1 am now
arguing against the policv of allowing any such
tax. it is a question of expediency which I raise,
for the sake of the system we are about to estab-
lish. Hut here the rule seems clear. Every con-
sideration which can beutged against taxing the
bank directly may be urged against taxing the
shaies. If u be bad policy in one case, it must
be bad policy in the other.
I suppose there 1,5 no judgment of our Supreme
Court which has been moie adorned than that in
the case of McCulloch vs. The State of Mary-
land. It was pionounced by Chief Justice Mar-
shall, arid is as good a specimen of thatpure
reason5'which belonged to this magistrate as any
that can be named. In the course of this elabo-
rate judgment all these topics were considered
which enter so peculiarly into this debate. It
was there insisted that the tax was unconstitu-
tional. But the words of the Chief Justice seem
almost intended for the present occasion. His ob-
ject from beginning to end was to keep the bank
safe from the hostile acts of the Suites, it was p
great effort to uphold a national institution against
State 1 ischts. It was, permit me to say, an answer
in advance to the Senator from Vermont. I do
not like to trouble the Senate, but there are pas-
sages so pertinent that I will lead them. Here,
for instance, the Chief Justice considers the ground
of exemption:
kS Tlu'ie 110 cxp'ef-s piovnion for the ea>e j but the
claim lui- born -ai famed 011 a pnnciple which ->0 enuiely
pei vacio the (,'on^muion, i? .-•> intermixed w nil ti)'* mate-
naif wineh u<mpo-e if, nitei woven with it-> web. :-o
lik ndt d w nil its leMuio, .1- to be nit apaole of b< u.i? m pa-
nned from i! without lending it into third*. Tin* gieat
principle ^ that the Constitution and the i.iwt made in pur-
suance thereof aieMipieim ; thattbe\ comioi toe eoiwu-
iutjou and ot the le-peetive :n d cannot he
eontioiled h\ them. From tin-, winch may benlmo*tt"imed
an axiom, othci pmpo.-itioie< aie de.'ueed a*- eorollarnv. on
the t) uih O! eiioi ut which, and on then application 10 litis
cai-o, the cause lia-s been supposed to depend. The-e aie :
'• 1. That a pow ei to eicate implies a pjwei to pre«ef ve.''
Mark the application of these words to this very-
debate: <f ifowur to create implies a power to
preserve." Sir, if you can create this new bank-
ing system you can take all needful steps to pre-
serve it and give to it the fullest efficiency. It is
difficult to say how much is involved in this
proposition.
The Chief Justicc then goes on:
That a power to dostro\,if wielded bv a different
hand, is hostile to and incompatible with the powers to
create and to pre&t, ve."
There ogam you have the judgment of the Chief
Justice onthe question now under debate. Noth-
ing could be more applicable.
"3. That where this repugnancy exu-t*, that authoury
which is stipiune muH control, not >iUd 10 that ovei
which-it is srupiemv/'
In another place the Chief Justice goes on to
say:
"Thp power of Oongrct-s to create, and of course to con
tinue, the hank, was the s-ubjcot 01 the piecedmg pan of
un> opinion, and is ro longe, to !•< cmijidejcd a*- quo-tam-
able. Thai ihr power oj tu~i<u> :( ! j S/ah n muy >' c txa -
cised so <r< ti ile'.h eve it, is ftu olci'jw> to l-c 1'enic<1
*> Hut tee vi i\ t--i m-. of tut* atiZtnrtem admit that
the -overriunt) ol'n.e b'tate m the <11 uelt. oi taxation nteit
is frubonhnate'io ur.d may be coiit'oiied hy the Conoutution
of the United States. How far it has been controlled By
that instrument' must be a question of construction. If?
making this construction no principle not'declared can bfr
admissible winch would defeat tin* legitimate operations
of a saipieme Government. Xti$ofthevcryessenc$offfi2
prdnacy to remove u'l obstacles to its action uilhin Hi otovi__
sphoe, and $0 to modify creiy potter vested in siihortfiiiate
governments as to exempt its own operations from their otifn
influence,1*
Matk, if you please, the complete applicability
of this language, 4,it is of the very cssence of
supremacy to remove ail obstacles to its action
within its own sphere." His proposed to select
as our sphere the currency of the country, and
according to these positive words it is within the
power of Congress to remove from this sphere alt
possible obstacles.
Again the Chief Justice, in another part of his
opinion, says:
" The means employed by the Governmentofthe Union*'
* " * *• are not given by the people of a par-
j tieu'ai State : not <?iven by the constituent-; of the Legisla-
1 jure w Inch claims the right to tax them ; but by the people
of all the States. They are given by all, for the benefit of
oil; and upon theory should be subjected to that Government
omy nhich belong to all."
Clearly, the bank must not be subjected to any-
local government, State or municipal; it must be
kept absolutely and exclusively under that Gov-
ernment fiom which it derives its functions.
Again, in another place—I skip much that he
says, though every word is applicable—the Chief
Justice says:
"All subjects over winch the sovereign power of a State
extends- are objects of taxation ; but those over which H
doe-, not extend aie upon the roundest pnncipiess exempt
lrom taxation. This piopo>iuon may almostbe pronounced
t-ell-ev idenl. The sovereignty of a State exteud^to every-
thing which exist*, by it*? own authority, or i<? introduced
by its pennisMOii; but does it extend to those means which
at c employed by Conn,) ess to cm ry into execution poxvei s con-
ici i ed on that body by the people of the United States 1 We
think it demonstrable that it does not."
According to the Chief Justice, the po.wer of a
State dots not extend to those means which are
employed by Congress to carry into execution
powois conferred on that body by the people of
the United States. But this is a rule of expediency
in the present case, if not of constitutional law.
You are about to legislate in pursuance of powers
confened on Congiess by the people. How can
you consent to allow the means em ployed in carry-
ing out these gieat powers to be limited, cur-
tailed, or burdened by any local legislation?
The Chief Justice proceeds:
"Those powers are not given by the people ot a single
Stale. They are given by the people of the United States
to a Government who*=e jaws made m pur-uaeee of tho
Constitution are deelaied to be supreme. Consequently,
the people of a single cannot coaler a soveieignty
winch will extend over them."
But if the people cannot confer such sovereignty,
it is for a reason that is equally valid against any
; concession of it on our part.
| Then, again, the Chief Justice, after arguing
1 the question further, says:
I •" We have a principle which is safe foi the States*and
, sate ioi the Union. Wcaret ehcved,at we ought to be, from
; clashing sovereignties^from interfering powers; from a re-
I pugunii •} betweeua right 111 onoGovernment to puli down
; wiiat there is an acknowledged light in another to build
1 up; trom the Incompatibility of a ngiif in one Government
1 to de^tioy what theie is a light iu another to pce^e^e."
Here is what we ought to avoid in the present
ease, " clashing sovereignties;'interlering pow-
ers.5' it would seem as if this judicial warning
was intended for our benefit.
Then, still further, the Chief Justice &ays:
lC 'Diet the potter to ta~ iiiioliei the powei to dcsti oy ; that
the pouer tod est? oy may defeat and render useless the power
to create; that theie is> a plain repugnance m confetnngOB
one Govei nment a power to control the constitutional meas*-
uie< of another, which <>thei, wim respect to tho*e very
measure:*, ia deelaied to be supreme overUsat which exerts
the control, are piopo^iuons not to be denied. But all in-
eoiia>t< ncii'b die to be reconciled by Uie magic of the
woid (Oxiidcvre. Taxation, it is said, does not hecessanly
and unavoidably destroy. To oarrv U to the cxeesp of de-
stination w ouid be an <ibuse; to presume winch would ban-
ish that confidence which is essential to all government.
But is tiu< a ea<e ot confid' nee r Woiddihc people of any
one State tiu^t those of another itdh a power to control the
most insignificant opoutions of their Stale government?
We know they isould no?."
And yet wc urc asked to trust the national
b.inks so far as their stock is held by sharehold-
ers to the tender mercies of State governments if
not of evt ry municipality.
Then, t'gain, at a later part of the opinion, the
ChiL I J uslice aays:
-•if the £tate« maj tax one instrument employed by the.
Go' i) n*aei,t in the exei uliou of its poo c,s thej may tax any
and svtry other inf-tsument. They muytax the mail; they
