1864,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONalE'SSL(jNlL'^.LOBE.
265
•Laics ofthh VniteS, \
389® €on&..w.MP SS8&
herein contairied shall in anywise affect any legal
proceedings now pending in regard to the said
steamer "Mohawk."
Approved, March 25, 1864,
No. 22.—Joint Resolution-tendering the Thanks
of Congress to Admiral Porter.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congress' be, 'zm4
they are hereby, tendered to Admiral David D.
Porter, commanding .the Mississippi squadron,
for the eminent skill, endurance, and gallantry
exhibited by him and his squadron, in cooper-
ation with the Army, in opening the Mississippi
river.
Approved, April 19,1864.
No. 23.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Navy'to sell at Public Auction tot
Number Thirteen, in the Village of Sackett's
Harbor, New York.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Navy be,
and he is hereby authorized and empowered, at his
discretion, to sell at public auction, after proper
advertisement, and to convey, by quit-claim or
otherwise, lot number thirteen, in the village of
Sackett's Harbor, New York, the same not being
wanted for use by the United States.
Approved, April 19, 1864.
No. 24.—Joint Resolution relative to the Ac-
counts of the Petty Officers, Seamen, and others
of the Crew of the United States Gunboat
" Cincinnati."
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be,and they are hereby, authorized,
in settling the accounts of the petty officers, sea-
men, and others of the crew of the United States
gunboat " Cincinnati," to allow each of them
all back pay and a sum, not exceeding fifty dol-
lars, for loss of clothing and other.property, by
the sinking of the said vessel in the Mississippi
river, near Vicksburgh, on the twenty-seventh
day of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.
Approved, April 19,1864.
No. 25.—Joint Resolution directing the Commit-
tee on the Conduct of the War to examine into
the recent Attack on Fort Pillow.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States America in Congress
assembled, That the joint committee on the con-
duct of the war be, and they are hereby, instructed
to inquire into the truth of the rumored slaughter
of the Union troops, after their surrender, at the
recent attack of the rebel forces upon Fort Pillow,
Tennessee; as also, whether Fort Pillow could
have been sufficiently reinforced, or evacuated,
and, if so, why it was not done; and that they
report the facts to Congress as soon as possible.
Approved, April 21, 1864.
N0t 28.—-A Resolution relating to" the Publica-
tion of the Decisions of the Supreme Court of
the United Statesfor December Term, eighteen
hundred and suxty-three.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That so much of the act of Congress,
approved August twenty-nine, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, as provides that the reporter of
the decisions of the Supreme Court shall not be
paid the compensation provided by the said act
unless he print and publish the decisions within
six months after such decisions shall be made,
shall not be held to apply to the decisions of De-
cember term, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
the present reporter of the said couit not having
been appointed until near the close of the term:
Provided,however, That such decisions be pub-
lished within one year from the passage of this
resolution.
Approved, April 22, 1864.
No. 27.—Joint Resolution to increase' tempora-,
rily the .Duties on Imports.
Resolved. by the:Senate- and Hpus^ of Represent-
atives of the,United States of America in Congress
assembled, That until the end ofsikfy d^ys'fVom
the passage of this resolution,, fifty, per cent:, of
the Rates of duties and .imposts now impasedby
law on all goods, wares, merchandise,ari$Arti-
cles imported, shajl be added to tl^pi^'sen'iduties
and imposts now charged'on the importation *pf
such articles: Provided,, "That printing pape'run-
sized,,used,forbooks and newspapersexclusively,
shall be exempt from the operation of tltis ^so-
lution.
Approved, April 29, 1864. |(
No. 28.—Joint Resolution for the Payment of
Volunteers called out for not less than One
Hundred Days. - ,'
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the sum of twenty-five millions
of dollars be, and the same is hereby, -appropri*
atedoutofany moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for arming, equipping, cloth-
ing, subsisting, transporting, and paying volun-
teers that may be received by the President for
any term not less than one hundred days.
Approved, May 6, 1864.
No. 29.—A Resolution to provide for the Printing
of Official Reports of the Operations of ttie
Armies of the United States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America m Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, directed to furnish the-Superintendept
of Public Printing with copies of all such cor-
respondence, by telegraph or otherwise, reports
of commanding officers, and documents of every
description in relation to the existing rebellion,
to be found in the archives of his Department
since the first day of December, eighteen hundred
and sixty, to the present time, and during the con-
tinuance of said rebellion, which may be, in his
opinion, proper to be published, [which] said
correspondence,reports, and docunients, shall be
arranged in their proper chronological order.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the. Su-
perintendent of Public Printing shall cause to be
printed and bound (in addition to theusual num-
ber) ten thousand copies of such correspondence,
reports, and documents, in volumes of not ex-
ceeding (as near as may be) eight hundred octavo
pages each, which shall be distributed by the Sec-
retary of the Senate as follows, to wit: five hun-
dred copies-ta the_w i-- Department;.one complete
copy to each State library of every State in the
Union, and five complete copies to public libra-
ries in each congressional district of the United
States, to be designated by the Representatives of
the present Congress from such district; and of
the remaining copies three thousand shall be for
the use of members of the presentSenate, and si*
thousand for the use of members of the present
House of Representatives.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That it shall
also be the duty of the Secretary of War to cause
a complete index of the matter contained in each
volume to be prepared and inserted therein.
Sec. 4. And be it further resolved, That all reso-
lutions adopted by either House of Congress, at
its present session, directing the printing of any
of the correspondence, reports, or documents, as
above contemplated, be, and the same are hereby
rescinded.
Approved, May 19, 1864.
jNfo. 30.—A Resolution for the Payment of Ex-
penses incuned by the Joint Committee on the
Conduct of the War.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of twenty thousand dol-
lars, or so much thereof as may be necessity,
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, to pay
the expenses of the joint committee of Congress
appointed to inquire into the conductandexpendi-
turesofthewar; and that said sum shall bedrawn
from the Treasury, upon the order of the Secre
tHV'y iof the'Seimteyais'tli'etamealiBli 'be required
frOtti time to time by the commictfire having such
investigation in Charge; iand any portion' of t.fee
amoiunt'hereby apprOpriatedthat Sliafi'be allowed
by the said jbint c6mmitt"ee to witnesses attendi
ingbefore it, or to persons employed'inks. ser-
vice, fdr per diem, traveling, or other necessary
expenses, and paid by the Secretary of theSenate
in pursuance of the order .of that joint committee,
ahallbe accordingly credited and aljowedby the
Accounting officers of the Treasuiy'Departnjen't'.
Approved, May 19, 1864. .
No. 31.—Joint Resolution relative to Pay of Staff
Officers of the Lieutenant General. ,
Be it resolved by the Senate and. House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAimricwiv Congress
assembled, That the staff officers on tbestaff of th«
Lieutenant General shall be entitled to receiver the
same pay, emoluments, and allowances, as staff
officers of the same grade on the staff of corps
commanders, the s^me to take effect from the day
of their appointment on-the staff of the Lieuten-
ant General. - - - ' - :
Approved, May 20H864. , -
No. 32".—JointResolution providing for the Elec-
tion of a Member of Congress for the State of
Illinois by the State at large.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United. States of America in Congress
assembled, That in the election of Representatives
to Congress from the State of Illinois, the .addi-
tional Representative allowed to said State by an
act entitled '■< An act fixing the number of the
House of Representatives from and after the third
day of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,"
approved March fourth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, may be elected by the S.t&tjB*at large,
until the said State shall be redistricted by lh 
Legislature thereof, for the electioij of the fourteen
members to which said State is now entitled by
law.
Approved, May 20, 1864.
No. 35.—A Resolution to amend the Charter, of
the City of Washington.
Resolved by the Senate and House of. Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That in case any person w.hp is a qual-
ified voter in other respects shall offer and claim
the right to vote at any election held in the city
of Washington, whose name is not registered, his
name shall be registered by the Commissioners of
Election upon the terms and conditions follow-
ing, namely: he shall take an oath as follows:
You do solemnly swear that you will true answer
-mate 'o such questions as shall be asked you
touching" yOarxju«*bfications-ag..an elector at this
poll; So help you God; or an affirmation to the
same effect, which oath or affirmation, if he- be
unable to understand the English language, may
be interpreted to him by one of the commission-
ers, or an interpreter, sworn by a commissioner,
which interpreter shall also interpret his answers
to the commissioners. If, in his answers on oath,
he shall state positively that be has resided in the
city one year next preceding the day of said elec-
tion, designating particularly the place of his res-
idence, and that he possesses the other qualifi-
cations of an elector, and if, furthermore, some
qualified elector of the city, not'a candidate for
any office at that election, shall take an oath be 
fore said commissioners, which any one of them
may administer, that he is well acquainted- with
such applicant; that he is, in fact, a resident in
the city, and has been one year next previous to
such election, and that lie (qualified elector) has
good reason to believe, and does believe, that all
the statements of such applicant are true, the
commissioners shall cause his name to be regis-
tered by their clerk, and shall then receive the
vote of said applicant; or if said applicant shall
present the affidavit of himself and a qualified
elector, duly certified by any justice of the peace
in and fof the county of Washington, District of
Columbia, which shall satisfy the commissioners
that "the applicant has been a resident of the city
one year next preceding the day of such election,
. and that he is otherwise a qualified elector, the
