1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
VIRGINIA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. DAWES. I now call up the contested-
election case of Lewis McKenzie ?;s. B. M. Kitchen,
from the seventh congressional district of Vir-
ginia. I ask that the resolutions reported from
the Committee of Elections be read.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Resolved, That Lewis McKenzie is not entitled to a seat
in tins House as a Representative in the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress from the seventh congressional district in Virginia.
Resolved, That B. M. Kitchen is not entitled to a seat in
this House as a Representative in the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress from the seventh congtessional district in Virginia.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose thatunder therules,
this being a report from a committee, it will be
necessary, unless by unanimous consent of the
House, to consider these two resolutions together.
But as the two cases stand upon a different state
of facts, and upon different principles, I ask the
consent of the House to consider the resolutions
separately, and that the House first take up the
resolution in reference to Lewis McKenzie.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can ask a
separate vote upon each resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware of that, but I do
not desite to discuss the tworesolutions together,
and I do not see that any harm or piejudice can
result to either party if we leave the resolution in
reference to M*. Kitchen until the one in reference
to 1VJ1'- McKenzie shall be disposed of.
No objection being made, the House agreed to
consider the resolutions separately.
Mr. DAWES. The resolution before the House
is, that Lewis McKenzie is not entitled to a seat
in this House as a Representative in the Thirty-
Eighth Congress from the seventh congressional
district in Virginia.
There are two questions involved; first, is any-
body entitled to a seat from the seventh congres-
sional distiict? and secondly, which of these two
gentlemen, if either, is entitled to such seat?
I think, however, we can dispose of this case
without settling the question whether anybody is
entitled to a seat from that district. Whether Mr.
McKenzie is entitled to it, if anybody, depends
upon whether he 1ms a plurality of the votes as cast;
and whether he has a plurality of the votesas cast
depends upon one of two questions; first, was the
county of Berkeley in the State of Virginia or in
the State of West Virginia at the time the elec-
tion was held ? and secondly, if we are certain that
the votes which were cast in the county of Berke-
ley were cast according to law, o-r so in non-con-
formity with law that they must be rejected?
It is claimed by Mr. McKenzie in asserting and
prosecuting his right to this seat that the county of
Berkeley belonged to the State of West Virginia
at the time "this election was held; and if it did,
he claims further that the votes cast in the county
of Berkeley should be rejected here bccausc of
- certain informalities connected with them. The
committee were of opinion that the county of
Berkeley was part of the State of Virginia and of
this congressional district at the time this elec-
tion was held. Whether it was or was not, de-
pends upon certain legislation of West Virginia
and of Congress.
This election is claimed to have been held in
the seventh congressional district of the State of
Viigmia upon the last Thursday of May, 1863,
the time appointed by the law of the State ofVir-
ginia for holding an election for Representatives
m Congress. The State was districted according
to the number of Representatives she was entitled
to by the present apportionment. By an act of
the Legislature of Virginia dated January 30,1863,
the counties of Alexandila, Bet keley, Frederick,
Shenandoah, Jefferson, Ciaik,Warren, Loudoun,
Fauquier, Fan fax, and Prince William, consti-
tuted thescventh congressional districtofVnginia.
When a constitution was adopted by what now
constitutes the State of West Virginia, there was
incorporated into that constitution a clause pro-
viding for the admission into that State of three
counties in addition to the forty-eight counties that
now constitute the State, namely, the counties of
Berkeley, Frederick, and Jefferson, provided these
three counties should, by a popular vote, so de-
cide. But when the State was admitted into the
Union by an act of Congress dated December 31,
18G2, the boundary hues as fixed by that act did
not include either of these three counties, and nei-
ther of them, excepting the county of Berkeley,
had ever signified its" assent to or desiie to be-
come a part of the State of West Virginia.
Subsequently to the passage of the act of Con-
gress constituting the State of West Virginia, the
State of Virginia enacted a law providing that the
county of Berkeley alone, if it should so decide by
a popular vote, might become a part of the State
of West Virginia, if the State of West Virginia,
after the county had so voted, should determine
to receive it. The same statute provided that
the county of Berkeley should, upon the last
Thursday of May, 1863, by a popular vote, de-
termine that question. This was the very day
for the election of a Representative in Congress in
that district. The people, therefore, of the seventh
congressional distiict, including the county of
Berkeley, were voting for a member of Congress
on that day, and the county of Berkeley was vot-
ing upon the question whether it would become a
part of West Virginia.
The result at the close of the polls was that the
county of Berkeley had decided unanimously, or
substantially so, to become a part of West Vir-
ginia, but the statute of the State of Virginia,
transferring the county of Berkeley in tins con-
tingency to the State of West Virginia, embraced
also one other condition precedent, namely, that
the county should be so transferred to the State of
West Viiginia when the State of West Virginia
should, by an act of its Legislature, determine to
receive it as a part of that State.
The State of West Virginia did not determine
to receive it as a part that State until the August
subsequent to this election; so that if these two
States had the power to transfer a county from
the one to the other, it did not become a complete
act of transfer until August, whereas this election
for Representative in Congtess occurred in May.
But there is another objection. It has been
established by the Supreme Court of the United
States,and alwaysacted on without question 
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire to ask the gentleman
if at the time this county issupposed to have been
transferred from the one State to the other by the
consent of the Legislatures of the two States, the
consent of the Congress of the United States had
been given for such transfer?
Mr. DAWES. If my friend will be patient,
he will hear me on that point. I was just about
saying, when I was reminded to say it by my
learned friend from Ohio, that it had been the es-
tablished law of the country as pronounced by the
Supreme Court that no two States could change
their boundary lines without the consent of Con-
gress, and hence it required the consent of the
State of West Virginia, of the State of Virginia,
and of Congiess to change the boundary line be-
tween those States. Congress has admitted West
Viiginia into the Union with a fixed boundary
line. That does not include the county of Berke-
ley; and Congress has never consented that the
county of Beikeley should be a part of West Vir-
ginia, or that the boundary line between West
Virginia and old Virginia should be so changed
as to include that county. This is, in the opinion
of the committee, absolutely necessary; so that
whatever may be the legislation of the two States
on the subject, the county of Beikeley, without
the consent of Congress, could ne\er become a
pait of West Virginia. It is perfectly apparent
that that is a necessity of the case; {or if old Vir-
ginia could transfer the county of Beikeley to
West Vng'in.i it could transfer all the other coun-
ties, or could transfer itself to West Virgimaand
cease to exist by its own action—which is one
way of committing suicide that I commend to the
attention of my colleague, [Mr. Boutwell.J The
Supicme Court has said so, and that has been al-
ways the rule acted upon. It was so in the case
nf the boiuulaiy line between Massachusetts and
Rhode Island, and also in the case of the late
change of boundary between New Yorkand Mas-
sachusetts. All the practice has been that with-
out the consent of Congress there can be no change
in the boundary lines of States.
Therefore, sir, it cannot be questioned but that
the county of Berkeley was, not only when this
election was held, but is still, a part ot thescventh
concessional district of Virginia, The question
then comes up whether there is any such infor-
mality in the votes cast m the county of Berke-
ley as requnes that they should be rejected by
the House. If not, Mr. McKenzie is in a mi-
nority of the votes. If the vote of Berkeley county
be rejected, then Mr. McKenzie is in a plurality.
The objection which Mr. McKenzie raises to
the vote of Berkeley county is this: By the law
of Viiginia it is required in a congressional elec-
tion that the commissioners at the several polls'
in each county shall return the results of the elec-
tion at their polls to the clerk of the county, who
shall record the results in a book, and send cer-
tified copies thereof to the clerk of the county first
named in the act constituting the district. It was
requisite that the commissioners of the polls in
Berkeley county should return the votes for their
several precincts to the county clerk of Berkeley
county, and that he should send certified copies
to the county clerk of Alexandria county; but
the rebellion had extinguished the county clerk
of Berkeley county, and there being no county
clerk there, it was an impossibility that the law
could be technically complied with. The com-
missioners therefore certified their return directly
to the county clerk of Alexandria county, and
gave this certificate:
May 30, 1863.
The undersigned, commissioners, named in the foregoing
certificate, hereby state that there is no clerk of the county
couit of Berkeley county, the county officers, including
said clerk, elected last jear having failed to qualify; that
the records of the office have been lemoved ; that the otfice
and court-house are occupied by the United States military,
and that it is impossible, therefore, to certify to the "clerk"
ofthe fcv.iid county court ol Berkeley the lesultofthe election,
ami consequently the taw cannot he literally complied with,
which requires saidclerk*" to record said return in a book
in his oftiec, and to transmit a " certified''copy of such
result to the clerk of" the county fiivt named in the law."
GEORGE SHARER,
ELfAS M. PtTZER,
JOHN W. PiTZER.
It was not disputed before the committee that
the rrtutn to the county clerk of Alexandria
county, instead of to the county clerk of Berkeley
county, contained the true slate of the vote; or
that there was actually polled in Berkeley county
that number of votes; and the Committee of Elec-
tions, following all piecedents governing the case,
sought to find the facts—how many votes were
actually cast. While the law might well impose
the duty on officers, after the vote was cast, to
i clurn it in a perfect form so as to secuie accuiacy
and to pieveut fiaud, it was supposed to be the
duty of the committee, if there was any defect of
form, to go back to the ballot-box, or to the
county, and ascertain the exact number of votes
cast; and, if they were honestly cast, togive then)
their force and elfect. The result, therefore, is
that Mr. Kitchen had 962 votes and Mr. McKen-
zie 71G votes—Mr. Kitchen having received a
plurality of 246 votes. Therefore, Mr. McKenzie
is not, under any circumstances, entitled to the
seat. Ilence the committee report this resolution
that Mr. McKenzie is under no circumstances
entitled to the seat.
That is all that I desire to submit. T under-
stand that the contestant [Mr. McKenzie] desires
to addiess the House.
Mr. McKEJNZIE, (contestant.) Mr. Speaker,
I seem rather to be placed in the position of being
between the devil and the deep sea. [Laughter.]
The Committee of Elections have reported against
my case, and I stand here cdone. It is not the
fiist time that I have stood alone. What 1 deem
right 1 do, regardless of how many or how few
l ai e on my side.
I came heie, sir, to-day to make a few remarks
m advocacy of my claim as the Representative
of the seventh congressional district of Virginia
I more from a sense of self-iespect to myself and
| what is due to the representative branch of the
j Government than from any other motive. I sup-
■ pose that nothing 1 will say will change the result
J to which this House will come. I do not choose,
| however, to let this report go before the House
1 without m some way setting forth the reasons
which induced me to contest this election.
Sir, I commenced tins canvass presuming from
the act of Congress approved March 3,1863, that
it was intended that Virginia should have some
; Representatives in this Congress. Hud 1 been
' aware that the honorable chairman of the com-
; mittee was going to insist with such pertinacity
j that the principle adopted by him in the Thirty-
j Seventh Congress was to be the principle of this
i Congress, or at least of the committee, I might as
I well have saved myself the time, annoyance, and
I expense of the last canvass and attended to my
