1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. So the Chair
understands.'
• Mr. SUMNER. I understand that my col-
league, the chairman of the committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, who is not in his seat, has actually
gone into the other House in order to confer on
this very matter, and therefore I will suggest that
the Army appropriation bill be allowed to lie over
for a few moments, and that the Senate should
proceed with the other bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have no objection———
Mr. CARHLE. tf my friend from California
will give way, I desire to relieve the Senate from
any attempts hereafter on my part to get this bill
up in the morning hour, by moving to postpone
all prior orders. I think Senators can now see
that the biii can be disposed of in a very few
minutes. The Senator from California can have
another opportunity to speak on this subject. I
am not willing to interfere with the appropriation
bills. I will ask the Senate, therefore, in order
that I may not have to trouble them again in the
morning hour, that the bill which has just been
under consideration maybe made the special or-
der for Monday next at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Why not finish it now.?
Mr. CARLILE. Because Senators want to
take up the appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FOOT. The Indian appropriation bill I
suppose to be the order of the day as the unfin-
ished business of yesterday. Theconfercnce re-
port was interposed by unanimous consent, but
it left the Indian appropriation bill as the regular
business of the day and unfinished. Is that the
decision of the Chair?
Tfie PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
business now before the Senate.
The Senajtc, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed tiie consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
240) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1865,
the pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Lane, ol Kansas, to the amendment offered
by Mr. Doolittle, from the Committee on In*
dian Affairs. The amendment of Mr. Doolittle
was to aJd the following section to the bill:
Jind be it further enacted, That the Secretary of tlie In-
terior be, and he is hereby, authorized to expend such part
of fne amount iferein apptoprmted to carry jnto effect any
treaty stipulation with any tribe or tribes oflndians, all or
any portion of whom fahall be in a state of actual hostility
to the Government of the United States, including the
Cheiokees, Creeks, Choctaw:?, Chickasaws, Seminoma,
the Wichita;- and other affiliated tribes, as may be found
necessary to s-upportmeh individual member ot said tribes
as have been diiven from their homes, or rcduced to want
on account of their friendship to the United States, and
enable them to sub^ibt until they can tuppoit themselves
in their own country: Ptovidcd, That an account >hall be
kept of tiie sums, so paid for the benefit of the said mem-
bers of said tribes, which account shall be rendeied to
Congress at the commencement of the next.session thereof;
and all purchases of articles for the puipo&es above set
forth shall be made of the lowest responsible bidder after
sufficient public notice by advertisement in appropriate
newspapers: Provided, also, That the said SecreUuyshall
not be tequned to accept any bid which is, m lus judg-
ment, unreasonable in its character.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, proposed to amend the
amendment by adding the following proviso:
Provided further, That no part of said annuities shall be
expended outside of the Indian country, or m connection
with their removal to that country.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to state that
the Committee on Indian Affairs have agreed to a
substitute for that proviso to remove all difficulty.
It is to insert at the end of the amendment as a
further proviso the following:
Provided further, That no part of said annuities shall he
expend"d fui Indians outpide of the IndianTcinlory, south
of Kansas, except in providing for such individual Indians
or families as are sick and unable to remove to that Terri-
tory, or such as may be driven out of that Territory by armed
rebels after the parage of tins act.
The yeas and nayu were ordered upon the
amendment that I offered yesterday. With the
consent of the Senate I will withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
The PRESID1 NG OFFICER. The Chair hears
tio objection.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I now withdraw that
proviso, and offer this one as an amendment to
the amendment of the committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The committee offered an
amendment s^stantially confiscating the annui-
ties of the rebel Indians to be used by the depart-
ment for the benefit of the ioyal Indians. The
Senator from Kansas now moves a provis6 that
that money shall not be used outside the Indian
Territory unless in the cases mentioned,by those
who are sick and unable to go to the Indian Ter-
ritory, or those that shall be driven out of the
Indian Territory by the rebels. Withthatquali-
fication I do not know that there is any objection
to the proviso.
Theamendmentto the amendment wa&agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On page 53, line twelve
hundred and ninety-two, I move to strike out the
words "and fifty" before and after tlie word
" thousand;" so that the clause will read:
For subsistence and clothing:, and general incidental
expenses of the Sisselon, Wahpeton, Medawaltanton, and
Wahpakoota bands of Sioux or Dakota Indians, at their
now homes, $100,000.
The bill, as it comes to us from the House of
Representatives, appropriates $150,050 to the
support of the Sioux who made war upon us in
Minnesota, precisely the same sum that used to
be due to them under the old annuities which be-
longed to them, which we in fact confiscated to
the Government in consequence of their hostili-
ties. It is necessary that some sum of money
should be appropriated, but I do not think that
we ought to appropriate a sum equivalent to the
interest on those annuities, for if might be claimed
that such action on the part of Congross would
be substantially a repeal of the law confiscating
their annuities heretofore; and I think, with the
amount which we allowed yesterday by way of
making up deficiencies in their support, $100,000
will be enough; and I therefore move to reduce
the appropriation to that amount.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. I have another amend-
ment to offer from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs. It is to add as an additional clause to the
bill;
To enable the .Secretary of the Interior to settle the claims
and carry into effect the piovi.sions of the second article
of the treaty of May 30, 18u-i, with the confederated tubes
of Kaskabkia, Pcona, Piunkcbhaw, and Wca Indians,
$3,164 51.
I will explain the amendment to the Seriate. Ey
tiie second article of the treatyReferred to, it was
agreed that we should survey the boundary lines
of the lands of this tribe of Indians. When we
came to survey them, the surveyor, in behalf of
the United States, made a mistake and excluded
from the reservation lands which leally belonged
to the Indians. We went on and sold the lands
and received the pay for them. When the survey
came to be corrected, it was found that the lands
actually belonged to the Indians; and ibis is the
amount, $3,3G4 51, which is necessary to settle
that matter between the United States and this
Indian tribe.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Committee on In-
dian Affans have instructed me to move another
amendment, which is a very important one. It
is to strike out the following clause on page 52:
For payment of interest ou $1,704,300 of non-paying
Mock held by the Secretary ot fbe Interior in tiuot for
vaiious Indian tube" up to and including tlie interest pay-
able July 1,1864, §350,200.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have not before me
all the treaties made with the Indians on this sub-
ject; but I have a copy of a treaty made in May,
*1854, with the Wens and Kaskaskias, the seventh
article of which I desire to lead to the Senate:
"Art. 7. Tiie annual payment-? picvided lor in article
six are designed to be expended by tlie Indians chiefly in
extending their farming operations, building houses, pur-
chasing stock, agncuitmal implements., and such oilier
things as maypmmote their improvement and commit,
and shall so be applied by them. But at their request iris
agiecd that from each of the said annual payments the sum
of $500 phall be resetved for the support of the aged and
infirm, and the sum of .$3,000 shall be set off and applied
to the education ol their jouthj and from each of the first
three there shall also be set ap<ut and applied the further
sum of $2,000 to enable said Indians to settle their affans.
And as the amount of the annual receipts from the sales of
their lands cannot now be ascertained, it is agreed that the
President may, from tune to lime, aud upon consultation
with f,aid Indiana, deteimme how much of the net pioceeds
of said sales shall be paid them, and how much shall be in-
vested m teafu and profitable stocks, the inteie.-t to be an-
nually paid to them, or expended fot their benefit and im-
provement."
A largo body of valuable lands in tlie Stats of
Kansas belonging-to those Indiana was sold by
the Government for theirbenefit for gold and sit
ver. Thai motley was brought' to .Washing toft
and placed in the Treasury of the United States,
with the understanding-«nd, explicit agreement
that -it should be invested in 8ucb;profitable.stocks
as should he determined upon • after consultatioh
with the Indians. No such consultation was hat],
as was in evidence before *our committee, .mid
$98,000 of the money of this tribe-was invested
in the ;bonds, of northern States—good States.
When the thieves of rebeldom set upon the Treas-
ury they took out those bonds and exchanged
them for (he bonds of Florida, Louisiana, North
Carolina, and South Carolina. The interest./fcf
course, is suspended. They require it for their
subsistence, so farus this tribe is concerned,andi
suppose it is the case with all the Other tribes.
Let me read a few words from the seventh article
of .the treaty to which 1 have referred again:
" It is agreed tlmt. the President may. fro in-U mo to time,
and upon consultation with said Indians, determine how
much of tlie net pioceeds of said sales sliall tie paid them,
and how much shall be invested" in safe and pmfitabw*
stocks, tiie intcrof.t to bo annually paid to tiicrti, or expanded
for their benefit and improvement. ; . ,
This tribe lives upon the Kansas border;.<tml
has been stripped of everything. This interest
is necessary for their subsistence and support.
So strong did tho Committee on Indian Affairs
deem their claims that they agreed upon a lull to
give to this .particular Indian tribe $5,000, not
to be counted upon this interest. As we have
agreed in this treaty to pay this interest, and as the
•money was invested without CQiisultation.with
the Indians, as was agreed in the treaty, 1 say
the honor of the country and the good faith of
the nation demand that we should adopt this
clause tis it came to us from the House of Rep-
resentatives, appropriating the money to pay this
interest,.
Mr. BROWN. Will the Senator permit me
to interrupt him?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Certainly.
Mr. BROWN. I think the Senator from Kan-
sas wakes the statement a little too broad when
lie says that so clearly convinced were the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs of the justice of the
claim of the Indians to whom .he alludes that
they agreed to give them $5,000 in addition. I
think it was because the Committee on Indian
Affairs were not satisfied of the justice of this
claim and did not wish to recognize it at all that
they preferred making a temporary provision.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from
Missouri rinsunderstood ine. I said that so
strongly were the committee convinced of the ne-
cessities of this tribe that they agreed to present
to them §5,000 for their temporary subsistence.
The interest that would be due those Indians, if
the proposition of the chairman should be dis-
agreed tn, will be, I believe, about fourteen thou-
sand dollars. The interest that would be paid
under the treaty, as agreed to by the House of
Representatives and as agreed to by the Finance
Committee, would only amount to $14,000; aiid
the Committee on Indian Affairs agreed to pre-
sent then, asamere boon, $5,000 of that amount.
So far as I am concerned, I think it would be best
to carry out the provisions of this treaty in good
faith. These people are suffering. They were
not consulted with regard to the bonds. Their
money was originally well invested, and really it
was a theft on the part of the Government offi-
cers, it was really a felony, to exchange the boiyis
of the northern States, interest-paying bonds, for
the bonds of these rebel States. 1 hope the amend-
ment proposed by the chairman will not be agreed
to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Kan-
sas objects tothid amendment fiom the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, and bases that objection
upon the facts which he states as bearing upon
one particular tribe of Indians who have some
$93,000 of these non-paying stocks, the interest
of which it is computed would amount to $14,000,
which is but a small item compared .with the
whole amount involved in this appropriation.
As to those Indians whose case ho has stated
thus strongly, and whose case perhaps may stand
more strongly than thatof the other Indian tribes,
when t.he matter was under consideration by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, looking into
i.J., they came to the conclusion that it was not
wise on the part of this Government to assuma
