2870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
that debt as a debt existing against the Govern-
ment of the United States. They did not be-
lieve that the United States stood in such a rela-
tion to that tribe as to be responsible either at
Jaw or in equity for that debt.
Mr. President, it seems to mo the most that can
be said is that the Government of the United
States stand toward these Indians in the relation
of trustees to a waVd or a guardian to a ward.
If a guardian or trustee acts in good faith in mak-
ing an investment for the ward or the cestui que
trust, he does not become responsible for the
debt, even if through some unforeseen accident
the property should be depredated or become
actually destroyed.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the chairman
permit me to put a question to iiim?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I prefer to conclude my
statement. I desire to state this case as it stands
in relation to the other Indian tribes. This tribe
of Weas, Peorias, Kaskaskias, and Piankeshaws
holds but a very small portion of those bonds.
Suppose the Government had invested this money
in property for the Indians, in flocks, herds,and
horses, and by flood, or fire, or an earthquake,
or a war, if you please, that property had been
destroyed or captured from the Indians; should
we be responsible? If the United States in good
faith mode an investment which was supposed to
be beneficial for the Indian tribes in the stocks of
the States of this Union, which at that time were
States of the Union, and stocks were valid and
valuable, paying a higher rate of interestthan the
stocks of the United States, and in consequence
of the war those stocks have become depreciated,
do the United States, therefore, become responsi-
ble? The stocks of some of those States were
paying six, and i believe some of them even a
higher rate of interest. The Indians got the ad-
vamage of purchasing a larger amount of stocks
and getting a larger amount of interest, so long
br that interest was paid. It was for their ben-
efit, or supposed to be for their benefit.
But, Mr. President, the facts are these: this
provision would lecognize an existing indebted-
ness against the United States of $1,704,300,and
it provides for an appropriation of #350,220 50
to meet interest which has already accrued upon
tiiat amount during some two years on some of
them and on others for even a lunger peiiod, 1
will state the names of the tribes and the amount
which was invested in these stocks for each, as
appears by the Commissioner's report:
rcTJOOCO^WKS'aOCCOTC
r  o ki
^ ^ 3 " 'i 1 5 < 3 D - — ;
$  i £ t 3 t - ■'1 ? ' ' i s r-
gpoospi;
|P = 2;2* ?: 2g|| = -
* 3 '
5 "a :
-
r«s:;
35
a
3
"6
o
3
?
2 -J >-
3V8S
£i?SSl
<0
■> h-  A. ' CO
2 „ AsiCl
1 COO ococb O en
SggggggggS
_p _-v2 -J —>ff> A (£
SKSS
ssssafesSaBMsajis
■J *rr. © di. go «3 re n tj a in In
3ss3a=5£gs35sssks
o -.i yi y cn w •) jv o a o w M
^lOa>OCati>^-<Xtn©U>©<2oi
^ « a- S!" ic 2 —
s rt ?
o r* rr
Thus it will be seen that the Government, in
the purchase of these stocks, taUmg them alto-
gether, made $100,000 for the benefit of the Indian
tribes m the original invettiment.
Whenever this subject has come before the
Committee on Indian Affairs we have not deemed
it wise on the part of the Government to assume,
at all events at the present time, this debt upon
ourselves and to say that it belongs to us, either
in whole or in part, to any that it shall be paid,
in relation to this tribe of Weas and Piankeshaws,
and that was as strong a case as any that could
be presented to the committee, the committee de-
termined in consequence of the alleged sufferings
of those Indians to make a donation from the
Government of the United States of §5,000 to re-
lieve their necessities; but we were unwilling to
acknowledge this as a debt against the Govern-
ment of the United States and to appropriate the
amount'of what is alleged to be the interest, be-
cause we were fearful that if we appropriated the
exact amount of the interest that would be an
acknowledgment of the debt itself.
Mr.POMEROY. The amendment now before
us not being proposed by the Committee on Fi-
nance, I suppose it will not be considered by
the Senate as a measure peculiarly affecting the
question of finance, but as affecting the question
whether the interest upon the moneys of the In-
dians which have been invested in bonds shall be
paid year by year according to the provisions of
the various treaties. I conceive that it is not a
questicm merely affecting the Government and the
Indians, but as I find there are various treaties
not all alike, it is a question whether weshall vio-
late the provisions ofsome of those treaties or not.
I have not looked over all those treaties; I have
only examined some three orfourof them; but I
find that in some of the treaties the Indians never
did consent that their money should be invested
even in any stocks; in other treaties they did con-
sent. In the treaty to which my colleague has re-
ferred with the Weas, Peorias, Kaskaskias, and
Piankeshaws, they consented, after agreeing upon
how much should be distributed among them,
that the balance should be invested, upon consult-
ation with thpm, in safe and profitable stocks.
As my colleague has referred to that treaty, I
will say, in a single word, that those Indians
year by year have complained, and I hold in my
hand a memorial from that tribe through their
agent, presented here on the 14th of March last,
in winch they complain that thero was a palpa-
ble violation of the treaty, so far as. they were
concerned, in the investment of these funds. It
may be true, as the Senator from Wisconsin says,
that where the Indians consented in the treaty
that the Government might make this invest-
ment, and where they were consulted, it was
measurably at their lisle, and not entirely at the
risk of the Government; but where the money
was taken by the Government and invested in
bonds without consultation with the Indians, and
without having complied with the provisions of
the treaty, it is a clear case that the Government
should respond whenever the interest becomes
duo. These treaties are not all alike in that re-
spect, though 1 do not know but the same gen-
eral principle should apply to them all. I believe
that the Government, as it takes the money of
these Indians, should be responsible to them for
the interest year by year. If the Government
makes a bad use of the money, any use by which
they do not get the interest year by year, the
Government should be lesponsible, and stand up
to its agieemrnt with the Indians.
These treaties are a farce; we ought not to go
through the solemnity of ratification here in ex-
ecutive session, if we do not intend to live up to
them. If, after having gone through the form of
making a treaty with the Indians and having the
Piesident send it in here and we in executive ses-
sion ratify jt, it is not to be lived up to, if we are
to live up to its provisions whenever it is for our
interest to do so, and violate them whenever it is
for our interest to do so, with a people entirely
dependent upon us, with persons in our hands
entirely helpless, it is a mere mockery and farce
to make a treaty at all. But that is not all. It
is in bad faith. When we are dealing with men
who are equal to us and whose consent is had to
the transaction, if it turns out badly, there may
be some justification; but when we take the money
of these helpless pei sons, when we sell their lands
and take the gold, (as was done in this case in my
own State, for I was there and saw it, and at-
tended the sale,) and bring it on here, without
complying with the conditions of the treaty, with-
out consulting with the Indians according to the
provision of the treaty and agreeing with them
how much of it should be invested and how
much of it should be divided, I say there is a pe-
culiar reason why the Government should stand
up to that contract if it does not in regard to con-
tracts made where there was no such specifica-
tion.
These Indians were induced in that treaty to
take their landa in severalty, that is, to have a
quarter or a half section set off to each one of
them; and in that treaty they provide for selling
the balance, so that they may get money to help
them to improve their land, build houses, make
farms, and adopt the habits of civilization. They
consented to sell the balance of their reservation
to the Government in order that they might havo
the proceeds of that balance with which to make
farms. This tribe is advanced in civilization,
and would have got along even without money
tolerably well but for the unfortunate circum-
stance that they were on the border of my State,
and have been run over by every party until every
pony, every horse, every cow, and every animal
they had has been stripped from them. Living
precisely on the border of Missouri as they do,
with no settlements between them and Missouri,
they have been peculiarly exposed.
Now, I say when the Government has taken
their money against the provisions of the treaty,
not having complied with it, and invested it with-
out their knowledge or consent in bonds that
have not paid their interest, it presents a claim
that is irresistible. I do not believe that men who
will deal honestly and fairly one with another will
oppose that portion of the claim contained in the
clause proposed to be stricken out. I do not
know but that there may be some tribes--^ have
not looked at all the treaties—where this money
was invested with their consent and by their ap-
proval. Some of them may have paid their in-
teicst year by year. Some of these investments
were made just before the rebellion, and on the
part of those who managed affairs at that time
with the implied intent that the funds of the In-
dians should be placed in those bonds that were
not paying interest, or else they wanted to realize
.from some of those southern bonds, and took that
way of getting money out of them.
Now, Mr. President, 1 propose—I d£ not wish
to argue the question or to take up the time of the
Senate—I propose to have the vote of the Sen-
ate, whenever the Senate shall be-ready to^ive
it, upon this question whether they will make
good the investments which they have made for
these Indians, or whether they will repudiate
them. The question is fairly and openly pre-
sented in thisamendment; because if these bonds
are to be repudiated, if the Government is to de-
cline paying the interest upon them, the Indians
should know it; and they should not be coming
up here year after year for the interest when the
Government has declared that it will not pay it.
The Government with the strong hand took their
money and invested it in bonds paying no inter-
est. The consequence is they have had nothing
with which to improve their farms and nothing
for their support, but have been scattered and
plundered by every band that has run among
them.
Mr. President, I admit there is a dark dispen-
sation of Providence in regard to the Indian. He
is fadingbefore us as fastas civilization advances;
but that providence can be traced, in a great meas-
ure, to the action of the Government itself; and
this will only be adding to the calamities that
have befallen the Indians. If you take his money
and invest it so that he can got neither principal
nor interest, you add another weight to the great
burden that is already bearing him down. In this
way you make the Indian lose entire confidence
and faith in the Government. You cannot make
an Indian—you can hardly make a white man—
understand, if you take his money and agree to
pay him interest year by year upon it, and when
the year comes round and he comes and asks for
it and you tell him you have invested it and lost
it, that you are dealing with him m good faith.
He does not believe m the Government or the in-
dividual that will take his money in good faith
on his part for investment, and then, by some
transaction of theirs, lose it. I say this willbreed
dissatisfaction among the Indians, and it will be
a very just cause of dissatisfaction, too. We
