1894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
may tax the mint; they may tax patent rights; tliey may
tax the papers of tlie custom-house; tiiey may tax judicial
process i they may tax all the means employed by Ike Gov-
ertiment to an excess which would defeat all the ends of
Government. This was not intended by the American
people. They did not design to make their Government de-
pendent on the States
"What a golden truth ! How we are suffering
at this moment because thus fttr in our history we
have not followed that-simple principle. " They
iid not design to make their Government depend-
ent on the States;" and now at this late day we
are compelled to argue again this principle against
eminent Senators who propose to make the na-
tional banks dependent on the States. It may be
■aid that the proposed dependence is small. I
am not sure of this. It is enough that it is a de-
pendence. Whether great or small it ought not
to be sanctioned.
'"Gentlemen say'1—'
The Chief Justice continues—
11 they do not claim the right to extend State taxation to
these objects. They limit their pretensions to property. Bat
on what principle is this distinction made? Those who
make xt have furnished no reason ibr it, and the principle
for which they contend denies it."
But these very arguments have been adduced
in this debate, and such is the answer of the Chief
Justice, He then, at another place, goes on as
follows:
"The question is, in truth, a question of supremacy; and
if the right of the States to tax the means employed by the
General Government be conctdcd, the deelaiation that the
Constitution and the iaws made in pursuance thereof thali
be the supreme law of the land is empty and unmeaning
declamation."
There, sir, you have it again. Since the Con-
stitution and the laws made in pursuance thereof
are supreme, no State can constitutionally inter-
meddle with the means employed by the national
Government. But every argument against the
possession of the power under the Constitution
is an argument against the concession of the
power. We are now pressed to concede what this
great authority says a State ought not to have.
Again, in another place, the Chief Justice says:
" But when a St-.te taxes the operations of the Govern-
ment of the United States"—
' Mark, if you please, the vigor of the expres-
sion I How worthy of that great Chief Justice I
" But when a State taxes the operations of the Govern-
ment of the United States, it acts upon institution* creatcd
not bv their own constituents but by people over whom
tJiey claim no control. It acts upon the measures of a Govern-
ment cieated by others as well as. themselves., lot the bene-
fit of others in common with them-elves. The diftV-tenee
is that winch always exists and always. mu<t exist between
the action of the whole on a pait and the action ot a part
on the whole; between the laws ol a Govcuimontdeelaicd
to be supreme and those of «i ipveininent which, when in
opposition to those laws, not nup^'me."
And the conclusion of this great judgment is
as follows:
"Thecornt ha* bestowed on  he subject its mo.-t delib-
erate consideration. The ro-ult is a conviction that the
States have no potccr, by taxation or otherwise, to retard^
impede, burden, or in any manner contiol,thc operations
of the constitutional laws enacted by Congress to carry into
execution the powers vested in the General Government.
This is, we think, the unavoidable consequence of that
supremacy which the Constitution has declared. We aie
unanimously of opinion that the law passed by the -Legis-
lature of Maryland, imposing a tax on the Bunk of the
United States, is unconstitutional and void."
Now, sir, every consideration, every argument
which goes to sustain this great judgment, may
be employed against the proposed concession to
the States of the power to tax this national insti-
tution in any particular, whether directly or in-
directly. The reason of thejudgment is as strong
against an indirect tax as against a direct tax.
Sir, this is not all. 1 need not remind the Sen-
ate that there are other judgments of the Supreme
Court in which this same principle is developed,
perhaps not with equal ability, but with perfect
tenacity to the original conclusion. In another
case the question was raised whether a State had
' a constitutional authority to tax stock issued for
loansto the United States. Of course it was held
by the Supreme Court that it had no such power.
In the opinion of the court which was again
pronounced by Chief Justice Marshall, the ori-
ginal judgment in McCulloch vs. The State of Ma-
ryland was expressly affirmed, some of its im-
portant principles were quoted, and then the Chief
Justice went on to say:
" It is admitted by the counsel for the defendant's that
thepovjerto tax stock must ajj'ect Hie terms on which loans,
Will be made."
Hut here let me ask* nmat not the power to tax
bank shares affect their value in the market?
Clearly just as much as the power to tax stock.
There can be no difference in principle between
the two cases. And yet we are now uiged to allow
the States to tax bank shares, although by posi-
tive legislation we have prohibited them from tax-
ing stock. It is difficult to comprehend how Sen-
ators could so easily.ollow the exemption in one
case and refuse it in the other.
The Chief Justice proceeds:
" But this objection, it *s said, has no more weight, when
urged against the application of an acknowledged power
to Government stock, than if urged against its application
to lands sold by the United States."
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable member
tell me what case he is now citing from?
Mr.SUMNER. Weston us .The city of Charles-
ton, in 2 Peters.
" The distinction is, we think, apparent. When lands
are sold, no connection remains between the purchaser
and the Government. The lands pmchased become a part
of the mass of property m the country, with no implied ex-
emption fiom common burdens. All lands are derived
from the general or p.uticular Government, and all lands
aie subject to taxation. Lands sold aie in the condition
ot money bonowed and repaid. Its, liability to taxation,
In any form it may then assume, is not questioned. The
connection between the bonower and the lender is dis-
solved. It is no binden on loans, it is no impediment to
the power ot' bin rowing, that the money when repaid loses
its exemption fiom taxation. JJut a tax upon debts due
from the Goueriimrnt stands, tre think, ori very different
principles from a tax on hinds which the Government has
ioM."
The learned commentator on the Constitution,
Mr. Justice Story, after copious extracts from
those judgments, fives his own summary as fol-
lows—I quote fiom 1 Story on the Constitution,
section ten hundred and fifty-three:
" It is observable that the^e decisions turn upon the point
that no State cau have authority to tax an instrument of
the United States, or thereby to diminish the means of the
United States n.scd in the exercise of powers confidcd to it.,,
Sir, I need nothing further than this principle,
if Senators would only bear it in mind and follow
it to its natural conclusion. " These decisions,"?
says the commentator, " turn upon the point that
no State can have authority to tax an instrument
of the United States, or thereby to diminish the
means of the United States used in the exercise
of oowers confided to it."
^owj sir, we are proposing to create a vast sys-
tem of national banks, an immense instrument
for national ciedit. Is it not an instiument? Is
it not as much an instrument as your navy-yard,
or your arsenal, or your mint? Nor does it yield
in importance to either of these. Where will be
your navy-yard, your arsenal, or your mint if
the credit of this country is allowed to fail ? It is
an instrument])) the public service, and an instru-
ment of the highest anu most delicate character;
and yet Senators gravely propose on this floor to
allow States to interfere by local taxation to im-
pede and clog its operations; at a moment, too,
when by the confession of all it is essential that
our finances should be strengthened in every pos-
sible way.
Why, sir, the very measure under considera-
tion seeks to create a new currency by a system
of national banks which shall supersede the ex-
isting Suite banks as agents of currency. Of
course the new system must begin in rivalry with
the State banks, which in many oises will be
hostile. This is no inconsiderable impediment.
But this impediment will be increased if the na-
tional banks shall be exposed to local taxation.
It is an untiied experiment upon which you are
about to enter. On every account the experiment
should be made under the most favorable circum-
stances—precisely as when we have put stock in
the market. The national banks should be com-
mended lii every possible way. But instead, it
is proposed to fasten upon them a liability which,
if it do not compel the people to avoid them, will
at least keep them in rivalry with the State banks,
so that the new system cannot become truly ef-
fective. It seems to me that theie is but one
practical course for all who aie sincerely in favor j
of the pioposed system. Naturally, all who are ;
against it will favor any limitation or buiden j
which can impair its efficiency. But all who are i
for the system, and wish to see it doing all the
good ir can at this moment, will take care that it
is not compelled to carry weight. The whole
case may be briefly summed up. Are you in earn-
est to place the national credit on a sure founda-
tion? Are you in earnest fot the national banks
as v proper agency to this end? If you are in
earnest for these, two objects, then I entreat you
not to allow them to be sacrificed in subserviency
to State rights.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts gave us yesterday two
points which he called points of argument. To-
day he has given us a running commentary upon
a decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States, with which those of us who are lawyers
might be supposed to be tolerably familiar, in con-
nection with a little poetry. 1 ain very glad that
this dry subject of finance can occasionally be
softened and illuminated by an admixture of that
which makes it a little more interesting. I think
that his argument to-day, even that part of it
which has been drawn from the opinion of the Su-
preme Court, delivered by Chief Justice Marshall,
is all of it poetical in this, that the Senator draws
upon his imagination for the application of what
he has read to the question under debate, because
in my judgment it has no earthly application as a-
matter of law to the question now befoie us. Of
that, however, I will speak by and by. I wish to
allude first to the points which he started yester-
day.
He began by saying that the proposition of the
Senator from Michigan was patriotic and there-
fore right. Whether he meant to insinuate that
all of us who supported the opposite opinion were
unpatriotic and therefore wrong, I do not know,
but such would seem to be the natural inference
from what he said.
Mr. SUMNER. I think I said that it was
patriotic, and therefore practical.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That, I suppose, would
be precisely the same thing. I should suppose
that the opposing idea would be infened; the
natural conveise of it, as he put it, was that all
of us who supported the contiary opinion wine
unpractical, and therefore unpatriotic. Tha* is
a question that remains to be buttled. Whether
this proposition is patriotic or not nuisl depend
upon its wisdom, i will venture to say to the
Senator that in relation to these matteis of legis-
lation that which is unwise can never be patri-
otic, because it can never be the part of patuot-
ism to do that which is unwise in refeience to the
interests of the Republic; and that question of
the wisdom of leaving this mutter within the
power of the States, so far as this amendment
proposes to leave it, is precisely the question
which we are called upon to settle; how tar is it
wise to do so, and how far is it unwise to do so?
That is the matter now under discussion, and J
hardly agree to the style of argument assumed
by the Senator from Massachusetts in begin-
ning with the assertion that what we propone to
do is unwise and wrong, taking that forgrMUeU,
and not endeavoring to prove ii, and then going
on to argue that because it is unwise and wrong,
therefore we arc all out of the way in the course
we are pursuing. If he is right m his nrst prop-
osition, I grant him that all the rest follows; but
that, with due submission to h nn, is precisely the
question we are called upon to settle. 14iave ihe
misfortune to differ from the honorable Senator
on that point; so has my honoiable frond fnnn
Vermont; so has the honorable oenator tiom .Ma-
ryland; so have other Senators on this floor, if I
may judge from what has been said to me; and
it is not to be assumed that all of us are unprac-
tical, and that we must sit at the fuel of the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts to Ivrn what
is practical in matters of legislation, esp anally in
matters relating to finance.
Now, sir, take the other point of the Senator's
argument; there were two in it ye??er.iay: the
second was that an exemption fiom Suae taxation
is necessai y to place these banks on an rqual loot-
ing, inasmuch as they must be established in li-
ferent States. Will they not be unequal nee-
sanly,from the very fact that they £ue located m
different States? Every bank winch i;< located
a city must be governed in its operations by the
circumstances of the community I <y which it is sur-
rounded. It must operate accoiding to those cir-
cumstances. They may be more favorable or less
favorable for banking operations. Tc ou cannot
make them equal unless you place them under the
same circumstances, in the same place, and in the
same community. For mstane", a bank located
in the city of New York and a bank located in
the city of Detroit would not operate piecu>ely
under the same circumstances, or with 'the same
