26a
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 21,
38ki Ccng.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
commissioners may cause the applicant's name
to.be registered, as hereinbefore provided, and
they shall then receivehisvote; andifsaid appli-
cant or such qualified elector shall, in said mat-
ter, willfully make any false statement, he shall
be deemed'guilty of perjury, and, on conviction,
be subject to the pains and penalties thereof..
Approved, June 1, 1864.
N6.-38.—A-Resolution to compensate the Sailors
on the Gunboat "Baron De Kalb" for loss of
Clothing.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper acounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized,
in settling the accounts of the petty officers, sea-
men, sailors,and others of the crew of the United
States gunboat "Baron de Kalb," to allow to
each a sum not exceeding fifty dollars as a remu-
neration for the damage they may have sustained
in the loss of their clothing by the destruction of
said v.essel, to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, June 7, 1864.
No. 39.—A Resolution authorizing the Accept-
ance of a certain Testimonial from the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Surgeon Solomon Sharp, of the
Navy of the Uiiited States, be, and he hereby is,
authorized to accept the piece of plate recently
presented to him by the Government of Great
ferit&in as a mark of high appreciation of the un-
remitting attention and kindness shown by him
to certain officers of the British ship " Grey-
hound," while in the naval hospital under his
charge, at Norfolk, Virginia.
Approved, June 7, 1864.
No. 40.—A Resolution tendering the Thanks of
Congress to Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Bailey,
of the Fourth Regiment of Wisconsin "Volun-
teers.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congress be, and
they are hereby, tendered to Lieutenant Colonel
Joseph Bailey, of the fourth regiment "Wisconsin
volunteers, acting engineer of the nineteenth Army
corps, for distinguished services in the recent
campaign on the Red river, by which the gun-
boat flotilla under Rear Admiral David D. Porter
was rescued from imminent peril.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
President of the United States be requestnd to
cause-a copy of this resolution to be transmitted
to Lieutenant Colonel Bailey.
Approved, June 11, 18G4. >
No. 41.—Joint Resolution granting certain Priv-
ileges to the City of Dos Moines, in the State
of Iowa.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the United States hereby relin-
quish to the city of Des Moines, in the State of
Iowa, a municipal corporation established under
the laws of said State, all their right and interest
in the coal beds underlying the river Des Moines,
within the limits of said city: Provided, That no
disposition or use thereof shall be made which
shall obstruct the free navigation of said river;
norshali any one grantof the privilege of mining
the same extend for a longer period than ten
years.
Approved, June 15, 1864.
No. 42.—A Resolution to provide for the Revis-
ion of the Laws of the District of Columbia.
Whereas the revised code of the District of
Columbia, prepared under the authority of Con-
gress, entitled "An act to improve the laws of
the District of Columbia, and to codify the same,"
approved March third, eighteen hundred and fifty -
fivc, and which was published by order of Con-
in the year eighteen hundred and fifty-seven;
and whereas said code is believed to have been, a
comprehensive, complete, and accurate compila-
tion of the laws of said District at the period of
its execution, and that measures should be taken
to have the work brought down to the present
time and perfected: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Committees on the District
of Columbia of the two Houses of Congress,
respectively, be instructed to cause said code to
be so revised, amended, and corrected, and also
the laws of Congress for said District passed
since the compilation aforesaid, as shall adapt
the same to the present condition of the laws,and
may employ not more than two suitable persons
on the preparation of the work, at a compensa-
tion of ten dollars per day for the time employed.
And said code so prepared shall be printed by
direction of said committees in a neat and con-
venient form for, the use of the committees and
Congress; and said committees shall report the
same to their respective Houses at the next ses-
sion of Congress for adoption.
Approved, June 18, 1864.
No. 43.—A Resolution explanatory of an Act
entitled "An Act extending the time for the
completion of the Marquette and Ontonagon
Railroad of the State of Michigan."
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the provisions of the act entitled
"An act extending the time for the completion of
the Marquette and Ontonagon railroad of the
State of Michigan," shall be so constiued as to
extend the time for completing only so much of
said road as lies between Marquette and Onton-
agon.
Approved, June 18, 1864.
No. 45.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Navy to amend the Contract with
John Ericsson for the construction of two im-
pregnable Floating Batteries, the "Dictator"
and the " Puritan."
Whereas the Navy Department on the twenty-
eighth day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, entered into contract with Captain John
Ericsson, of the city of New York, for the con-
struction of two impregnable floating batteries,
the "Dictator" and the " Puritan;" and whereas
experience with a similar class of vessels in act-
ual conflict and during a varied service of more
than two years has demonstrated that many im-
provements could be made to render them more
complete and efficient as vessels of war; and
whereas these improvements have added largely
to the cost of construction of each of these ves-
sels, rendering it impossible for the contractor
to complete them under existing arrangements;
and whereas it is of the utmost importance to
the honor and interests of the country that they
should be finished and ready for service at the
earliest moment: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Navy be,
and he is hereby, authorized to amend the exist-
ing contract for the construction of these vessels
so far as it relates to the "Puritan," and to ap-
point a competent board to ascertain the present
valuej as far as completed, of that vessel, and of
the material on hand deemed actually necessary
to her construction, and to pay to Captain John
Ericsson, the contractor, the amount of valuation
so ascertained, deducting therefrom any sums al-
ready advanced towards the completion of said
vessel; and that upon said payment being made
by the Secretary of the Navy the rights of the
contractor to said vessel and material, or any
portion thereof, shall cease and be vested wholly
andabsolutely in the United States, which shall
thsnceforth proceed to complete said vessel un-
der such arrangements as may be deemed most
advantageous: Provided, however, That nothing
| herein contained shall in any manner affect the
contract for the construction of the "Dictator,"
! which shall be completed by said contractor upon
the same terms and conditions as if this resolu-
tion had not been passed: And provided further,
That no action shall be had uuder this resolution
until said contractor shall have signified to the
Secretary of the Navy, in writing, his accept-
ance of its provisions and his willingness to su-
perintend to completion the construction of the
"Puritan:" Provided further, That this resolu-
tion shall not take effect until the completion and
delivery of the "Dictator:" Provided, also, That
it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Navy,
in carrying this resolution into execution, to ap-
portion and apply to the " Dictator," in payment
for that vessel, only such portion of the gross
contract price of the two million three hundred
thousand dollars ($2,300,000) for the " Dictator"
and "Puritan" as the "Dictator" would justly
be entitled to if both vessels had been completed
at the price and in the mode of construction
specified in the contract, special reference being
had to the difference of cost between the two
vessels arising from the difference in their con-
struction provided for in the contract.
Approved, June 25, 1864.
No. 46.—Joint Resolution amendatory o-f "An
Act to provide for the Deficiency in the Appro-
priation for the Pay of Officers and Men act-
ually employed in the Western Department, or
Department of Missouri."
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That where any person or persons hold-
ing any power of attorney or assignment exe-
cuted subsequent to August sixteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, and prior to January
twenty-second, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, for the sum adjudged due to any officer or
soldier by the commissioners appointed under
joint resolution approved February sixteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, shall have paid
any money to any officer or soldier on the faith
of such power of attorney or assignment, that the
paymaster appointed to disburse the funds ap-
propriated by the act approved January twenty-
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, to pro-
vide for the deficiency in the appropriation for
the pay of officers and men actually employed in
the Western department, or department of Mis-
souri, be, and he is hereby, authorized and di-
rected to pay to such person or persons the
amount thus paid to any officer or soldier, upon
such attorney or assignee making and filing an
affidavit to the effect that the amount was actually
paid to said officer or soldier, and upon the pay-
master being satisfied that the amount was actu-
ally paid; and the amount paid such attorney or
assignee under this resolution shall be deducted
from the amount due said officer or soldier, any-
thing in any previous action of Congress to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Approved, June 25, 1864.
No. 47.—A Resolution for the Relief of Clerks
attheKittery and Philadelphia Navy-Yards.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That in the settlement of the accounts
of the Kittery and Philadelphia navy-yards, the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury be,
and they are hereby, authorized to allow such
sums as have already been appropriated by Con-
gress for the pay of clerks at said yaids, from
October, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, to
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine.
Approved, June 25, 1864.
No. 49.-—Joint Resolution to continue in force
the Joint Resolution entitled " Joint Resolution
to increase temporarily the Duties on Imports,"
approved April twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the joint resolution increasing the
duties on imports, approved April twenty-ninth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, be, and is here-
by, continued in force until the first day of July
next.
AppRotEii, June 27, 1864.
