1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
could hardly coax them to beliase that sufch a
Government as that was worth sustaining. I
hope this question may be considered and voted
upon fairly at this time by the Senate.
_ Mr. LANE, of Jtansas. Is it in order to amend
the original proposition ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is,
Mr. POMEROY. Let us take a vote on it as
it now stands.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am not prepared to
take a vote upon it as it stands. I propose* the
following amendment-to the-clause proposed to
be stricken out:"'
But no part of said appropriation shall be paid to any In-
dian tribe, any portion of which has been in rebellion against
tile Government.
1 desire to state that there is but a small portion
of this large amount that is held by loyal tribes
The mass of it is held by the Choctaws and Chicka-
saws who have been in rebellion against the Gov-
ernment. I wish now to ask the chairman of the
committee the question that I proposed to ask
when I rose before. It does not sound fairly upon
my ear to have such a transaction as was had with
the Weasand Kaskaskias indorsed by anymem-
ber in this Senate; and I put this case to the chair-
man of the committee, i am guardian for a ward.
I have in my possession $98,000 of good notes of
solvent individuals as guardian; I make up my
mind to run away; I take those good notes and
sell them in the market for the money, and take
that money and invest it in the handsof my com-
panions who are about to run away with me; if
any portion of my property was left behind, w,ould
not that property be liable to that debt?
Mr. JOHNSON. The United States did'not
run away.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That portion of the
United States did run away; the miserable hell-
hounds who held these bonds ran away, but be-
fore they ran away they invested the money of
these Indians, our wards, helpless men, women,
and children, in violation of a plain and emphatic
contract and treaty, in the property of the crea-
tures who were running away with them; and
the chairman of the Committee on India-n Affairs
stands up in his place in this Senate and says that
that is an honest transaction, and that we ought
not to repudiate the action of our villainous agents,
and stand by our treaty made with these helpless
creatures, who have by this war been rendered un-
able to help themselves! As has been remarked
by my colleague, they are upon our border, they
have been stripped of everything, and so strong
a case was made before the committee that we
agreed, instead of paying them their honest dues,
$14,000, to present them $5,000. What sort of a
transaction is that for business men? I owe a
man $14,000; I say to him, " I will not pay you
$14,000, but I will give you $5,000 to wait a little
longer, as an act of chanty."
There is but a very small portion of this amount
held by loyal Indians, and under my amendment
we cut off the amount held by disloyal Indians.
1 hope the amendment to the amendment will be
adopted, and then I hope the action of the House
of Representatives and the Finance Committee
will be concurred in.
Mr. BROWN. I do not think the amendment
of the Senator from Kansas will be found to di-
minish this appropriation one particle. „I think
it wiH be found just as easy to establish the loy-
alty of these Indians as it is to establish the loy-
alty of all other claimants that I have ever seen
come before, the United States. I do not, there-
fore,attach any practical importance to the amend-
ment which he has offered.
So far as the question of recognizing the claim
of these Indians in Kansas is concerned, I have
only to state that the committee to which the mat-
ter was referred, afteran investigation and exam-
ination of it, came to the conclusion that it was
not a just claim against the Government; that it
was not right that the Government should assume
this debt. Therefore, as far as the question has
been intrusted to the action of the committee of
this body, their sentiment is against it, as has al-
ready been stated by the chairman of that com-
mittee.
Now, as this clause stands coming from the
Committee on Finance, I understand it has been
reported simply because the provision was m the
bill us it camefrom the House of Representatives,
but that the mombers of the Committee on Fi-
nance concur in the propriety of having this clause ■
-stricken out. -I trust the Senate will Hot now
upon the validity of a claim .which will sot.
the precedent, perhaps, for we cannot tell how
many claims, amounting to how many millions
of dollars; butthat if the question is to be decided
it will be postponed, and will not be determined
upon the bills which have been referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs. I trust, sir, that
the Senate will concur in striking out this clause
from the appropriation bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to make one remark
in regard to the statement read by the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs. According
to that statement $73,000 of the money of the
Pottawatomie Indians of my State was invested
the same as the $98,000 of the Weas. .1 should
like to know how it is that the interest on that
$73,000 is paid tothePottawatomies. You.com-
menced paying them in 1861. This same Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs—I do not mean the same
members—have been able in some way, I do
not know how, perhaps it was by treaty, as the
Pottawatomies made a treaty—but in some wa*y
the Pottawatomies have had their payment year
after year on the interest of $73,000 of these .very
bonds invested for their benefit; so that if this
clause is allowed to remain in the bill it will be no
precedent; the precedent has already been estab-
lished.
Mr. SHERMAN. This large appropriation did
not escape the attention of the Committee on Fi-
nance. I have not been present during the dis-
cussion this morning, and I do.not know whether
it was explained or not by the chairman of that
committee. I do not%ee him in his seat. The
platter was noticed; but as it came to the Senate
in a Housebill we did notfeel itourduty to move
to strike it out without a full examination of the
claim. That we had not the time to make; nor
was the Finance Committee the proper commit-
tee to investigate the propriety of the claim. It
was therefore left in the bill without amendment;
but the attention of the Indian Committee was to
be called to it, so that they might examine the
matter and pass upon the legality of the claim.
The Finance Committee never investigated it, and
certainly never gave their sanction to this claim
in the sense in which a report of St committee is
usually spoken of. I myself shall vote to strike
it out on the general principle that I do not be-
lieve the United States is bound to guaranty the
investments for the benefit of the Indians.
The United States stands toward these Indians
precisely like a guardian of a ward. It is bound
to use reasonable and due diligence in the care of
the funds of the ward; no more, no less. The
investment of this money in these bonds was not
a bad investment at the time it was made. The
secession of the States, and their failure to pay the
interest, does not change the liability or make the
United States the guarantor of those bonds. No
such legal relations exist between the United
States and the Indians.
I may here remark that the whole relation be-
tween the United States and the Indians is the
most absurd that can probably be imagined. We
treat these Indian tribes like foreign nations. We
send our Governors and ex-Governgrs and other
authorities to negotiate treaties with a people who
cannot read or write, who do not know the differ-
ence between a dollar and a sovereign, without in-
telligence, who are dependent upon us for their
daily bread. . We treat thpm as we do the most
favored nation. We negotiate treaties with them,
bring them here, and have them ratified by the
Senate.
The whole relation between the Indian tribes
and the United States is the most ridiculoois pos-
sible ; and I hope some day or other a gentleman
familiar with the subject will bring in a bill abol-
ishing the whole system and providing for the
government of the Indian tribes as subjects. Until
we treat them as citizens and give them the right
to vote, we ought to treat them as subjects to be
governed, to be protected in their natural rights, to
be looked after and watched over as children.
We ought to protect them ffom our own people.
The worst enemies they have got are our own
people who go out there and rob and plunder j
them; and I ought to say further that from some |
information I have had, 1 believe the very worst j
enemies to these people m many cases are the men j
that the Government of the United States employs '
as agents'to protect them; t*6b  mh<p)«mlAr
them. That is my information; butthfe swmaet
between the white.and the Indian 'crewtosih'ostii-
,ity. The white man looksupoiuthef ndia >sa8
his natural enemy, a  occupy i ng land.that
to belong to himself, pur white peoplecoiistahtly
encroach on them ond do them great wrong.', it
is the duty of the Government of the United States
to protect tbeta. While we treatuhem as inde-
pendent powers to be negotiated. With, as a mat-
ter of course we cannot protect them.; That mat-
ter y of course, cannot be changed now on this bill;
but if the-chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs would report a bill to regulate our inter-
course with the Indians, regarding them1 inuhe
light of subjects or persons to be taken carp of,
he might do a great deal of good-.- The amount
appropriated by this bill is $4,000,000. ■
Mr. DOOHTTLE. TheSenator is mistake!#.
The whole amountof the estimates was $2,300*,000.
Perhaps we have added some $300,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. The footingupof the clerk
of the Committee ®n Finance, who is very ac-
curate, is over $3,800,000., There is no doubt
about the aggregate. The Indian appropriation
bill, some two or three years ago, reached
$3,000,000. The bill as it camefrom the-House
of Representatives contained appropriations to
the amount of over $3,600,000; the Committee on
Finance added one hundred and fifty or one hui*-
dred and sixty thousand dollars on account of
new treaties, making an aggregate of about
$3,800,000. The Committee on Indian AffakS
have struck off a few items. "•
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. The Senator must be mis-
taken. I had the estimates before me yesterday,
examining them and looking into them, and they
footed up but a little more than $2,300,000, less
than they were last year. To be sure, the appro-
priations we added yesterday add something to
that amount; but if this provision be stricken out
it will leave the bill pretty much as it came to us
so far as the amount of appropriations is con-
cerned, about $3,000,000. •
Mr. SHERMAN. ■ I take the footings of the
clerk of the Committee on Finance, -who is very
careful. 1 have rarely known him to make a
mistake of that character. The Senator says the
bill appropriates $3,000,000. It has been esti-
mated that all-the Indians in the United States
range somewhere between one and four hundred
thousand; it is rather indefinite. We have m>
census of them. Even different Commissioners
of Indian Affairs vary widely in their estimates of
the number of Indians. The expense of taking
care of them in our mode is very great indeed.
The expense of taking care of the Indians per
capita is much greater than the expense of man-
aging our Government in peace times, including
the Army and Navy, on the citizens per capita.
We do not pay anything to the great body of the
Indians; mostof them are roamingover the plains
of the West at no expense to the Government;
and it is manifest, therefore, that those with whom
we are brought in contact are the most expensive
citizensor subjectsof this country, and thismodd
of dealing with them is radically wrong. .1-think,
therefore, before we appropriate any more money
on doubtful claims m favor of the Indians, we
should reconsider our whole Indian policy, reor-
ganize it, put at the head of it some good Chris-
tian gentleman who will take care of the Indiuns
as children, and I think with one or two million
dollars we could then give them a great deal mgre
relief, a great deal more protection than we do
under the present system.
In conclusion I shall vote with the Committee
on Indian Affairs in this matter, simply because
the Committee on Finance havd not investigated
this subject; and if Senators base their votes
upon the idea that the Committee on Finanoe
have investigated and reported in favor of this
proposition, they are mistaken. We did not do
it, and could not have done it. We simply re-
ported the bill back as it was without amend-
ment, calling the attention of the Committee on
Indian Affairs to it. I shall vote with them to
strike out this large appropriation.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the latter
part of the remarks of the honorable member from
Ohio perhaps have no direct application lo the
question before the Senate; but iti relation to those
remarks, when he tells us that it will be better
to reorganize the whole system in relation to In-
