1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26^
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
No. 50.—Joint Resolution correcting a Clerical
Error in the Award of the Emancipation Com-
missioners.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to correct a clerical
error in entering the amount of the award of the
commissioners under the act of the sixteenth of
April, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, entitled
" An act for the release of certain persons held to
service or labor in the District of Columbia," in
the case of Nicholas Bowie, claimed by Martha
Manning.
Approved, June 28, 1864.
No. 51.—Joint Resolution to incorporate the
Young Men's Christian Association of the City
of Washington.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Cojigress
assembled, Tliat Benjamin Stinemets, Samuel Mc-
Elwee, jr., A. I. Stoddart, Samuel Ker Roberts,
S. Jordan, Albert Ebeling, Charles H.Norton,
George M. Powell, Warren Choate,Nicholas Du
Bois, Joseph T. Brown, and Joseph C. Clayton,
and their successors in office, be, and they are
hereby, incorporated and made a body-politic and
corporate by the name of the YoungMen's Chris-
tian Association of the City of Washington, and
by that name may sue and be sued, plead and be
impleaded, in any court of law or equity, and may
have and use a common seal,and thesamechange
at pleasure, and have, use, and exercise the pow-
ers, rights, and privileges incident to such cor-
poration.
Sec. 2. And belt further resolved, That the said
corporation shall be capable of acquiring, receiv-
ing, taking, and holding real and personal estate,
which estate shall never be divided among the
members of the corporation, hut shall descend to
their successors for the promotion of religious,
moral, educational, and benevolent purposes of
said corporation.
Sec. 3. And beitfurtherresolved, That this cor-
poration shall have power to alter and amend its
constitution and by-laws: Provided, That they do
not conflict with the laws of the United Slates,
or the laws of the corporation of the city of Wash-
ington.
Sec. 4. And be it further resolved, That said cor-
poration shall not exercise banking privileges,or
issue or put in circulation bank notes, or any
note, paper, token, scrip, or device to be used as
currency.
Sec. 5. And be itfu.rlher reso/That Congress
reserves the right to alter, amend, or repeal this
act at any time.
Approved, June 28, 1864.
No. 53.—Joint Resolution to authorize the Post-
master General to extend the Contract with the
Oveiland Mail Company.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America In Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster Geneial be, and
he is hereby, authorized and empowered, m his
discretion, to extend the mail contract number
ten thousand seven hundred and seventy-three
with the present contractors, or any other re-
sponsible parties, commonly known as the Over-
land Mail Company, for the term of one year from
the first day of July next, upon the same terms
and conditions with the present existing contract,
except as to schedule time, which shall not ex-
ceed sixteen days for eight months of the year,
and twenty days for the remaining four months;
and except as to compensation, which shall not
exceed the sum of eight hundred and twenty
thousand dollais, beyond the amount paid for
carrying o/the printed matter by water.
Approved, June 30, 1864.
No. 54 —Joint Resolution to provide for the pub-
lication of a full Army Register.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentative* of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretaiy ol'Wai be, and he
is hereby, authonzed and leqtured, m connection
with the Army Register (or the ycareighten bun-
dled and tixty-foui, to cause to be printed and
published a full roster or roll of all field,line, and
staff officers of volunteers who have been in the
Army of the United States since the beginningof
the present rebellion, showing whether they are
yet in the service or have been discharged there-
from, and giving casualties and otber explana-
tions proper for such Register. And to defray,
in whole or in part, the the expenses of this pub-
lication an edition of fifty thousand copies of
such enlarged Register shall be published, and
may be sold to officers, soldiers, or citizens, at a
price which shall not more than cover the actual
cost of paper, printing, and binding, and shall not
m any case exceed one dollar per volume.
Approved, June 30, 1864.
No. 55.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to release certain Parties
from Liabilities or Payment of Duties and Pen-
alties therein mentioned.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretaiy of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to release and dis-
charge the " Irish National Fair," recently held
at Chicago, of and from all liability heretofore
incurred for, or on account of, having sold goods
and lottery tickets without license or stamps, and
of andfiom the payment of all license fees, stamp
duties, or penalties incurred by reason of the sales
aforesaid.
Approved, June 30, 1864.
No. 56.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Interior to reclaim and preserve
certain Property of the United States.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and is hereby, authorized and directed to prevent
the improper appropriation or occupation of any
of the public streets, avenues, squares, or reser-
vations in the city of Washington belonging to
the United States, and to reclaim the same if un-
lawfully appropriated; and particularly to pie-
vent the erection of any permanent building upon
any property reserved to or for the use of the
United States, unless plainly authorizfd by act of
Congress, and to report to the Congress at the
commencement of Us next session, his proceed-
ings in the premises, together with a full state-
ment of all such property, and how, and by what
authority, the same is occupied or claimed. Noth-
ing herein contained shall be construed to inter-
fere with the temporary and proper occupation of
anyportion of such property, by lawful authonty,
for the legitimate puiposes of the United States.
Api>ro\ed, June 30, 1864.
No. 57.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of the
Officers of the Fourth and Fifth Indian Regi-
ments
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury are hereby directed to adjudicate
and settle the claims of those officers of the fourth
and fifth Indian regiments who were commis-
sioned by the War Department, and accepted
their appointments, for such time as they or either
of them were actually performing duty other than
that of recruiting for said regiments, and to pay
such claims out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated: Provided,however, That
no compensation shall be allowed beyond the pay
and emoluments incident to the respective rank
of the several officers; nor shall any claim be
considered or allowed except accompanied by the
official certificates or orders of the commanding
officer of the regular or volunteer officers of the
U.S. Army assigning them to such duty.
Approved, June 30, 1864.
No. 50.—A Resolution for the Relief of the State
of Wisconsin.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Department
of the Interior shall, m adjusting the amount due
the State of Wisconsin, under existing laws, as
five per centum of the net proceeds of sales of the
public lands within her limits, estimate and charge
against her the value of the one hundred and
twenty-five thousand four hundred and thirty-one
and eighty-two one-hundredths acres of land
granted to the Territory of Wisconsin, to aid in
the construction of the Milwaukee and Rock River
canal which have been sold by said Territory or
said State, at one dollar and twenty-five cents per
acre, and as much more as the Territory and
State received upon the same upon sales of any
part thereof at a higher price, and shall credit said
State with the amount that has been legally and
properly applied by said State or Territory to-
ward the cost of selling said land and toward the
construction of said canal. And the said Secre-
tary shall also settle and allow to the Milwaukee
and Rock River Canal Company such sums of
money as have been properly expended by said
company in the survey and location of said canal,
in the construction thereof, as far as the same has
been constructed, together with dams,locks, and
slack-water navigation, and in the management
and keeping the same in repair; and the same
shall be paid to the said canal company out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, not exceeding in amount, however, the
balance charged against the State of Wisconsin
upon the sales of said canal lands, as above re-
quired, after deducting the sum allowed said State
for money paid by her out of the same fund. The
same to be received by said canal company in full
payment and satisfaction of all claims of said
company against the State of Wisconsin and of
the United States on account of said canal land
grant, or on account of any action of the Terri-
tory or State of Wisconsin, or of the United
States, in relation thereto.
Sec 2. And he it further resolved, That the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office be, arid he
is hereby, appointed commissioner to adjust the
accounts herein provided for, under the supervis-
ion of thcSecietary of the Interior, and to determ-
ine what sum shall be charged to said State of
Wisconsin for the lands granted for the construc-
tion of said canal; and what sums shall be cred-
ited, respectively, to said State and said company
for the moneys expended by them in the con-
struction of said locks and canal as herein pro-
vided.
Approved, July 1, 1864.
No. 60.—A Resolution explanatory of the Tenth
Section of "An Act to l educe the Expenses of
the Survey and Sale of the Public Lands 111 the
United States," approved May 30, 1862.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the tenth section of an act enti-
tled "Anact to reduce the expensesof the survey
and sale of the public lands in the United States,"
approved the thirtieth day of May, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, providing for the deposit of
money in a proper United States depository to
pay for the survey of public lands, shall be con-
strued to be an appropriation of the sums so de-
posited for the objects contemplated in the said
tenth section, and the Secretary of the Treasury
is authorized to cause the sums deposited under
the said section to be placed to the credit of the
proper appropriations for the surveying service:
Provided, That any excesses in the sums so depos-
ited, over and above the actual cost of the sur-
veys, comprising all expenses incident thereto, for
which they were severally deposited, shall be
repaid to the depositors respectively.
Approved, July 1,1864.
No. 61.—A Resolution to authorize the acquisi-
tion of certain Land for the use of the Govern-
ment Hospital for the Insane.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior is
hereby authorized to deed to John Perkins a por-
tion of the extreme south point or angle of the
farm of the Government hospital for the insane,
in exchange for two acres of land, more or less,
now owned and occupied by the said Perkins,
and situated near the middle of that side of the
hospital farm which fronts upon the public roads:
Provided, That not more than three acres is given
