1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wm
advantages or disadvantages; there would he a
difference necessarily, arising from the different
nature of tile business which they are called upon
to do. Giving the particular States whete they
are situated a right to levy a tax on them would
no more make them unequal than they would be
unequal before in their interest, in their business,
in anything with which they are concerned. This
idea of making everything uniform, making a sort
of Procrustean bed for everything that is done
by the United States Government, and declaring
that everything under it must be of the same
length, is perfectly preposterous. I know it is a
fanciful idea of the Secretary of the Treasury—
I say " fanciful" with no disrespect for him, for
everybody knowjs that there is no man whom
I lespect more—and with the Comptroller of
the Currency. They have dominated, to use a
common expression, with their prevailing idea
in regard to these two systems; and although I
would take their views upon the subject-matter
generally connected with it, yet upon particular
details, with all the feeling they have upon the
subject and the state of opinion generated by
dreaming over it for months, 1 think they are
hardly the men to whom I would go for my opin-
ion as to its operation on the people abroad, and
especially in the community where 1 re&idt1. I
choose lo judge for myself; and on that subject,
allowing for the difference of capacity that exists
between us and their supe'yority to myself in that
respectgeneraily, I am as good as they are, and
even better. I do not care, therefore, to have their
authority quoted to me as conclusive on a question
of this kind.
I have already alluded to the main points of
the Senator's argument yesterday. Wh.uhas he
been arguing to-day? Simply this, and no move,
that if the United Slates Government undertake
to pass an act establishing an agcncy, that agency
cannot be taxed out of existence by the States;
and he has read, what is perfectly familiar to all
of us, [iages of the general principles laid down
by Chief Justice Marshall in his opinion, which
no man disputes, about which there never was
u dispute, which we all admit to b^ true, and he
endcavois to apply that as an argument to a ease
where Congress itself says that the particular
power may be exerted. The argument, of the
Senator is that because the Supreme Court of the
United States have decided that a State govern-
ment cannot interfere and overturn one of the
agencies of the General Government, ergo, the
United States Government cannot consent to any
such thing. His argument was that, ot else it
was whoiiy thrown away, because the question
here is, what shall the Government assent tor
Mr. SUMNER. My argument was, on the
reasoning here, that they ought not to consent.
Mr. FESSKA'DEiv. Notat all,for that ques-
tion is not discussed whether they ought to con-
Sent or not._. On the contrary, what did the Ohief
Justice say'in this very opinion with regard to
tins veiy proposition that is now under debate,
and why did the Senator slide over it?
" Tins opinion din"* nnt (icpnvc the States of .my u;-
FOureeJ winch tli^y o.i^m.-ilty It do(!> not c\-
R'liil to a tax paid liv Hie umI piniii tti of the tank til com-
mon with the oiliei"ie:U piop-rj within the Suite, 1101 to
a I,ix impot-rd on the nilcie-i wlueli the citizens ol Alaiy-
i.mil m.iy Isold ill this in-!uutum in common Willi other
piop'.'ity ot the .-.ime dt^e.iption throughout the State.
But tlu^'"—
Tiie particular tax before the court—
"is a tax on the operation* of the bank, and is conse-
quently a tax fin the opoiatiou of an m-niumrnt employed
by the' Government of the Union to cany it* pi-vveis. into
execution. Such a tax must be unconstitutional."
Mr. SUMNER. And ray argument was that
the tax you now propose to allow the States to
impose was a tax .on t'he operations of this in-
strument.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But Chief Justice Mar-
shall says in so many words that iris not a tax
on the operations, and 1 am willing to take the
' opinion of thateminent Chief Justice, which the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts read,
against even as high authority as that^of the Sen-
ator himself on a question of law. This is not
a tax on the operations of the bank, and so the
Chief Justice r\piessly said. His decision left
to the State of Maryland 'he power to tax the
real estate of the bank: it left to thttt State the
power to tax the shares m the bank owned by
individuals in that State, bccausc that was not a
tax on the operations of the bank, but the tax
laid by the State of Maryland in the case befoie
the court was a tax *m the operations of the bunk,
and therefore it was unconstitutional. Why did
not the Senator read that?
The Senator illustrates, and jet us take his
illustrations. He asks, why not tax a navy-yard ?
Do the citizens of a State own the navy-yard ?
He asks, why not tax an aisenal? Do the citi-
zens of a State hold stock in an arsenal? Have
they put m their money and built it? Is it di-
vided into shares, and owned by them, and do
they derive a revenue from it? What similarity
is there in the cases? He asks,, why not tax the
Navy of the United States? is that held in joint
stock, diwded among the people of a State?" So
of anything else winch the Senator has cited as
nn 'llustration of his argument on this subject.
1 fit was, it would present precisely this question.
Here is a Case wheie not a dollar of this prop-
el ty is owned by the Government of the United
Stales, not a sixpence of it in any slmpe or form;
it is all the pi npcity of the citizens ol the States,
owned in joint stock, theit money put into it. Js
jt so with a navy-yaid ? is itso with an arsenal ?
Is itso with the Navy? Is it so with anythmg-
that the honorable Senator has uted ? What .sim-
ilarity between the cases' The Senator has not
only uiiSv'd o shadow to frighu n us with, put up
a man of straw to be knocked down, read famil-
iar principles which we all knew, but which are
not applicable, but he has made illustrations from
things which have no similarity to the case in
hand—not the slightest in the \\ orld.
i have disposed, ihcr. feie, in my own judg-
ment, so far as my own opinion is concerned, of
the effect of the Senaioi's atgumeist upon trie—
for I go no fut iher tl an that—of all he has chosen
to adduce, and esp< cially that which is founded
on the puiticuiar decision which he read. The
question there was whether a Stale could impose
a tax upon the operations of an instrumentality
made by tins Government for its own purpos« s.
That is the fiist distinction between the cases.
There is another distinction. Here we propose,
we who pass the act, the authority of the Gov-
ernment which makes the instrumentality, pro-
pose to sa> that to a certainexercise ofpowei on
the part of the State* we-as&ent; and therefore all
the argument adduced from this decision had not
the shghtestapplicahihty in thr: world. But when
we come to the question of expediency, the ques-
tion of propriety, the question of what is wise in
reference to this matter, the honorable Senatorar.d
myself may differ, and we do differ. If 1 differ j
from him, I have the honor of differing in very !
good company, I think. I
The honoiab'e Senator from Vermont did not j
argue that this provision was unconstitutional,
and yet the Senator fiom Massachusetts has la- ^
bored to show that, in spue of the tugument of j
the honorable Senator from Vermont, the con^ti- j
tutiona! power exists on the part of the Govern- j
ment to make us instrumentality and to prohibit j
the States ftom exercising any taxing power over j
it. Such was not the argumeutof the honorable !
Senator from Vermont,as 1 undeistood if; but ho ,
can speak for himself. There may be no ques- :
iton about the constitutional power. Nooonsn- i
tutiona! ques'ion has b. en raised. Nobody tha .
I know of has been tioub'eU with "Constitution j
on the btam" in reference to this matter. It. is a j
pure question of expediency, what is wise, what !
is just, in reference to this thing. It was well j
said by the honorable Senator from Vermont that j
we are not borrowing money. If we were bor- i
rowing money, we might borrow it upon such i
conditions as we chose to impose. 1
The honorable Senator foni Michigan undei- j
took to tell ns that wo had limited ouiselves to ;
one and a half per cent, as a tax upon the bonds |
that we have putout. The original act provided !
that no tax slnmM be laid by the States upon our .
bonds. When we came to frame the internal !
revenue bill, two years ago, we provided that a ,
tax of one and a .hall per cent, might be laid upon ,
these bonds, i do not imagine that that formed
a contract. It may be that I am wrong; but, m 1
my judgment, if we (.hose to-day to put in an
internal revenue bill three p^r cent._ or live pel
cnt. tax on our bonds we nr.abt uo it. lhat n,
no pait of the eontiACt hv Lich v/e loam d thi
money; but we chose to put one and a hall eer ,
nj'it. in fh.- bill at that tu.vi a* the pioner tax. '
How far we might be bound in good faith toward
those who have purchased-since that time may
be another question; but I see no difficulty in the
way of the exercise of that power if we choose
to exercise it.
Then the qu'estion returns precisely to where
it was as stated by the honorable Senator from"
Vermont, and as was intimated yesterday by riiy-
self in debate: what is just in regard to the States
themselves ? About that there would seem to be"
no dispute. And let me say to the Senator from
Massachusetts that when he talks about the effect
of this provision, that to allow the States to im- j
pose this tax is giving them the power to tax the 5
instrument itself out of existence, he errs, because
by the very provision we have made they are
limited in their power of taxation; they e.in tax
this property only as all other property is taxed.
When we attempt to say that the States may have
this power of taxation, we say just lmw far they
shallgo and no further. This being the paramount
law, will control them, and they cannot go an
inch beyond it; they are bound by the provision
that we make; and theSenator would be puzzled,
in my judgment, (unless he can show that the
tax which each State must impose would neces-
sarily do if.) to show that it is to operate so as
to t the in- rument out of existence. That was
not the argument in McCulloch vs. The State' of
Maryland. It was that a tax on the operations
of the machine would be giving a power to de-
stroy the machine. At any rate, that was the
argument, us I understand it.
Then, sir, after all it comes back to the simple
question of expediency, and there it must test; "
it is a mere matter of money. Shall the Govern-
ment of the United States be permitted to do what
they did not attempt to do when they established
the" Bank of the United Spates, to deprive the
people of the States of the^ight and the power to
make their citizens pay a tax upon their own
property which they held in these institutions;
or shall the income, the revenue to be derived
from that source, belong entirely to the United
States, and the States have no part in it?
If the Senator reads this bill he will perceive
that all the power of taxation upon the opera-
tions of the bank itself, all upon the circulation,
all upon the deposits, all upon everything which
can properly be made by a tax is reserved to the
General Government; that the States cannot touch
it in any possible form; that they are limited and
controlled; the simple right is given them to say
that the property which their own citizens have
invested in it shall contribute to State taxation
precisely as other property. If the operations of
this banking system are to be so very favorable;
if it is what its inventors and its friends suppose
it must be, that which is to take the place of every-
thing else of that description in the country, that
which is to control the currency of the country,
to make a new one, and if the $300,000,000 thus
invested arc to be exclusive and to crowd out
everything and everybody but the Government
of the United States,'! ask you what is to be the
power that they will exert with reference to mak-
ing money, and what is to be their ability for
tuxuion?
Gentlemen argue as jf this was a mere matter
to last during the war, foi ti year or two, more or
| less. Is it so? Does not the Secretary of the
Treasury dream and does he not believe that it'
is to extend through all time; that it is to be a
most remarkable success in its operations, and
commend itself to the confidence of the country,
give us a new and improved and a perfcct currency,
and be established in the affections and good opin-
ions of the people? If so, it is to be a matter for
i peace, for a iong'serics of years; and u hat is to be
! the case when peace comes? This power of doing
all the money business of the country is to be
vested in the favored few who happen to own this
stock or to get possession of if, and it is to be im-
meirvly profitable: and yet the property which
i composes it, owned by the citizens of the States,
] is to be taken entirely out of the hands and the
' potter of the Stotes for any beneficial purpose
' whatever to the States, That is what I believe
! will :mt commend u to the people of the States;
, ami ai;rr all if must rest in then good opinion.
• S.)-, I cannot close without saying oao wo'id on
the e ibjoct of State rights. We who advocate
i tins measure hav bf'u assmled— perhaps that is
too «tiona a word; there was no intention to as-
