THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, I). C.
Thirty-Eighth Oovrhrss, 1st Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1864.
 — --- W-
New Series....JN"d. 54,
sioners of election were appointed. Sir, thereare
several gentlemen upon this floor who know
whether a deputy clerk is a clerk.
Now, sir, the law of Virginia, as modified by
the Legislature of Wheeling, provides that the
commissioners of election of each county shall
make a return to the cicrk ofth'o county, where-
upon the facts of said return shall be certified to
the clerk of the first-named county in the district,
and thirty days thereafter the election shall be de-
clared. Instead of fulfilling the requirements of
the law these commissioners in Berkeley county,
taking it for granted that there was no clorkthere,
sent their return down to the clerk of Alexandria
county, who, instead of sending it back to be duly
certified by the county clerk of Berkeley county,
as the law requires, thirty days thereafter declared
the election, I am sorry to say that I have had
to make this fight against several little county
I clerks, persons who are strangers to me to a great
extent. 1 have had the clerks of the courts against
me. I am sorry for it, but I have no favors to ask.
Now, sir, let me say further, that supposing I
had evidence enough to obtain the seat if Virginia
was entitled to Representatives, I did not examine
into the character of the 700 votes cast for Mr.
Kitchen in Berkeley county. How many illegal
votes were polled in that county I do not know;
but that there were many I do not doubt. I made
no examination to any extent.
Mr. Speaker, just before this House met I saw
an article in the New York Times,* from a corre-
spondent in this city, that satisfied me that I was
to have difficulty. What reason Uie writer had
for making this statement about me God only
knows. The Lord have mercy upon him ! I have
no complaint to make about him. He has a right
to make his statements, but when he does he
should make true statements. I will read the cor-
respondence:
" Of Virginia—L. II. Chandler, like Andeison of Ken-
tucky, is for the Administration ' up to the hub.' flc is a
sound northern man, though the 'lib taken fioin hio ?idc5
by* mainage it> of Maryland. Joseph Segar is understood to
have had his suppoit of the Administration stiained to that
point of tension where pattiotisin almo.-t breaks; but he
has been heard to i>ay that he would vote for Casey for Clerk.
I regard him as sure to vote for the nominees of the Ad-
ministration caucus; J3. M. Kitchen stands t-quarely lor
emancipation. That's enough. lie will go into caucus,
too. So well is this known that the eon-piracy against the
country whieh seek* to icplacc Etheruige as Clerk, and to
make an anti-war Demociat Speaker,"has set up a man
named McKenzie to contest Kitchen's; seat, m older to
exclude his vote from the oigamzatiou of the Ilou^e."
Mr. GR INN ELL. I ask the gentleman
whether he. thinks it proper to allude to the New
York Times m its present impaled position.
[Laughter.]
Mr. McKENZlE. I hope the House will al-
low me to get through with my rcniaiks.
Mr. GRINNELL. I am going to vote for the
gentleman. But I undetstood him to be alluding
to the New York Times, and I wanted to ask
whether he thought it exactly right to say any-
thing about it [holding up an illustrated paper] in
its piesent impaled condition. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. This is trifling with a serious
subject. [Laughter.] I eall thegentleman to order.
j&fr. McKENZlE. Mr. Speaker, when I was
a boy I had a cousin who lived in North Caro-
lina. He was a preacher. It was before the days
of railroads. He used to start from below New-
bern and come up to Alexandria to preach the
gospel. He was a Scotchman, named Colin Mc-
ivor,and he never was in a hurry. He was clerk
of the synod of North Carolina. The President
of the United Status was nothing to the cleik of
the synod of North Carolina. Oil his way up to
Raleigh, where the synod was in session, he got
bothered with the cross-roads and lost his way.
Ho got into the woods and hallooed," Lost! lest!
lost!" An old negro coming along heard him,
ran to his master, and cried out, " Massa, there
a man out in the woods who says he is lost.'5 1
feel precisely in that position. I feel that i am
lost here.
Mr. Speaker, I would not have alluded to the
New York Times in this connection if I did not
/>4
believe that the person who made that attack
upon me was simply a partisan of somebody else.
A quiet, unobtrusive citizen, I was not much of
a politician. He did not know me, but was will-
ing perhaps to injure without knowing me. But
let that pass.
Mr. Speaker, I am, and have been all the time,
a friend of the Government. I did all I could to
prevent this unfortunate rebellion against a Gov-
ernment that had always been kind and paternal,
particularly so to the people of the South,and un-
der whose broad banner the South had so greatly
prospered, until in an evil hour the fire-eating
politicians brought on this war by firing on the
flag at Sumter, and thus inaugurated civil war and
its fearful consequences. Born within seven miles
of this Capitol, I have not been an uninterested
spectator of what has been going on here for over
twenty-five years past. I have watched the prog-
ress of affairs closely. I well recollect when the
collector of the port of Alexandria wrote to the
Secretary of the Treasury, Hon. Thomas Ewing,
of Ohio, and asked why he could not issue Ameri-
can protections to colored seamen, when these
very protections were issued from Norfolk pre-
vious to 1800. No answer came, nor has any
come yet. I well recollect that from October to
April of each year, before the days of railroads,
one or two vessels a month sailed from Alexan-
dria for New Orleans with cargoes of negroes for
that maiket; and I remember the scenes I have
witnessed caused by this disgusting traffic, and
the effect it had upon the public sensibility. I
well recollect the poor colored seamen incarcer-
ated in jail in Alexandria because they had no
free papers, and finally sold out for jail fees, and
perhaps many a one gone South into hopeless
slavety. For many a one, Mr. Speaker, have I
paid his jail fees and let him depart. 1 well rec-
ollect when Maryland passed an act providing
that when free negroes were convicted of a petty
offense they should, instead of being sent to the
jail oi penitentiary, be sold for one, two, three,
or five years, and to be kept in the State; and yet
there was an organized band of men in Baltimore
ready at the jail door to buy them and to give the
necessary bond, and then spirit them out of the
State to the South, to be sold, of course, for life.
In passing through Alexandria that one morn-
ing, on going to my counting-room, 1 learned that
some negtoe.s had been broughtthrough fiom Bal-
timore and confined in " Brum's jail," now called
the " slave-pen," and in putting them on the cars
of the Orange road for Lynchburg, one or two of
the negroes who were handcuffed had stated that
they were free men and had been sold for a term
of years in Maryland, but that the traders had
bought them and were now carrying them South
to be sold as slaves. Notwithstanding there were
respectable citizens standing by, that ought fo
have insisted upon an investigation, for fear of
doing right or of being called abolitionists they
peimuted them to be forced into the cars and to
be whipped also. Immediately I prepared a mes-
sage to the mayor of Memphis and got the mayor
of«the city to telegraph it at once to stop these
negroes until an examination could be had. I at
once wrote to Governor Hicks, of iMaryland, the
state of the case and the alarming increase of this
traffic, and he at once took action, sent to Ten-
nessee and had some of the negroes returned, and
put a stop to some extent to these outrages.
For the colored people, Mr. Speaker, I have
always l>ad great regard. I ha\e been their friend
for many, many years. I feel for them now. In
this piesent gigantic struggle they are bound to
suffer. Whether it is wise or judicious or prudent
to set them all free at once is hard to say. But I
will say this: 1 see no remedy now, except that
which has been adopted by the President to end the
rebellion. The course of the slave aristocracy of
the South has been such, in attempting to pall
down the great temple of liberty, and to built! up
a u great slave monarchy," that Ido not see any
chance for freedom for the poor men of the South,
or those who hold moderate \iews among the
great middle class, except by getting rid of the
institution altogether. There are many of the
slaveholders, however, who hold the same views
that I do on this subject. For the men ofmoderate,
views, who have been waiting and hoping and
praying for some means of deliverance from.this
tyranny of slavery, who are kind to the colored
people, I trust there will be more- kindness and
charity than seems now to prevail. Slavery is
not all the evil in the world; nor are all the evils
confined to the South, Nofr, Mr. Speaker, I
have done with this subject, and all the favor I
ask of the House is that the ayes and noes may be
taken on the report in my case. With the .result I
shall be content.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the contestant
complains that he has not been treated exactly"
fair by the Committee of Elections, and I wish
simply to correct that statement. The gentleman*
is laboring undera mistake. He said he intended
to conform himself to the law of 1861, and to hold
everybody else up to it. If he had himself been
held strictly up to it, he would have had no place
to come here and contest the seat at all. By the
law of 1861 a contestant must serve his notice on 1
the coniestee within thirty days of the time that
the sitting member is declared to be elected by
the officer authorized so to declare. Now, Mr.
Kitchen was declared by the proper officer duiy
elected on the 27th day of June. Notice of con-
test should have been served on him by the 27th
of July. The evidencc-of the service of the notice
is as follows:
Testimony of J. JF. Stauh.
" First interrogatory. Please state your name and resi-
dence.
"Answer. J. F. Stauh; residence Mailinsburg, Berkeley .
county, West Virginia.
" Secojul interrogatory. Please state whether you pre-
sented to Joseph Hoffman, Esq., a justice of the peaec tor
Beikcley county, certain subpenas,to be served on various
einzens of Berkeley county, at the instance and lequcist of
Le\vi> McKenzie, of Alexandria, Virginia, as witnesses in
the matter of a conte-t for a seat as Representative in the
Congress of the United States for the seventh congressional
district of Virginia, between him, the said McKenzie, and
B M Kitchen, E^q.; and whether or not the said J. Hoff-
man refused to ngn the same, so that they might be served;
and if so, the reason ot his decisions.
" Jlnstier. I icecived fiom LewisMcKenzie, through the
mail tor Maruntbuig, two packages containing subpenas,
on Fudav, the 27th November, which J presented to Mr.
Hoffman on the morning of the  28th November, to sign,
winch he positiveh refused to do, on the ground* that he
did not wi5-!) to eornpioiui^c himself in the matt* r; that fie
did not wMi to get hi^ friends in Berkeley county down
on intn loi it." *****+•**
" Sixth interrogatory. When did von serve the notice
sent you by Lewis MeKcnzie, dated 23d Juh , 1863. declar-
ing said McKenzie's intention of contesting the light of 13.
M. Kitchen to a M'at as a Representative ot the seventh
cqngiusr-innal distnet ot Yiiginia. m the Congic&a of the
United States?
"dnwer. Ten dajsor two weeks afterwards; Ireceived
ttiH the liist mail th.it came through."
He served the notice ten days or two weeks
after he received it, which must have been in Au-
gust. The gentleman will therefore do the com-
mittee the justice to say that the committee did
not impose upon him any arbitrary or unreason-
able rule; but, on the other hand, although his
own evidence showed that the notice of contest
was not served within the thirty days fixed by
the statute, the committee permitted him to submit
his case.
Mr. McKENZlE. That matter came up be-
fore the committee. I supposed that the chair-
man wanted to call my attention to the fact that
u was settled by the committee, and that 1 had
only to comply with the law. The committee
agreed, I think, that I had done everything I
could to have notice of contest served. 1 had it
published in the Alexandria papers. There was
no chance for me I knew if 1 did not show that
I had acted under the law. I would have been %
thrust out of the committee-room. The commit-
tee agreed that I had done everything to comply
with the law and to serve the notice, {supposed,
therefore, when I had complied with the law that
I was entitled to the advantage fiom it.
I thank the House for its attention. I have
nothing1 further to snv.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
