ap-pentw to:.the congressional globe.
[July 4,
38fa Cong.... 1st
haws of the United, States.
for one contained in the last-described pieceof
land belonging to the said Perkins: And provided
further. That the said Perkins is able-to g-ive,:and
does give, to the United States>a good.and -suffi-
cient 'title to the piece of land bow owned and
occupied by him. -
[Seo. 2.] And be Ufurther resolved, That the
Secretary of the Interior is further authorized'to
defray the expense of moving-the dwelling-house
on the present Perkins tract to the tract ex-
changed for it, and of digging andwalling a well,
oUt 8f any appropriation already made, or that
may be made, forinclosing'the groundSof'the
hospi't&K
• Approved, July 1, 1864.
No. 62.—A Resolution regulating the Investment
' ' of the Naval Pension Fund.
" Resolved by'the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary oftheNavy,as trus-
tee of the naval pension fund', be,'and he is here-
by, authorized and directed to cause to beinvested
in the registered securities of the United States,
on the first day of January and tlie first day of
Julyof each year, so much of the said fund then
in the Treasury of the United States as may not
be required for the payment of naval pensions for
the then current fiscal year; and upon the requi-
sition of the said Secretary, so much of the said
fund as may no.t be required forsuch paymentof
pensions accruing during the current fiscal year,
shall be held in the Treasury on the days afore-
said in each year, subject to his order for thepur-
poseqf such immediate investment; and the inter-
est payable in coin upon the said securities in
which the said fund shall be invested, shall be so
paid, when due, to the order of the Secretary of
the Navy, and he is hereby authorized and di-
rected to exchange the amount of such interest
"when paid in coin, for so much of the legal cur-
rency of the United States as may be obtained
therefor at the current rates of premium on gold,
and to deposit the said interest so converted'in
the Treasury to the credit of the said naval pen-
sion fund: Provided, That nothing herein con-
tained shall be construed to interfere with the
paymentof naval pensions under the supervision
of the Secretary of the Interior,as now regulated
by law.
Approved, July 1, 1864.
No. 63.—Joint Resolution to grant additional
Rooms to the Agricultural Department.
Whereas the space assigned to the Department
of Agriculture in the Patent Office building, in-
cluded between the central crypt and the west
wing in the first story on the south front, is en-
tirely inadequate to the necessities of the Depart-
ment, two of the rooms within thess limits being
vised as furnace rooms for the Patent Office, one
as a chemical laboratory, and another having
recently been taken for the use of the Land Office,
" leaving but five rooms, with one small storeroom,
for the business of the Department; and whereas,
additional rooms are indispensably necessary for
the convenience of the Commissioner, for the ac-
commodation of clerks engagcd in the collection
and compilation of statistics, and in other official
duties; for the better accommodation of the oper-
ationsofthe chemist in making agricultural tests,
analyses, and experiments, and for the arrange-
ment and exhibition of pomological, entomo-
logical, and agricultural specimens, models, and
paintings: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, in addition to the rooms now
occupied bythe Departmentof Agriculture,there
shall be, and hereby is, assigned to the said De-
partment the suite of rooms upon the first floor
included between the southwest corner and the
western entiance of the Patent Office building.
Approved, July 1, 1864.
No. 6G.—A Resolution requesting the President
to appoint a Day for National Humiliation and
Piuyei.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
be requested to appoint a day for humiliation and
prayer by the people of the United States; that
he request his constitutional advisers at the head
of the Executive Departments to unite with him
as the Chief Magistrate of the nation, at the city
of Washington,'and the members of Congress,
and all magistrates, all civil, military, and naval
officers, all soldiers, sailors, and marines, with
Jill loyal and law-abiding people, to convene at
their usual places of worship, or wherever they
may .be,"to confess and to repent of their manifold
sins;.to implore the compassion and forgiveness
of thfe Almighty, that, if consistent with His will,
the existing rebellion may bespeedily.suppressed,
and the supremacy of the Constitution and laws
of the United States may be established through-
out all the States; to implore Him, as the Supreme
Ruler of the world, not to destroy us as a people,
nor suffer us to be destroyed by the hostility or
connivance of other nations, or by obstinate ad-
hesion to our own counsels, which may be in
conflict with His eternal purposes, and to implore
Him to enlighten the mind of the nation to know
and do His will; humbly believing thatitisin ac-
cordance with His will that our place should be
maintained as a united people among the family
of nations; to implore Him to grant to our armed
defenders and the masses of the people that cour-
age, power of resistance, and endurance necesT
sary to secure that result; to implore Him in Hi^
infinite goodness to soften the hearts, enlighten
the minds, and quicken the consciences of those
in rebellion, that they may lay down their arms,
and speedily return to their allegiance to the
United States, that .they may not be utterly de-
stroyed, that the effusion of blood may be stayed,
and that unity and fraternity may be restored,
and peace established throughout all oui bor-
ders.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
No 67.—Joint Resolution in relation to the Pro-
fessorsofthe Military Academy at West Point.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the thirty-first section of the act
entitled "An act for enrolling and calling out the
national forces, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, or the eleventh section of "An act to in-
crease the pay of soldiers in the United States
Army, and for other purposes," approved June
twentieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, shall
not be construed to abridge the privileges usually
allowed to the professors of the Military Academy
of being absent during the suspension of the or-
dinary academic studies of that institution.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
No. 68.—A Resolution explanatory of an Act
entitled "An Act to increase the Pay of Sol-
diers in the United States Army, and for other
purposes," approved, June twentieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, Thattheword " musicians" in the first
section of an act entitled "An act to increase the
pay of soldiers in the United States Army, and
for other purposes," approved June twentieth,
eighteen hu.-.dred and sixty-four, is not to be con-
strued to include musicians, (other than leaders,)
employed as members of brigade and regimental
bands; but such members of bands shall be paid
as heretofore, one fourth of the members of each
band thirty-four dollars per month, one fourth of
them twenty dollars per month, and the remaining
half of them seventeen dollars per month.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
No. 76.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of the
Sufferers by a late Accident at the U. S. Arse-
nal, m Washington, D. C. ,
Whereas nearly thirty persons, mostly females,
were terribly injured, nineteen of them fatally,
by an explosion in the cartridge factory ,$t the
United States arsenal in Washington, D. C., on
the seventeenth - day of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four; and whereas all of the wounded
are pooi;, and dependent upon daily labor for
bread,, who by this calamity have been deprived
of thje power to earn their living, and are with-
out the means to procure the care and comforts
necessary to their recovery: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of two thousand dollars
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the relief of the victims of such ex-
plosion, said money to be distributed under the
direction of Major Benton, commanding at said
arsenal, and in such manner as shall most con-
duce to the comfort and relief of said sufferers,
according to their necessities respectively, and
that he report to this House.
, Approved, July 4, 1864.
i P-  
lfjf'17.—Joint Resolution imposing a Special
v- Income Duty.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, in addition to the income duty
already imposed by law, there shall be levied,
assessed, and collected on the first day of Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, a special
income duty upon the gains, profits, or income
for the year ending the thirty-first day of Decem-
ber next preceding the time herein named, by
levying, assessing, and collecting said duty of all
persons residing within the United States, or of
citizens of the United States residing abroad, at
the rate of five per centum on all sums exceeding
six hundred dollars, and the same shall be levied,
assessed, estimated, and collected, except as to
the rate, according to the provisions of existing
laws for the collection of an income duty, annu-
ally, where not inapplicable hereto; and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to
make such rules and regulations as to time and
moae, or other matters, to enforce the collection
of the special income duty herein provided for,
as may be necessary: Provided, That in estima-
ting the annual gains, profits, or income, as afore-
said, for the foregoing special income duty, no
deductions shall be made for dividends or interest
received from any association, corporation, or
company, nor shall any deduction be made for
any salary or pay received.
Approved, July 4, 1864.
No 75.—A Resolution to increase the Compensa-
tion of Matrons in the Hospitals.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That from and after the first day of J uly,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, hospital matrons
shall be entitled to, and shall receive, ten dollars
per month and one lalion.
Approved, July 4, 1864.
No. 78.—Joint Resolution explanatory of a Joint
Resolution relative to Pay of Staff Officers of
the Lieutenant General.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of''Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the joint resolution relative to
pay of staff officersof the Lieutenant General, ap-
proved May twenty, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, shall be so construed as to entitle all the
staff officers on the staff of the Lieutenan t General
to receive the pay, emoluments, and allowances
of cavalry officers of the same grade.
Approved, July 4, 1864.
PRIVATE ACTS.
I Chap. X.—An Act to indemnify the Owners of
the British Schooner Glen.
Be it enacted by the. Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be paid to the owners of
the British schooner "Glen," out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of seventeen thousand one hundred and fifty
dollars and sixty-six cents, the same being the
amount awarded as an indemnification to the
ii parties interested* by the district court of the
