850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
b. m. %itciien.
Mr. DAWES. I now call up the sccond reso-
lution.
The Clerk read, as follows;
Resolved, That B, M. Kitchen is not entitled to a seat in
this House as a Representative in the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gresfftrom the seventh congressional district in Virginia.
Mr. SMITH. I move to strike that resolution
out, and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
Resolved, That B. M. Kitchen is entitled to a seat in the
Thirty-Eighth Congress as a Representative from the sev-
enth congiessional district of Virginia.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, it appeared to the
Committee of Elections, and has just been de-
cided by the House, that Mr. McKcnzic was not
entitled to a seat upon this floor for the reason
that Mr. Kitchen had mote votes than he had;
still the committee came to the conclusion that
Mr. Kitchen was not entitled to a seat in this
House, for the reasons that I will proceed to men-
tion.
The State was divided into districts for the elec-
tion of Representatives in Congress, in conformity
to the act of Congress upon that subject, by the
Legislature of Virginia, on the 30th day of Jan-
uary, 1863, and by that act this district was com-
posed of the counties of Alexandria, Berkeley,
Frederick, Shenandoah, Jeffeison, Ciatk, War-
ren, L' udonn, Fauquier, Fairfax, and Prince
William, it is the dishiot on the other side of
the river,-and the House eannotbc ignorant of the
condition of things there. The events that have
transpiied in that district have been of such note
that they have attracted the attention of the whole
country. There is, then, no dispute in reference
to the condition of affairs in that district.
The question, then, is whether any district sit-
uated as this is, occupied as Jt has been and is
now by the army of the Union and the army of
the r«'b(>!iiorf', swaying backward and forward as
they have been, as was said in the other House,
like a pendulum, from one end of the district to
the other, the theater of conflicts and the battle-
ground of this rebellion, soaked with the blood,
in almost every part, of Union soldiers and rebel
soldiers, with no portion so quiet and so free from
rebels as not to rely upon the military force for
its Recuuty and defense—the question is whether
there can la- any pi dense in any mind that in such
a distncrnnybody could exercise the nght of an
elector, or that iheio could be such an election as
we should consider.
In this distiK't, and on the day the election was
said to be held, lour counties voted in form. In
one other county two precincts voted, and in an-
other only one precinct. In five of the counties
there was no pretense of an election. In the
counties where there was a partial election, the
precincts not opened were closed by the armed
occupation of the enemy. If we ascertain the
relative strength of that portion of the district
where the forms of an election were gone through
with, and that where if win impossible to hold
an election, we will find that there was a larger
part of the tei ritory of the district at that time, and
is now, in the armed occupation of the rebels.
Those eoumies held by the rebels and poi tions of
others where there was a partial election consti-
tute the largest portion of the district. If you
divide the disti jet by aggregate population, taking
the counties wheiean ejection was held and where
itwas not held,the latter preponderate. In point
of fact, there were several places where the people
were restrained from voting, not by the actual
presence ofthccnemyon the day of election, but
from fear of persecution and the destruction of
their property.
Dividing this distiict by the aggregate popula-
tion, and counting all the population in those
counties wheie an election was held on the one
side, and m those counties which were in the
Armed occupation of the enemy, you find that
while 70,341, according to the census of 1860,
were in counties where elections were held, there
were 77,992 in counties actually held by the
armed forces of the rebels. If you ascertain a di-
vision of th,c entire free population, leaving out
the slaves, you find that while there were 5u,530
in that portion of the district where an election
was held, there were 55,^61 in portfop y/here
no election was held. If you take the free white
males only, you find that there were in the por-
tion where an election was hold 25,568, and in that
where there was no election 26,161. This shows,
sir, if you adopt this as a rule, that the district
was very nearly equally divided between the ene-
my arfR the Republic, between those who were
fighting for the destruction of the Government
and those who were defending it; and whether
you take it by territory, by aggregate population,
by fiee white population, or by free white male
population, the preponderance in each of these
divisions is slightly upon the side of the enemy.
There was, however, in that part of the district
held by our troops—and it is fair that it should
be taken into consideration—such a constraint, as
I have already stated, upon many of the voters
that personal safety required of them that they
should abstain from the exercise of the elective
franchise. Raids were constantly being made,
even up to Fairfax Court-House and within a few
miles of Alexandria; and while the committee
were hearing this case, a raid was made into the
county of Berkeley, and the claimant, Mr. Kitchen
himself, had his house surrounded, escaping in
the darkness,and was driven out fromhis county,
finding peace and safety only in this District.
The question, therefore, is fairly presented to the
House to decide whether they can count as an
election forms gone through with in the manner
I have indicated in this district.
The committee have all along shown, I think,
and I believe they feel,a desire to give represent-
ation to each one of these districts at the earliest
possible moment that they can say there has been
a free and fair election in the district. I do not
assume to speak for any other member of the
committee than myself. I have, however, seen
no indication on the part of any member of the
committee that does not justify me in this re-
mark.
But, sir, it is an important question for the
House to say whether they can treat as an elec-
tion in this whole district, as the choice of the
Union voters in all parts of this district, that
which tianspired, to begin with, in less than one
half of the district, and under such circumstances
tis I have related, and when no man can say that
fairly and freely, and without fear or restraint,
the people even m that part of the district have
gone to the pollsand expressed theirchoice. Sir,
how can we say it when a majority of the voters
of the district are on the other side of our lines,
and are under the aimed occupation of the enemy ?
Suppose Mr. Kitchen had received nil the votes
on this side, how can we say that those other
voters who are under duress, fetleied, would, if
they had been permitted to vote, have acquiesced
in tlie selection of Mr. Kitchen as their Repie-
sentative? Are we to fasten upon them a Repre-
sentative whom we cannot say fairly and honestly
is the choice of those voters? I do not believe
that there is any member of this House who does
not desire that every district in thisgreat country,
fiom one end of it to the other, shall be repre-
sented upon this floor by the free choice of all its
voters. Rut anxious as we may all be to welcome
a Representative hern from this district of Vir-
ginia, and from all other districts, to fill these
vacant chairs, how can we say that this man is
the choice of the people whom he claims to rep-
resent?
Just a few words more, Mr. Speaker. This
gentleman received 730 of the whole 96:2 votes
which he received in the district in the county of
Beikeley. He had but 232 votes out of that county.
Now, sir, both the State of Virginia and the State
of West Virginia and the people of the county of
Berkeley themselves, so farasitcan bedone,have
decided that that county is and shall be in another
Stale. As I said a little whiieago, they have not
cai ned out the legal effect of that attempt; they
have not succeeded in transferring the county to
West Virginia, but they have done all that it was
in their power to do to attain that object. They
have signified that they do not desire to be a part
of that disti ict. And outside of Berkeley county
this gentleman has no support at all. Although
that fact cannot affect the legal question, yet it
may aid us in coming to a conclusion. Three or
four men whose names figure here would be the
choice, before Mr. Kitchen, of the people of the
district, outside of Berkeley county. I only bring
that matter before the House to aid it in throw-
ing some little light on the question of who would
be the choice of the voters on the other side of
the line.
But these considerations do not govern us here.
We are to say whether, from all the votes legally
cast here, it is evident to the House that we have
before us a man who is the choice of the legal
votersof the district. Although anxious to come
to a different result, I for one have been unable
to come to the conclusion that this man is entitled
to a seat in the House. In that conclusion 1 be-
lieve all the members of the committee concur,
with the exception of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Smith,] who desires to be heard.
Mr. SMITH addressed the House in support of
the claimant.
Before he had concluded,
A message from the Senate, byMr.HiCKEY, its
Chief Clerk, informed the House that the Senate
had agreed to the reportof the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendments of the Senate to the bill ofthe
House (No. 26) reviving the grade of lieutenant
general in the United States Army.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal to
the gentleman from Kentucky to give way for a
moment to let the committee of conference on the
lieutenant general bill make their report. It is a
matter in which I know my friend feels a great
deal of interest.
Mr. SMITH. What effect will it have upon
the question now before the House?
The SPEAKER. The consideration of the
subject now before the House will be resumed as
soon as the report of the committee of conference
shall have been disposed of. It will not interfere
with the time of the gentleman from Kentucky.
He will be entitled to his full hour.
Mr. SMITH. Will it take the gentleman from
Illinois an hour to make his report?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh, no; I
do not propose to make a speech.
Mr. SMITH. I yield upon condition that noth-
ing but the report shall be made, without any
speech or comment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
a conference committee can interrnpta gentleman
for the purpose of making their report. It is re-
garded by the rules as a report of the highest
privilege, so much so that it can interrupt even a
call of the House, and in the closing hours of a
session it is necessary that it should have that
privilege. Likeamotion to go to business on the
Speaker's table after the expiration of the morn-
ing hour, it can take a gentleman'off the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose it could not take the
gentleman off the floor?
The SPEAKER. He will be on the floor as
soon as the report is disposed of.
GRADE OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now sub-
mit the report of the committee of conference,and
ask that it be read.
The Clerk read the repoit, as follows:
The commitreeof conference appointed to take into con-
sideration the cli<;i2K!enii( votes ol tiu: two Houses on the
hill ofthe Ilou-e (No. 2o) levmng the giade ofJientonant
geneiiil in the United State* Aimy, having met, sitter fuH
and fieeeoiifeience do recommend to the respective Houses
as follow «>:
That the Hou^e of Representative'! do roeedi: fiom it> di "-
agi cement to the first amendment of'the Senate, and agiee
to the same.
'J'hat the Ilou^e ot Representatives do recede from its
disagreement to the second amcndmcntof the Senate, and
ajnee to the «;ame.
That the Senate do recede from it* third amendment, and
do agree to the hill of the House of Representatives, with
the following amendments: 1. After the word " ability
in the eleventh line of the fii<t section of said bill, strike
out the word ''and." *2. Strike out the word *e shall" in
tin; thnteenth line of said section, and insert the woid
"may'" in hen thereof. 3. After the word "direction," in
the thirteenth line of said section, inseit the woids -and
dmingtlie plea^ine." 4. Smke out all of said section alter
the word u fcstntos" in the fifteenth hue thereof. And that
the House of Representatives do agiec to the said several
amendments.
HENRY" WILSON,
H. S LANE,
reverdy johnson,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
e. b. washburne,
a. McAllister,
r. e. fenton,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state,
Mr. Speaker, that this is the unanimous report
of the committee of conference.
