1896
THE OOIs: GBESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
sail us, perhaps, but I do not know of any other ,
woid that w-Atld suSiei-cntly express tne idea i
assailed as if we were preaching up the doeiiine j
of State fights, following the lead of the^iesola-
tions of 1793 and of the rebellion aud of every-
thing else thai has set up State lights against the
rights of the General Government.
Sir, are we open to that reproach* If we are,
all I have to sajr is that I am a believer in the
'States as institutions, and I should like to ask the
Senate if those institutions cease to exist what
becomes of the United States? If they are.ovcr-
thrown, prostrated by the legislation of tire Gov-
ernment, where is the General Government itself?
Has it come to this pass, that we cannot aiguc heie
at all upon the inteiests of the Statesof which we
Senatorsare the representatives peculiarly ? Shall
we say nothing here about what the interests and
power and well-being of those States require in
connection with our subjects of legislation? Shall
we say nothing of what rights they may have
under the Constitution, for fear of traveling over
ground that others have traveled before us to the
injury of the General Government and of the
Union?" Why, sir, I have no such apprehension.
For one, 1 believe that the States are as impm tant
as the Union in one sense, and that is that they
are important to the Union, and that if they aie
weak and embarrassed and labor under difficulties,
the Union must be weak and embarrassed and
labor under difficulties also; but when you build
up and support them and protect them in the
exercise of their rights and the increase of then-
good, you in the best possible way protcct the
Union itself and advance its glory and its power,
and this is what i have to say in answer to all
that may be intimated with regard to raising the
question of State lights.
Mr. SUAINER. Mr. Piesident, the Senator
from Maine was himself from beginning to end;
himself in the personalities with which he com-
menced; himself in ihe ability of his argument;
himself in the patriotic purpose with which he
closed. Sir, I shall not, as 1 have already on
another occasion said, follow him in that which
ho has which is so little worthy of being followed.
I leave behind his personalities; I begin wtth his
argument.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ While the Senators
about that, because that is a common thing with
him, lie always begins to whine, let me ask him
to state what i said tlmt was personal, and not
talk generally about it. Wh>U personalities have
I been aridity of?
Mr.SUMNER. The Senator began his speech
with personalities.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What? I ask the Sen-
ator to suite what language J used that can be
called personal, and not indulge m   general dee
muuon about it
show it.
Mr. SUMNER.
the Senator yah!.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Very well, I trust to the
report. The Senator cannot do it, and he knows
he cannot. This is a common thing with him.
Mr.SUMJNEtt. Very well, sir; the Senator
ia peisonai
Mr. FESSENDEN. To be sure 1 am now; 1
admit that.
Mr. SUMNER. He is now as he was at the
•beginning and evet will be.
Mr. FESSENDEN. i trust so, so far as the
Senator from Massachusetts is concerned.
Mr. -SUMNER. I said, sir, when the Senator
interrupted me, that 1 would go to his! argument.
He began by replying to what I said lastevcnii
1 deny the fact and 1 defy him to |
The report will show what I
would naiiu'o)\y be uuuei difn rent conditions, in
d i t l 111 pai ts of the coi' n 11 y, as, lor in fiance« i n
Boston and in Chicago. Sn , th<'<e are natural dtf~
f<_ t eiH'os, which 1 y dm it legisla 11 on may noto\ci-
come; but for tluu very reason we should forbeai
to plant additional differences in our very bill.
The Senator se^ks to thrust into the bill which is
to create this v; y* system a source of difference
in its operation in different parts of the country.
The case is too plain for argument. A simple
statement is enough.
I need not remind the Senate that the system of
taxation diffeisin different States,and then again
m different counties aud different municipalities
of the same State, so that this institution may be,
according to theruleof the Senator, underadtffer-
ent taxation in one State from what it is in an-
other State; and then again it may be under differ-
ent taxation m different parts of the same State;
and that is my answer to the cuticism of the
Senator when i complained of the proposition
which he now supports as planting a difference
and a discord in the operations of the bill.
The Senator then proceeded to reply to what !
have said to-day, and he began with an allusion
to my remarks 111 reply to the Senator from Ver-
mont" with regard to the sequestration of property
from State taxation. The Senator from Veimont,
if I understood hirn, had objected to this bill as
proposing to sequester a laige amount of prop-
erty from State taxation.
Mr. COLLAMER. I said that would be its
effect without tins amendment.
Mr. SCJMNER. The Senator complained of
the operation of the bill without the proposed
amendment as sequestering a large amount of
property li om State taxation. That was the com-
plaint; nor more nor less. How did I snswerit?
After stating that the amount of property that it
was proposed to requester—I adopt the language
of the Senator from Vermont—was ^,'306,0u0,000,
I then inquired ,ure we not evei y day sequesteimg |j
an equal amount for nnlitai y aud naval purposes'
VVI10 ran estimate, sir, the amount of military
niateiial that is now siques'ered from Slate taxa-
tion? The Senator has never complained that
this \ ast piojieity, while it is on lo< al deposit or
in local custody, is not subject to State ormuni-
■'.pal taxation. 1 have never heard the complaint.
Who can estimate the amount of property that
we are cmstaotly sequestering lor the naval ser-
vice of the country ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman indulge
me in a woid on that point r
Mr. SUMNER. Ceitaiuly.
Mr. COLLAMER. Thcie is no sequestration
in the Tinted States, taking property foi military
or uawd puiposes and rising if; but the seques-
tiatiun 11f which 1 complain la the setting apart of
the funds b' longmg to individuals in the States
for exclusive taxation by this Government and
ex'unoting it front State taxation.
Mr'. STJMNER. Now the Senator introduces
an additional element. It is the s> questeringcer-
tain pioperty belonging to individuals from State
taxation, and r serving it to national taxation.
The Senator is unwilling to see this fund taken
a\vay liom the States, or sequestered, so that it
cannot be reached by tlie States. That is his ar-
gument.
Mr. COLLAMER. This money belongs to
our eitius, and they propose to linestit m these
batiks; and now ynu piopose to set apart that
property to the Pelted States for their taxation
It may be remembered that I said then that the
remarks of the Senator from Michigan, if not j
practical, were at least patriotic, and that at this j
moment, in this crisis of the Republic, what was |
patriotic seemed to me to be practical. Tile Sen- I
ator from Maine makes that simple remark an !
occasion of criticism. Very well; I pass from |
that. j
The Senator then nuclei took to reply to the fur- j
ther position that I had taken, that a sanction of I
taxation by States and by municipalities m this 5
bill would cause differences in the operation of:
the system in different parts of the country, and
would pivvi nt its having thai uniformity in its
working which I thought we ought to seek to
e-aablir-li. And the Senator's icpiy was that we
could not have uniformity, because the banks
exclusively. and not allow
„ Mr. SUMNER. V
II amount of money was
States to tax it.
well, suppose that same
put into a navy-yard or
ireoaiations, would it be taxed
H'op-
tln.t
put into nnli'ary _
by the State?
Mr. COLLAMER. [twould not be th
erty of individuals after you had got it
form.
Mi SUMNER. I undi-rsiamf that; but the
question now is a.-; to the amount ot property that
is set apart. I am on that poiot now. ] will come
to the i t her
Mr. COLLAMER. Set apart in this way.
Mr. SUMNER. The question now is as to
the amount of piopei ty that is sequestei ed. 11 is
proposed to sequester §300,000,00(1 ior tne national
bank. Iluw many handled millions have we se-
questered for the Army and Nav y of tne Uepubhet
Mr. SHERMAN. With tlie leave of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, I wiil suggest to him
that the idea, of sequestration amounts to nothing.
All the real estate in the country is sequestered
for State and municipal taxation; the United States
do not touch it.
Mr. COLLAMER. The United States have
a light to tax till property.
Mr. SHERMAN. But they do not.
Mr. COLLAMER. But they have the power
to do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a provision for
a direct tax on land in the internal revenue bill
now pending.
Mr. SHERMAN. That has been repealed
onee.
Mr. COLLAMER. My statement was that
all property, except that imported, was subject
to taxation both by the General and State Gov-
ernments. What I mean by sequestration is
taking some of the subjects of taxation and put-
tin" them opart for one Government and taking
them fiom the other.
r. SUMNER. Very well, I am now on the
amount of property that is taken'from State tax-
ation, and 1 have already said that it is proposed
to take $300,000,000 for the national bank; not
so much as is taken from State taxation for the
Army and Navy of the United States. Is it not
curious that the sequestiation should be allowed
so easily in one 'case, and should be so contested
in the other. Each is for the public good, the
general welfare, and the national defense. At
this moment the national banks are not less im-
portant to our defense than our navy-yards.
Nor is this all. The Senator from Ohio has
reminded us that all the real estate of the country
is sequestered from national taxation; so that
States here have opportunities of their own. But
there is still another class of illustrations. Under
the statutes of the country oil the public lands be-
longing to the United States are sequestered from
local taxation in the States where they he. There
is also the Mint sequestered from State taxation.
There is also here m this very city of Washing-
ton all these public buildings, the Capitol in which
we are now assembled, the edifices where the pub-
lic Departments perform their labors, all seques-
tered from taxation of any kind; and yet the ar-
gument is brought forward now that we must not
exempt from local taxation the $300,000,01)0 in-
vested in the newbanks; and the reason assigned
is because this amount, when invested, is private
property, and remains private property. Very
well. Suppose it is private property. How does
that affect the question? Not at ail. _ The same
identical sum is sequestered, whether it is private
propyl ty or public property, and this is the point
to which I am now calling attention. The Sen-
ator lepeats that this amount continues pnvate
property. But I submit that it can make lio dif-
ference, so far as the Slate is concerned, whether
that property, when sequestered, continues pri-
vate property or becomes absolutely the property
of the United States. In each case it is so much
property exempt from local taxation. Practically,
the two cases of exemption are alike, for the local
authorities are ousted in each, and that is the es-
sential point. Such was my answer to the aiga-
ment of the Senator from Vermont, now adopted
by the Senator fiom Maine. If the Senators ob-
ject to the sequestration of this large amount of
"property, they may with equal reason object to
ihe sequestration of a larger amount in the mili-
tary and naval service. But this they never thought
of doing. And they submit that they ought not
to think of objecting to the sequestration (or the
sake of the cuirency.
Therefore, when the Senator so triumphantly
pointed out ihe seeming distinction between the
sequcMiaaon in tie se two cases, he pointed out
a " distinction without a difference." ^So far as
Stale taxation is concerned, it is immaterial what
form the : questration may lake. It is e.iough
that property is sequestered. You may grudge
the exemption in one case more than another;
you may d>shke to sec a man of property in tiie
hands of individuals which State taxation cannot
reach; but the State does not lose more m one
case than in another, in both eases it loses the
taxation on a given anion,nt of property, and ill
both cases for the same reason.
The Senator fiom Maine pioceeded next to
consider the j a dement of Chief J us t lee M ■u'shall,
and he leminded us of his own familioiity aud of
the familiarity of the Senate with that remark-
