,161 CON&KESSIONMi GLOBE.
June 11,
4ia s*faj)ti'take them jinder our own charge, and
^overa them as subjects, I supposed means to
4ay thatiwe are to Jake from them the right to
saanage.theifc own concerns, and take from them
power (if government whatsoever.
J&f .-SHERMAN* I did not enter into that;
but to give ray ideas a little more scope, 1 will
 sy that I would give the -.right of self-goverri-
-ment to the fullest extent, sjoffar as they are able
to,,exercise it, so far as they have intelligence.
The !W yandottesand Dela wares,andothers of the
.Kansas tribesiwoyld no doubt make respectable
citizens; they take care of their affairs well. The
Delawares li&ve managed .their.-affairs with such
discretion that I believe they.are-the weathiest
people >per*capita in existence.
Mr^ JOHNSON. I think that perhaps my
friend has fallen into an error when he charges
.the larger portion of the amount appropriated in
.this'bill, which he says in the aggregate is some
$3,800,dG0, to the debit of the Indians, and says
?ha.t they cost us that sum or anything like it.
Many of the appropriations that are found in this
•bill, and they are much the largest items in the
.bill, are for the purpose of carrying out treaties
by which -we have obtained from the Indians
their lands, which are worth not only as much b.ut
more to us than we gave for them,and would seU
for more tat any time; but that has nothing to do
with the .particular question before the Senate.
Whether:ihe Committee on Finance had or had
jiot thisaubjeet before them, is a matter no further
important than is the weight to be attached to the
opinion of that committee—very considerable, I
know, and on most matters it is, as it should be,
conclusive; but surely it ought to have no opera-
tion at all upon a question on which they have
pronounaed no decision, so that, if my friend is
right,/we are here without any opinion from the
Committee on Finance on the question, and the
matter is before us now as  n original matter.
The honorable chairman of.ithe Committee on
.Jndian Affairs, and he is followed in that view by
the honorable member from Ohio, likens this ease
to;the ordinary case of guardian and ward, trus-
tee and cestui que trust; and yet it would seem to
follow from an admission made by the honorable
member from Ohio that to apply to these Indians
the rules which operate as between trustee and
cestui que trust, guardian and warfl, would be
very hard and very unjust, He has told us, and
told us correctly, that these Indians are almost
entirely ignorant, that they can neither read nor
write, that they have no knowledge of business,
and especially of such business as it becomes im-
portant that a man should be acquainted with
when he is about to invest moneys in public
stocks.
There are two classes of these investments, if I
am coiructly informed, as I think Ium. Perhaps
all Lbc treaties provide that no portion of the money
which the Government may receive from the sales
of the land is to be invested by the Government
except after consultation with the tribe. Thatis
certainly true in reference to the treaty cited by
the member from Kansas. I have the treaty be-
fore me, which relates, I believe, to a tribe upon
the borders of Kansas, which contains the same
provision—the treaty of the 30th of May, 1834:
"And as the amount of the annual lecelpts from the sales
of their land* cannot now bo ascertained, it is agreed that
the President may from time to tune, and upon consulta-
tion with said Indians, determine how much of Uie pro-
ceeds of said sale shall be paid them, and how much shall
be invested in pufe and profitable stocks, the interest to be
paid annually to them or expended for their benefit and
Improvement."
That is, to be paid annually by the United
States. Now, in relation to one of the tribes, a
party to this treaty, their lands sold for $300,000
m eoin. It came, of course, into the hands of the
Treasury, and the whole of it was invested in
stocks without consulting the Indians.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask the Senator
whether he knows that they were not consulted.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know it personally.
I am not very intimate with the tribe.
Mr. POMEROY. Here is a statement of the
chiefs that they were not consulted.
Mr. JOHNSON. _ The chiefs so state, and it
has not been contradicted,
Mr. HARLAN. 1 think there was no evi-
dence of that fact before the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then if the United States
seek to avoid the obligation which would beapoa
them if-they made the investment without con-
sultation,.upon the ground that they made it with
consultation, I should rather think they ought-to
prove that they- did consult. Now, in the absence
of all proof the other^way—-
Mr. GRIMES, The question is whether we
aeted in' good faith or not in making the invest-
ments .' .
Me. 310HNSON, I will come to that in a mo-
ment. In the absence'of all proof on the part of
the United States, and .with ah affirmation .on the
part of the Indians that they were not consulted,
an affirmation not denied* by the United States,
the inference would be a legitimate one that they
were not consulted.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will pardon
me, 1 think the inference is directly the other
way. The Government of the United States has
-paid officers living .with the. Indians, an agent liv-
ing with each tribe. The Government has also
a superintendent presiding over several of the
tribes. It has a Commissioner of Indian Affairs
to take a supervision of the whole subject, and a
Secretary of the Interior who has supervision of
his conduct. • These are all sworn officers ap-
pointed by the Government to execute the laws,
to execute these treaties. The presumption with
me is that they have'carried out m good faith their
sworn obligation as officers of the Government.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is a question of-fact to
be decided according to the views taken by Sen-
ators on the evidence before them, and I take a
different view from' that taken by the member
from Iowa.
But, Mr. President, suppose it was so, suppose
they were consulted, who were they? Helpless,
ignorant, poor, dependent. We got their lands
and we hold them. They have lost them, and
they have lost the money because of the manner
in. which it was invested by us, either with or
without their consent. Who selected the invest-
ments? The United States. What were the in-
vestments? Stocks of the States of the United
States, not the ordinary stocks, but the stocks of
componentparts of the Government, virtually the
stocks of the Government. Why are they not
now paying interest? Is it because they are not
able to pay interest? Certainly not. Wh.y are
they now in a state of rebellion ? Why are they
permitted to be or to have remained in a state of
rebellion up to the present time? Is it the fault
of the Indians? Under whose control were they?
To whose power were they subjected? Under
the control of the United States and subjected to
the power of the United States, and the United
States have proved up to this time unable to hold
them to the discharge of theirduty. Whose fault
is that? It is not the fault of the Indians. The
United States were bound to hold them; and the
Indians consented, if they consented at all, upon
the supposition that th'ey would hold them. The
United States, who know that they were so bound,
who are now making efforts to carry out the ob-
ligation, tell them "These States of ours, com-
ponent paits of the United States, are now failing
to pay interest, because we do not make them as
it was our duty to have made them, and we will
not pay you* a dollar." It is a hard measure of
justice.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will not con-
sider it an interruption, allow me to ask him—1
am not sure that I understand him—does he state
to the Senate that the Government of the United
States was bound to compel the States to pay
their bonds?
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator wait for
an answer now?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Government was bound
to keep them in the Union, and then they would
have been paid. They could have been sued.
That 'obligation the honorable Senator cannot
deny, because he is raising armies by hundreds
of thousands and expending money by millions
for the purpose of complying with that obligation.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not perceive that the
sequence follows that they would have paid their
bonds if they had staid in the Union. They
obligated themselves to pay their debts, but I do
not know that tjie Government of the United
States is under a y-obligation to compel them to
pay them;/and fcdo not know when or how we
assumed that ol^igation.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose the United States
could have-sued them if the investment was made
in the name of the United States; and if they
were able to pay they'.could have been compelled
to pay; andnever heard it-doubted before ^hat
every southern State was able to pay before, like
madmen,- they rushed into this rebellion. If we
had held them to their'duty; if the man who pre-
ceded the present incumbent of the presidential
chair had been faithful to his own duty, and
stopped the rebellion^as -I believe he might have
done, and these States had-remained in the Union,
every dollar of these stocks would -have been
paid.
But there Is-another reason. - The honorable
member is not to.be told, I am sure, thatsince.the
rebellion broke out these stocks would havesoid,
and sold for a very considerable sum. The stocks
of every State in the Union, except, I believe, of
South Carolina, were quoted in your market.
You held them, you saw them going down from
day to day, and you would not sell. As a faithful
guardian, what ought you to have done? What
would a court of chancery have said in a dispute
between a ward and a guardian who had invested
his ward's" money in stocks good at the time of
the investment, who did it in good faith,butwho
held on to the stocks from day to day, and month
to month, and year to year, seeing that the stocks
were falling in the market, until they became
worthless? There is not a court of chancery in
Christendom, governed by principles of equity,
that would not have held him responsible for the
loss.
Want of good faith is not the only ground upon
which you hold a guardian or a trustee responsi-
ble. It is the want of reasonable care, which in
the eye of a court of equity is-evidence of want
ofgood faith; not a want Of good faith in the moral
acceptation of those terms, but a want of equita-
ble good faith. In other words, the guardian is
bound to take care of the estate of his ward as a
man of reasonable diligence and care would take
care of his own estate; and if the court should
come to the conclusion that a man of that de-
scription would have sold his stock,and the guard-
ian had not sold the stock, he would be held
responsible. These Virginia stocks, Tennessee
stocks, North Carolina stocks, I believe are
quoted yet; and for a great while after the rebel-
lion broke out they were quoted almost as high
as the northern stocks. When my friend from
Iowa says that these officers are all expected as
far as the investment is concerned- to have done
their duty, we are to go a little further than the
original investment. Suppose they did; they con-
sulted the Indians, and the investments were made
in good paying investments and stocks that would
now pay; those stocks were by the officersof the
Government disposed of and the proceeds in-
vested in other stocks, in southern stocks? What
for? With what motive?
Mr. HARLAN. Will the Senator have the
answer now ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. HARLAN. In some of these cases the
bonds had matured, had become payable by the
Government,and as theGovernmenthad obligated
itself to invest the money in bonds and pay over
the interest, as it became due and was collected by
the Government, to the Indians, it became its duty
as a guardian to reinvest the money, the pa£ cr in
which they first invested having matured and been
paid. Then in other cases they w&reable to pro-
cure a larger amount of interest by selling the
bonds in which the money was first invested; in
some cases, I remember, the money wasinvested
in five per cent, bonds of the United States; the
Secretary of the Interior deemed it to be for the
advantage of the Indians to sell those bonds and
invest the proceeds in State stocks that were pay-
ing some of them six and some seven per cent.
In other cases they 'were able to buy the bonds at
a discount and receive interest at a larger rate on
the par value Deeming the stocks'good and that
they would be ultimately paid, they regarded it as
advantageous to the Indians to make this change
and thus secure a larger amount of money to be
disbursed from year to year in their support.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubt aboutthat.
That is the case in vei*y many instances, hut were
the Indians consulted about the change?
Mr. HARLAN. I think this is the only
i solitary case in all the treaties under which this
