1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONORESSIOMMi ®L©EE^
269
Laws of the United Sleeted.
8&EK.G)0Nfi.....lSX
United States of America for the southern dis-
trict of New York, for costs,.damages, and ex-
penses, by'reason of the illegal seizure ofthe said
vessel and cargo as prize.
Approved, February 13, 1864.
Chap. XII.—An Act for the Relief of the" Heirs
of Noah Wiswall.
Be" it'"enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, .That the proper accounting officers of
the-.United States be,and are, hereby,,.directed
to"auditan account' between .the .United States
and the legal representatives of Noah Wiswall,
assignee of Daniel Chilson, for the .amount, of
purchase-money paid by s^id.Dijnfei Chilson on
the thirteenth day of July, eighteen hundred and
thirt,y-f!ve, by his agent, A,mariah Watson, to
J. W. Stephenson, receiver of pubTic moneys.at
Illinois, per receipt number twelve hun-'
dre.apnd eighty-two, for eighty acres of the west
half of the southwest quarter of section number
fifteen, in township number sixteen north, of
range number eight ea§t, of the fourth principal
meridian, at the rate of one dollar and twenty-
five cents per acre; and that the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and is hereby, directed to pay said
amount upon such adjustment, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, February 22, 1864.
Ciiap. XIX.—An Act to authorize the Settlement
of the Accounts of Paymaster E, C. Doran.
Be it enacted by.the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That all the payments made by Wil-
liam H. Peters, of Virginia, to the mechanics,
laborers, and other employes of the Norfolk
navy-yard, forwages duq to.them by the United
States, for services and labor rendered to the
twentieth day of April, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, and the rolls and vouchers therefor on
file in the office of the Fourth Auditor of the
Treasury, be, and the same are hereby, legalized
for the benefit of Paymaster Edward C. Doran,
of the Uhited States Navy; and that the account-
ing officers of the Treasury be, and they are
hereby, authorized to credit the said Paymaster
Edward C. Doran, in the settlementofhis account,
with the sum of twenty-nine thousand three hun-
dred'and eighty-one dollars, ($29,381.) j
Approved, March 3, 1864.
Chap. XXV.—An Act for the Relief of John
H. Shepherd and Walter K. Caldwell, of Mis-
souri,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster Geneial be in-
structed to allow and pay to the said Shepherd
and Caldwell, all sums of money remaining due
and unpaid and heretofore withheld by'the Post
Office Department for carrying the mails during
the years eighteen hundred and fifty-four and
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, on routes num-
bered eight thousand eight hundred and eighteen
and eight thousand eight hundred and forty-nine,
in the State of Missouri; said payments to be
made for the time during which service was act-
ually performed on said routes, at the rate of
twenty-one hundred dollars per year on route
number eight thousand eight hundred and eigh-
teen, and at the rate of fourteen hundred and
sixty dollars on route number eight thousand
eight hundred and forty-nine, without making
any deduction on account of the refusal of said
contractors to enter into new contracts for per-
forming extra service, or on account of reletting
the same. And the Postmaster General is fur-
ther instructed to pay to said contractor any
sums of money due them for carrying the mails
on routes numbered eight thousand eight hun-
dred and nineteen and eight thousand eight hun-
dred and seventy-two, in said State, during the
years aforesaid, and withheld by the Post Office
Department, on account of the reletting of the
two routes first named.
Approved, March 8, 1864.
Ciiap. XXVI.—An Act for the Relief of L. F.
Cartee.
Be -it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Commissioner of-lln? .Gen 
eral Land Office be, and lie is hereby,authorized-
to pay to L. F. Cartee the sum of three thbuaand
and thirty-three dollars and fifty cents', for .ser-
vices performed in surveys of the public lands
in the State of Oregon in excess of his contract
with the surveyor general of Oregon, da'fed Oc-
tober fourteen, eighteen hundred arid'sixty; and'
the sum of three thousand and thirty-three dol-
lars and fifty cents is hereby appropriated for said
payment, out of any money in thfe Treasury not
otherwise appropriated: Provided, That before
any payment is made, as provided for by this
act, the work performed by said L. F. Cartee
shall be tested in the field by actual examination
thereof, under the direction of the surveyorgen-
eral of Oregon, and any correction made, neces-
sary to make it conformable to the laws of the
United States and the instructionsgoverning the
surveys of thb public lands, at the expense of the
said L. F. Cartee, and the balance only of said
appropriation paid him after dedueting'said Ex-
pense of inspection and correction, and when five
certificate of the surveyor general of Oregon is
filed with the Commissioner of the General Land
Office that said survey is complete according to
the law and regulations governing public surveys.
Apphoved, March 8, 1864.
Chap. XXIX.—An Act for the Benefit of John
Dickson, of Illinois.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the sum of twenty-one thousand
dollars be paid to John Dickson, of Illinois, to
compensate him for tile damages he sustained by
reason of the failure of J. W. Bclger, quarter-
master of United States volunteers, to receive'one
hundred thousand bushels of Corn tendered htm
by said Dickson, under a contract thefefbr/tirid
that the same be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, March 11, 1864.
Chap. XXXII.—An Act granting a Pension to
John L. Burns, of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
John L. Burns, of Gettysburg, in the,State of
Pennsylvania, upon the pension rollj at the rate
of eight dollars per.month, for patriotic services
at the battle of Gettysburg, where Ire wo«oiud-
ed, on the first day of July, anno Domini eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, at which time said pen-
sion shall commence.
Approved, March 14, 1864.
Chap. XXXVIII.—An Act for the Reliefof the
Owners of the French Ship "La Manche."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That for the purpose of paying the in-
demnity awarded to the owners of the French
ship " La Manche," there be appropriated, out
of any money in theTreasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, a sufficient amount to purchase a bill
of exchange on Pans for the sum of one hundred
and forty thousand seven hundred and thirty-five
and fifteen one-hundtedths francs, with interest
on the said sum at six per centum, from February
five, last past, down to the date of the bill of
exchange.
Approved, March 28, 1864.
Chap. XL1II.—An Act for the Relief of E. F.
and Samuel A. Wood.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to issue, or cause to be
issued, executed, and delivered to E, F.andSam-
uelA. Wood duplicates of the following described
bonds of the United States of America Treasury
Department, for-the Oregon waj-debt, issued'by
the United States under .an act of Congress ap-
proved March two,.eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, payable at any time afterthe firstday of July,
eighteen hundred-and eighty-one, at the Treasary
of-the United States, with interest at the rate of
six per centum per annum, viz: numbers thirteen
hundred and twenty-nine, and thirteen hundred
and thirty-four, to thirteen hundred and thirty-
eight, inclusive, for the sum of five hundred dol-
lars -each; and number two hundred and seventy-
one for fifty dollars, dated -Washington, March
twenfcy*four, eighteen hundred and sixty-two;
and numbers thirteen-hundred .and fifty-two to
thirteen hundred and fifty-nine, inclusive, for five
hundted dollars each,; number six hundred and
sixty-five for one hundred dollars,, and-number
two. hundred and sixty-six forfifty dollars, dated
Washington, Match twenty-four, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two; and nu-mber eight hundred
and seventy-seven for one hundred dollars; num^
ber four hundred for fifty dollars, dated Wash-
ington, May twenty-second, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two,and each and severally signed <lL.
E. Chittenden, Register of the Treasury," en-
tered R. E., recorded J. O., with thirty-seven in-
terest coupons attached to each of the five hun-
dred dollar bonds for fifteen dollairseach,payable
semi-annually; eighteen interest coupons attached
to, bond number six hundred-and sixty-five, and
nineteen interest.coupons attached to bond num-
ber eight hundred and seventy-seven,for six dol-
lars each;.eighteen interest coupons attached to
bonds numbers two hundred and sixty-six and
two hundred and seventy-one; nineteen interest
coupons attached to bond number four hundred
for three dollars each, payable annually, all of
which coupons are signed" G. Luff,for the Rogis-
terof the Treasury;" in all nineteen Oregon war
bonds, amounting to the sum of seven thousand
three hundred .and fifty dollars: Provided, That
before the issue of such duplicate bonds said E.
F. and Samuel A. Wood, or either of them, shall
execute, or cause to be executed, and deposited
with the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States, to the full acceptance and satisfaction of
said Secretary, such bond of indemnity as is usu-
ally required by the regulations of the Treasury
Department for the issue of duplicate certificates
of inscribed stocks and bonds.
Approved, March 28, 1864.
Cinr. XLIV.—An Act in Favor of the Legal
Representatives of Israel C. Wait.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ofthe United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay to the legal rep-
resentatives of Israel C. Wait, late lieutenant m
the United Stales Navy, the sum of fifteen hun-
dred dollars, it being the amount of an unpaid bal-
ance due the said Wait under the act of January
sixteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, en-
titled " An act to amend an act entitled ' An act
to prQmote the efficiency of the Navy,' " and the
sum of fifteen hundred dollars is hereby appro-
priated for this purpose.
Approved, March 28, 1864.
Chap. LV.—An Act for the Relief of Daniel
Wormer.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of theTreasury be,
and he hereby is, directed, out of any money in
theTreasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to Daniel Wormer the sum of one thousand seven
hundred and seventy-eight dollars and thirty-six
cents, in full for all percentage retained by the
-Governmenton payments heretofore made to him,
and for all timber or other materials furnished by
him in the construction of the pieratLittle Sodus
bay, on Lake Ontario.
Approved, April 9, 1864.
Chap. LVI.—An Act for the Relief of Darius
S. Cole.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ofthe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary'of the Treasury be,
