1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI.
M
.£und arises in which theGovernmentdid obligate
itself to consult with the Indians. It is the iso-
lated case quoted by the Senator from Kansas and
quoted by the Senator from Maryland. 1 know
of none other; but if there are others, they are
very few. The most of the treaties contain no
such stipulation, .and I presume that where the
.stipulation was made the consultation was had.
. Mr. JOHNSON. A word more and I shall
have don.e." I think of all the injustice—and I
regret to feel myself obliged to say it—of all the
injustice that has ever been perpetrated by man
upon man the injustice perpetrated upon the In-
dians is the grossest. They are now reduced to
some two or three hundred thousand. We have
driven them away from coast to coast, from river
to river, from forest to forest. As the feetofour
.ad venturers advanced they were obliged to recede.
They are now wanderers upon the earth's sur-
'fttce. These great western States, great now and
in prospect to be still greater, have grown up
as one of the results of the wrongs perpetrated
upon these tribes. We have become a mighty
nation, mighty now, as every day in which is con-
tinued the gjganticefTortin which we areengaged
-to maintain the Government exhibits; and these
popr creatures are houseless and homeless and
penniless, the chase having proved insufficient to
support them, and Christianized civility having
driven them away from the lands that belonged
to them. We are askedf because they are con-
sidered as not being strictly responsible, if their
case could be brought into a court of justice for
adjudication, to give them amodicum when com-
pared with what we have received, to support
them in the days which are yet left to them, dur-
ing which their lives are to linger, and to linger
in suffering and without hope; and we are told
that we ought to take from them this, in the eye
of the United States, miserable pittance. I pro-
test against it for the credit of the Government.
I protest against it in the name of humanity. I
protest against it in the name of that higher hu-
manity, Christian civilization.' If there areany
of them that have engaged in this rebellion ex-
clude them; but those who have been faithful
stand by them, and for the character of your
eountry do naught to suffer them to starve, be-
cause you have taken from them the land which
was theirs and thrown them upon the wilderness
in which they are notable to live.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, by far the
larger part of this appropriation has reference
, to Indians who have been in rebellion-against
the United States, joined with the traitors who
undertook to destroy this Government, and I
wish to suggest that in relation to the case which
is particularly referred to by the Senator from
Kansas, with regard 4o the Kansas Indians, the
Weas, Peorias, and Piankeshaws, there is a sep-
arate bill pending, involving the question of their
rights and equities, which, I think, had better
be considered by the Senate by itself, and not
undertake to have it involved in this appropria-
tion bill and in this mass of appropriation which
covers the rebellious tribes now at war with the
United States. , , ,
Mr. JOHNSON. They can be excluded by
the amendment proposed.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment now pend-
ing is to exclude from this appropriation all those
in rebellion. That is the very amendment pend-
jog.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not satisfied to have
the appropriation stand in that form; an appro-
priation which, on the face of it,acknowledges a
debt against the United States of $1,700,000, and
that we are liable to pay the interest on all these
stocks. If ever we shall have peace with the
Choctaws and the Ciuckasaws, and those Indian
nations now at war with us, and engageJ in this
rebellion, we must make new treaties and new
arrangements with them, and this very pending
claim might be one of the moans which could be
used in making proper negotiations with those
Indian tribes; and ithad better not be settled now,
independent of the consideration whether the Gov-
ernment should or should not become ultimately
£ liable to pay the interest on these stocks. 1o
those members of the Senate who believe that
it is just that this Government should assume
this debt, I appeal to say whether it is wise that
it should appear on this appiopriation bill. Ought
it not to be stricken out and to stand by itselt i
Mr. POMEROY. I reply by paying that such
a bill has been before the Indian Committee all
winter, and it has been impossible for tjs to get
any report on the question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs did report on that bill, but "they did
not believe that even in the case of the Weasand
Piankeshaws there was a just debt and obliga-
tion resting on the Government of the United
States. .That bill is before the Senate for its ac-
tion . If the Senate should disagree with the com-
mittee, very well. • i"
Mr, POMEROY, The Senator proposes that
we take the provision out of this appropriation
bill in order that we may consider it on a bill that
he reports against. That is precissly the state of
the case. 1 intended to say that we have been
trying all winter to get a favorable report and
could not do it. We finally got an unfavorable
report, and the chairman of the committee now
proposes that we shall consider the question on
an unfavorable report of his!
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not ask the question
to be considered on the report, but on the facts
and the justice and equities of the case. If the
Senate shall think, when the question is fully dis-
cussed, that as to the Weas -and Piankeshaws
there is an obligation resting on the Government
to assume that debt, let them discuss that question
by itself, and decide it on its merits. If they de-
cide against the committee, very well. If they
decide with the committee, that will be the end
of it.
But, Mr. President, I desire to say a single
word in reply to the Senator from Maryland. I
know that men are accustomed to speak of what
are called the wrongs perpetrated by the people
of the United States upon the Indian tribes* Sir,
I do not deny that wrongs are sometimes perpe-
trated upon them, perhaps by the Government
agents sometimes; but the legislation of Congress,
and the treaties that have been made by the Gov-
ernment of the United States, have always at-
tempted to provide for and to take care of the In-
dian tribes, and such has been the history of all
our treaties and all our legislation from the begin-
ning. It is true that we have not succeeded in pre-
serving the Indian tribes; but the difficulty is not
in the treaties that we have made, nor in the legis-
lation which we have passed. The difficulty is
in the case itself. We are a different race. God,
m His providence, has opened this New World to
the colonization of a different race from that which
inhabited it when our forefathers first landed upon
the shores of New England. From the day of
their landing down to the present hour, the Indian
race has been a dying, dying, dying race, and it
is fast passing away. It is not that the Govern-
ment lias inflicted wrong; it is not that the Gov-
ernment has not legislated in their interest; that it
has not appropriated money liberally and boun-
teously for the Indian tribes during their whole
history; but it grows out of the case itself, the
contact of the two races side by side upon the
frontiers of Christian civilization.
What do we see, sir, in the relations between the
white man and the Indian ? We see two classes
of men seeking association with the Indians.
There is the missionary, and ther^is the trader
and the speculator. The one you may say is the
child of Heaven, the other the child of the devil;
and they go on the borders of what we call Chris-
tian civilization, and between the operations of
them both the Indians are continually passing
away. There is a great deal of poetry expressed
in the old song which we heard in our youth,
sung by the Indian chief:
" Oh, vvhv should the white man follow my path,
Like a hound on a tiger's tiaek?
Does the flush on my d.uk elieek waken his wrath?
Dues lie covet tile bow nt my back?"
There is poetry in this, and there is fact in it
also. But as a race they are passing away and
giving place to another race with a higher civili-
zation, who are to take possession of the country
and fill it up with millions, instead of having this
vast continent of ours coveied by a few hundred
thousand wandering savages, hunting through
the forests and fishing ill the streams. God in His
providence is giving this continent to a hundred
millions of human beings of higher civilization,
of greater energies, capable of developing them-
selves, and doing good to themselves and the
world, and leading the advance guard of human
and .Christian civilization; •pafteyjp
men sometime* indulge wbeu ibay.Jtp^Jsi^fi^e
terrible wrongs  nd sufferings whiob at#
I may say that tie Indiap. race, is passing-#!^
fading away -before! the advancing whiter
this continent as the mists before the risii>g;#w .
It is almost altogether poetry, an<t wpb- if® his-
tory and the experience of the coumry, „ ; . >i
I agree with the Senator from Ohio that .it is
very possible that our jntprcpurse witlvthe JtrwjtW
tribes and our legislation might be ittipro.ved;.bHt
it is a very difficult, thing, let me assure .the
orable Senator, the,whole experience of.thjs.Goi?-
ernroent has shown it, to ascertain precisely, how
it js best to 4eaJ with the Indian tribes. By the
Constitution ef the United States they are,placed
under the Government of the United States., You
cannot turn them over to the States. The most
convenient mode in the world to get rid of tbi^
whole Indian difficulty would be, if the Consti-
tution would allow it, to say, let each State take
care of its own Indians, and let this Government
be rid of th® responsibility altogether. But the
Constitution imposes on this Government the re-
sponsibility of providing for them, and in
it our whole historyand practice has been to deal
.with the Indian tribes in the form of treaties, I
will say to my honorable friend from Ohio that
circumstances are very different now from what
they were at the beginning, when we were a little
feeble people just skirting theshores of New Eng-
land, and many of these Indian tribes were pow-
erful nations, and had power enough to sweep us
from the continent. We were glad to deal with
them then as independent nations,, and as our
equals, too, in power; but that time has passed.
They are now a feeble people, and we are a great
and powerful people.
It may be, as the Senator suggests, that a better
system than the treaty system might be adopted.
Perhaps by some'general legislation we could place
the Indian tribes under the control of this Gov-
ernment; but if you do so you must first settle
the question, shall the War Department take pos-
session of them, or shall the Interior or some
other Department? If the War Department takes
and keeps possession of them, which perhaps is
the wisest policy, it is by no means a more eco-
nomical policy than the policy pursued by the Sec-
retary of the Interior. We know very well that
some of the moneys which are expended in rela-
tion to the Indian tribes are wasted and squan-
dered; 1 have no doubt that dishonest men get the
administration of the funds, and use them to their
own benefit sometimes; butuponthe whole, bad
as it is, I believe that it is as economical as the
War Department would administer the same busi-
ness of taking care of the Indian tribes. There
are some reasons why I think it would be better
they should be under the War Department than
the Interior Department, because the Indian, being
a savage, looks to the man who has physical force
and power, and he looks to a military man with
more respect than he does to a civilian; and per-
haps under the control of the War Department
they might be better managed than they are under
the Interior Department; but I doubt .whether
they would be managed anymore economically.
In relation to theamountinvolved in this appro-
priation bill, as I desire notto have anything mis-
understood on this subject, I will state it precisely
as it is. The clerk of the Committee on Finance
made a mistake in looking into the estimates.
He judged by the book containing estimates, and
counted all under the head of " miscellaneous,"
which contains some othermatteis diffeientfrom
the Indian appropriations; he included all under
" miscellaneous appropriations for the Interior
Department." Tile amount of estimates for the
present year is $2,367,077; last year the estimates
were $2,657,000. The estimates for the present
year are $289,000 less than la3t year.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that only includes
appropriations for treaties.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, it includes every-
thing. If tins amount should be stricken from,
the bill, which is $350,220, and the amounts which
were added by the amendments yesterday remain,
which are §515,182 or thereabouts, the bill will be
about three million dollars, or a little less.
I hope this amendment will prevail, and tlws
clause be stricken from the bill; and to theSena-
tor from Kansas I say frankly that if he desires
at any time to call up the question to which he
