1864
THE CQNGItESSKMAL GLOBE,
able production. He misunderstood entirely the
use which I made of that judgment in this discus-
sion. 1 did not adduce it here to show that a
tax by the State, such as is now proposed, would
be unconstitutional, but simply to show that it
was inexpedient on the partof Congress to ajlow
it in advance; and I said that every considera-
tion, every argument, every word of that great
Chief Justice going to show that it was unconsti-
tutional on the part of a State to tax the bank,
was equally strong against the policy on our part,
at this moment, of allowing in advance any such
tax as is now proposed. That, sir, was my argu-
ment', and I submit that every word of that mas-
terly judgment sustains me irresistibly; The
language of the Chief Justice is:
" Does this power extend to those means which are em-
ployed by Congi ess to carry into execution powers con-
torted 011 that body by the people of the United States?"
And Mr. J ustice Story, in summing up, says:
"It is observable ihat these decisions turn upon the
point that no State can have authority to tax aninitrument
of the United States, or (hereby to diminish the means of the
United States, used in the exercise of -powers confided to it."
Now, sir, the simple question is whether, if you
allow the States to tax the national banks, they
will not thereby dimmish the means of the Uni-
ted States? Will it not be indirectly a tax on this
instrument which for the public good we are now
constructing? The Senator from Maine very pos-
itively says that it would not be so. I contcnt
myself with saying, certainly with a conviction
equally strong with his own", that it would be so.
Clearly, most clearly beyond all doubt the State
taxation, whether direct or indirect, must tend to
diminish the means of the United States. How can
it be otherwise? if the State may tax the national
bank may it not to a certain extent clog its op-
erations; may it not hamper its free movement;
may it not affect the value of its stock? It cannot
- be otherwise. I submit to the good sense of the
Senate whether it must not be so. And, again,
if the State cannot tax the bank directly, how can
it tax the bank indirectly; or rather, if it be inex-
pedient to tax the bank directly, must it not be
equally inexpedient to tax it indirectly? I repeat
these inquiries; but they contain the whole case.
I would not take up too much time, I would not
be too earnest, but the subject is of incalculable
importance; and I now strive, with proper humil-
ity, i trust, to secure that conclusion which will
be most for the national advantage.
But, sir, why should the State tax these invest-
ments? Because it needs the money. That is the
argument. But does not the nation need the money
at this moment more? And now that we are found-
ingthis institution, should we not to the best of
our ability so endow it that it will have the best
possible credit? We wish to induce investments
in the new banks. Can anything better be done
to promote such a result than to announce to the
country that they are founded by 'the nation,
dedicated to the best interests of the nation, and
carefully saved from any local mteiference of any
kind, so that they shall be national in character
and immunities as they are national in name?
Let this annunciation go forth, and you will give
your banks the best possible character; you will
make them .strong, so that their very infancy will
have the strength of maturity. But making them
strong, you will benefit the Republic at this mo-
ment as by a victory in the field. Taking from
local authorities all power of taxing these banks,
and conferring it exclusively upon Congress, you
Will make the banks independent and seif-poiscd;
but beyond this unquestionable advantage, you
will make another contribution to the national
Treasury to the extent of this taxation. There are
Senators who seek to divert this amount to swell
the State funds, i diifer from them, and avow the
difference. At this moment of peril to our na-
tional life Iwish to save it for my whole country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, 1 wish to
say a few words, rather of a personal character,
in reference to this debate, as I feel it to he due to
myself. Perhaps I was hasty in interrupting the
Senator from Massachusetts to call upon him for
some definite ptoofjfrom what I had said, of the
truth of his assertion. I have since, for fear that
I irnght, in the heatofargument, have said some-
thing that could be construed into a personality,
inquired of some six or eight gentlemen around
me, whether I had used any language that could
possibly be so construed, and the universal an-
swer has been,4 'Not a word." And yet, sir, in the
face of the fact, the Senator from Massachusetts,
not for the first time, has made a direct personal
attack upon me; for surely it is personality of a
gross kind to assert, in so many words, that the
general practice of a Senator here is to indulge in
personalities. This is the second time the Sena-
tor has said that of me. '
On the former occasion, in endeavoring to com-
bat an argument of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, I observed in substance that he seemed to
speak ex cathedra, but that was a matter of taste
of which he must judge for himself. In reply he
said that"the Senator from Maine began by being
personal." Why, sir, itisthe most, common ex-
pression in the world with regard to a style of
argument; and yet the Senator then said, as he
has said now, not only that the remark was per-
sonal, but further broadly intimated that it was
according to my usual character and habit. To-
day when I have argued the question before the
Senate, with some heat and warmth to be sure,
but touching only the Senator's argument, he
repeats that "the Senator from Maine in his
argument is himself personal." .
Now, sir, on which side does the personality
lie—in me, who said nothing that the Senator
could lay his finger upon, or him, who imputes
to me a general habit of personality in debate?
The Senate and the country, if it ever hears of
anything so trifling as this difference between the
Senator and. myself, will answer that question.
Sir, I consider it, when thus made for the second
time, a gross, and unfounded, and untrue impu-
tation. 1 am warm in debate and sometimes I
offend gentlemen a little, perhaps, and I notice
that it is the habit of one or two gentlemen to say
on such occasions, when I happen to* get into a
debate with them, that I am lecturing the Senate.
Why, sir, if I am lecturing anybody it is those
individual Senators, and they make a great mis-
take in supposing that they are the Senate. They
make but a very small fraction of the Senate, and
have no right to assume that they constitute the
Senate if thus lectured.
I have said thus much in defense of myself. I
have no idea that, undisputed and uncorrected,
the Senator from Massachusetts shall indulge
himself in attempting to give me such a character
in the country withVegard to debate, especially
when he has nothing to found it on in regard to
himself, and cannot allege a word that 1 have
spoken in support of his assertion. 1 know that
he has means at his command which 1 have not.
He has, to say the least, one newspaper which
ordinarily echoes what he says, and attacks every-
body that he happens to differ with. On that
former occasion the matter was paraded substan-
tially as a personal assault of the Senator from
Maine, because he happened to say that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts spoke ex cathedra, but
that the Senator fi om Massachusetts replied with
his usual dignity and courtesy, and conclusive-
ness of argument! I expect now, when I get the
next number of that paper, because I am nonored
by having it sent to me sometimes, without my
requesting it, however, to see something like
this 
Mr. POMEROY. What paper is it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. A paper called the Com-
monwealth. *
Mr. SUMNER. Then I can only say to the
Senator that I do not even know the editor of
the paper.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how that
may be; I only judge from what appears. I pre-
sume it will came with a statement something
like this: " that in this debate the Senator from
Maine, Mr. Fessendbn, in his usual uncourteous
and ungentlemanly style, attacked the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, Mr. Sumner"—
without giving the speech, because it seldom if
ever gives anything coming from me that it founds
its remaiks upon—" and our distinguished Sen-
ator, with that elegance of language, with that
refinement of manner, with that force of argu-
ment, and with all that courtesy which always
dignify and adorn everything that he does and
says in debate, replied in such a conclusive and
overwhelming manner that the Senator from
Maine was dumb." [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, there is but
one question of fact in what has fallen from the
Senator, and that is certainly a very trivial one.
He has alluded-to a newspaper. I interrapted
him to say that I did not -even know; the edite*
of that paper, I think that ughf to'satisfy even
the Senator. I presume, however; it ^iH:no€.
.There are literary writers in the paper that jMriWUf
some knowledge of. Let me add that I dotib&lf
there is any one on this floor who has tess'^dn-
nection with the public press than f have. " Vr J
The Senator was very anxious lest 1 should
give him what he called a general chafactefin thfe
country for personality. Those were his words.1
I beg to assure the Senator from $faine that the
general character in the country whifcft -he wiii
have is that which he gives himself. * ' " '
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish -to Say in reply
that if the Senator fails to do it it will not be-' fot
want of effort and disposition, but only because
his capacity'is not equal to his desire.
Mr. SHERMAN. After this very pleasant'
episode 1 fear the Senate will scarcely be in &
temper to recur to' the real question before the,
body. It has been discussed in such a,variety
of ways, and yet is a plain question. The dis-
cussion has extended into many matters that are
not really before the Senate. I concur with
Senator from Maine in one proposition, that this /
does not raise a constitutional question.- Thfete /
is no doubt about the power of Congress to w'ith* ,!
hold these agencies from State taxation. I joolc
upon that as settled. The case cited by the'Sen-1
ator from Massachusetts settled the general prin-
ciple that the States had no right to tax the
agencies of the General Government. But that
is not the question in this case. Here it is pro-
posed that Congress shall confer upon the States
the express power; and the question is whether
we shall give the States that power. Nor is it a
question aa to the amount of tax. I believe all
the members of the Senate are willing to impose'
the same amount of tax on these banks^that is
imposed on the property of the citizen anywhere.
Yesterday, in discussing this matter, I sug-
gested that the United States tax proposed on the 1
banks should be doubled, that the amountof tax \
on these banks levied by the United States should
be so heavy that no one could say that property <
employed in national banks paid a less rate of
taxation than property engaged in other business.
I said yesterday that if this proviso were stricken
out I would follow it with an amendment to dou-
ble the rate of taxation. I am in favor of impos-
ing on these national banks the full amount of tax
that is imposed on any other property employed
in a like business in afty State of the Union. I
think that all the property of the people of this
country must be taxed very heavily; and I do not
want those who engage in these national banks \
to escape one single dollar of tax. The difference \
between us is justthis: I insist that whatevertaX >
is levied on these banks shall be paid into the
national Treasury to pay the interest and princi-
pal of the nationaldebt; other Senators desire that
a portion of the tax levied on the national banks [
shall be paid to support the State governments," :
the city governments, the county governments,
the local municipal corporations of the different ,
States. That is all the difference between us. So
far as the rate of taxation is concerned, there is
no difference. I am willing, as one of the friends
of this measure, to impose on this property any
burden of taxation that any Senator thinks it can
bear and live. The only difference is, that I do
not wish any portion of this taxation to be di-
verted from national objects for State, county, and
municipal purposes. Here we are creating cor-
porations with power to bank; and the only ques-
tion with us is, shall we confer on all the towns
and counties and cities and States of this Union
the powerof taxation, to control their operations,
and substantially to destroy them? It seems to
me that is the only question, and not as to the rate
of taxation.
But the Senator from Maine yesterday said
that in this proposition we proposed to sequester
§300,000,000 of the capitalfof this country; and
he used a word that is odious on account of its
connection with the old mortmain laws of Eng-
land. The word "sequester" means " to with-
draw," " to reserve." I believe the Senator from
Vermont followed to-day in using the word " se-
quester," an unpopular word, a word which when
applied to the old ecclesiastical corporations of
England was justly odious. When some of the
monasteries of England acquired real estate, that
