270-
APPENDIX'TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 25.
38m Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
and'he is hereby, directed, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to Darius S. Cole the sum of two thousand two
hundred and twenty-four dollars, in full for ma-
terials furnished to the United States for the con-
struction of the pier in Little Sodus bay,-Lake
Ontario.
Approved, April 9, 1864.
Chap. LVIl.—An Act for the R.elief of William
G. Brown.
• Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he-hereby is, directed, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
pay to William G. Brown the sum of ninety-
nine dollars, in full for stone or other materials
fised byorder of the agents of the Government
in the construction of a pier in Little Sodus bay,
on Lake Ontario, in the year one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-three.
■Approved, April 9,1864.
Chap. LXII.—An Act confirming the Title of
Joseph Ford to certain Lands in Rice County,
in the State of Minnesota.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the title of Joseph Ford in and
to the following described lands, to wit: the south
half of the northeast quarter, and the southeast
quarter of the northwest quarter, and the north-
west quarter of the southeast quarter of section
six, imovvnship one hundred and eleven, of range
nineteen, in Rice county, in the State of Minne-
sota, containing one hundred and sixty acres,
be, and the same is hereby, fully and absolutely
confirmed, and that a patent be issued to the said
Joseph Ford for the same.
Approved, April 19, 1864.
Chap. LXXV.—An Act for the Relief of Wil-
liam C. Walker, and others.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, directed to pay, out of any
iponey in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of six hundred and sixty-four dol-
lars and ninety cents to the following: persons,
and in the sums following, viz: To William C.
Walker', eighty-three dollars and twenty-five
cents; to John S. Emrie, seventy dollars; to A.
G. Crane, ninety-'seyen dollars and fifty cents;
to Georgp W. Pilbean, twenty-one dollars and
fifty cents; to E. Goodrich, eighty-seven dollars
and seventy-five cents; to Jacob Cox, eleven dol-
lars and twenty-five cents; to Thomas Lamkin,
ninety-two dollars and twenty-five cents; to Por-
ter Durefl, ninety dollars; to Matthew Randall,
ninety-six-dollars and seventy-five cents;-to Da-
vid Lynn, five dollars and fifty cents; to Andrew
Lisk, four dollars; to William Burkes, three
dollars; to William Depuy,.two dollars and
twenty-five cents, for hibor done and performed
by the above named persons, respectively, on
the bridge across the Ohio river and floating bat-
tery atPad&cab, by and under the direction of
General John C. Fremont, while commanding
the army of the West.
Approved, May 3, 18G4.
Chap. LXXV1.—An Act for the Relief of Jesse
Williams.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office be directed to issue a patent to
Jesse Williams, of Jefferson county, Iowa, for
the west half of the northwest quarter of section
fifteen, township sixty-seven north, of range
fifteen west, m the State of Iowa: Provided,
however, That no rights acquired by other per-
sons shall be affected by this act.
Approved, May 3, 1864.
Chap. LXXXV1I.—An Act to authorize the
Settlement of the Accounts of A. Bush, late
Public Printer for the Territory of Oregon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That the proper accounting officer of
the Treasury be, and hereby is, authorized to
audit arid allow the account of Asahel Bush, late
public printer of the Territory of Oregon, for
printing, binding, and so forth, in the year eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred copies
of the statutes enacted by the Legislative As-
sembly of said Territory at its sessions of eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-three and four, and eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four and five, and allow
for the same such prices as were by law allow-
able for such services at that time; and that the
amount that shall be found due upon said account
shall be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, May 16, 1864.
Chap. XC.—An Act for the Relief of Margaret
M. Stafford, Widow of Reuben Stafford, of
Coshocton County, Ohio.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Margaret M. Stafford, widow of Reuben Stafford,
of Coshocton county, Ohio, on the pension roll,
at the rate of eight dollars per month, to com-
mence on the twenty-sixth day of August, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-three, and to continue
during her widowhood.
Approved, May 19, 1864.
Chap. XCI.—An Act for the Relief of Charles
L. Nelson.
Be. it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay to Charles L.
Nelson the sum of three hundred and eight dol-
lars, out of any money in the Treasury not oth-
erwise appropriated, it being for his services as
agent for the improvement of the harbor of Bur-
lington, Vermont, from the fifteenth day of Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, to the
second day of April, eighteen hundred and.fifty-'
three, inclusive, at four dollars per day.
Approved, May 19, 1864.
Chap. C.—An Act for the Relief of Julia A. Ames.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized mid direr ted to place
the name of Julia A. Ames, widow of John e.
Ames, late a sergeant in the sixth regiment of
Massachusetts volunteers, and who died of inju-
ries received in the city of Baltimore on the nine-
teenth of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-one,
upon the pension roll, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, from the said nineteenth day of April,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, to continue dur-
ing tier widowhood.
Approved, May 28, 1864.
Chat. CV.—An Act for the Relief of Frederick
A. Beelcn, late Secretaiy of Legation to Chili.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Xjnited States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authoiized to pay to Frederick A. Bcelen,
late secretary of legation to Chili, the sum of {
one hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-six I
cents, out of any money in the Treasury nototh- j
erwise appropriated, in full for difference in sal- j
ary under the several acts of Congress on that ;
subject, while he acted as such secretary, before j
he was informed of such reduction, and until he ■
had full time to return to the United States. i
Approved, June 2, 1864. j
hereby authorized and directed to pay, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to Warren W. Green the sum of forty-
seven dollars and seventy-nine cents, being for his
services on the Fort Kearney and Honey Lake
wagon road, in the year eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven.
Approved, June 7, 1864.
Chap. CXLVI.—An Actfor the Relief of Rhoda
Wolcott, Widow of Henry Wolcott.
Be it. enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Statesof America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed toplace
the name of Rhoda Wolcott, widow of Henry
Wolcott, who -was a private in a company of
New York United States detached militia, of the
regiment commanded by Colonel Thomas B. Ben-
edict, in the war of eighteen hundred and twelve,
on the pension roll, at the rate of four dollars per
month, said pension to begin on the fourteenth
day of November, eighteen hundred and sixty,
and to continue during her widowhood.
Approved, June 20, 1864.
Chap. CLXI.—An Act to increase the Pension
of Isaac Allen.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he hereby is, authorized and directed to raise
the pension of Isaac Allen from a half to a full
pension, and to pay him such increased pension
from the twenty-sixth day of April, in the year
of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and
sixty-four, and continue during his natural life.
Approved, June 25, 18G4.
Chap. CXII.—An Act forthe Relief of Warren l!
W. Green. j'
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- J!
sentatives ojihe United Statesof Americain Congress i!
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is ii
Chap. CLXXXVI.—An Act concerning certain
Locations of Lands in the State of Missouri.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That all of the right, title, and interest of
the United States in and to all of the lands wiihin
the respective boundaries of the following de-
scribed locations in township forty-five north,of
the base line, in range seven east, of the fifth prin-
cipal meridian line, in the State of Missouri, made
by virtue of certificates issued under the act of
Congress, approved February the seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and fifteen,entitled "An act for
the relief of the inhabitants of the late county of
No w Madrid, in the Missouri Territory, who suf-
fered by earthquakes," shall be, and the same are
hereby, granted, relinquished, and conveyed by
the United States, in fee-simple and in full prop-
erty, to the lollowing mentioned persons, respect-
ively, or their respective legal representatives, in
whose names said locations were severally made,
to wit: location under certificate number onehun-
dred and sixty-one, being survey number two
thousand five hundred, in the name of Joseph
Hunot, or his legal representatives; location un-
der certificate number three bundled and forty-
eight, being survey number two thousand seven
hundred and twelve, in the name of James Con-
way, or his representatives; location under cer-
tificate number one hundred arid fifty-nine, being
survey.number two thousand four hundred and
ninety-one, in the name of J. Smith, or his legal
representatives; location under certificate number
one hundred and forty-five, being survey number
two thousand four hundred and mnety-mne, in
the name of Martin Coontz, or his legal repre-
sentatives; locution under cei tificate number nine-
teen, being survey number two thousand six
hundred and ninety-two, in the name of Joseph
Genereux, or his representatives; location under
certificate number sixteen, being survey number
two thousand six hundred and twenty, in the
name of Francis^ Delisle, or his legal represent-
atives; and location under certificate number one
hundred and sixty-four, being survey number
two thousand five hundred and forty-one, in the
name of John Brooks, or his legal representatives:
Provided, however, That nothing contained in the
foregoing provisions of this act shall, directly or
indirectly, comprehend, include,extend to,grant,
