THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. DAWES. I hope we shall go on and finish
up the Virginia election case this afternoon. Un-
less the gentleman ffom Kentucky is exhausted
or desires an adjournment, I shall demand the
yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. He would
prefer to conclude his remarks on Monday.
Mr. MALLORY. I will state to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts that my colleague does
desire an adjournment.
Mr. DAWES. Then I have nothing further
to say;
The question was taken on Mr. Stiles's mo-
tion, and it was agreed to; and thereupon (at ten
minutes to four o'clock, p. m.) the House ad-
journed.  
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 27,186*4.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. II. Ciianjjikg.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
president's annual mjsesage.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and "that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended ; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawks
in the chair,) the business in order being the con-
sideration of the President's annua! message,
upon which this gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Brandegee] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Mr. Cimii man, when the
House was last m Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union generally, I obtained the
floor for the benefit of my colleague from the Hart-
ford district, [Mr. Dfmiwg,] who was then tem-
porarily absent from the committer, but who de-
sired at an early day to submit his views upon the
President's message,and upon the general policy,
as I understood, of the restoiation of the insur-
gent. States. As my colleague is not at this mo-
ment prepared to go on, and as the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. IIaudintgJ is, I lesign the
floor unconditionally in favor of the gentleman
from Kentucky.
RESTORATION OK THE UNION.
Mi*. HARDING. Mr. Chairman, at an early
day of the present session 1 submitted to the
House this resolution:
" Rcsolccd, T'nit the Irnion li;e< not been di-:-olved ; and
that whenever the rebellion, nt any one oi the h*-c<hUi<1
States, shall be put down ami Milhlucrt, either by (bice of
the I'Ydeutl aniM oi by the voluntary Mibmi^-ion ot the peo-
ple of such Mate to Hie auihoi ity oi the Con-rlituiion, ilien j
micli Stale will theiehy he testoiert to all its rights am] puvi- I
legos as a State ot the Union mulci the constitution of mioIi ;
Stale and the Constitution ot the (hated State.-, including I
the right to re^uhihvoidei, and contiol u* own dome.-lio |
Institution!, according lo the constitution .nut law-* ot Mich |
State, fiee irom all concessional ot executive eontiulor I
dictation." I
I was anxious a vote should be taken upon this
resolution hi the time if was picsrntud; but tin' J
uiling majoiity m this House would notnllow it. 1
They seemed unwilling to t.ike ground before the j
country on thisimportniUquesnon. They would i
neither vote for the resolution nor take the re- ;
sponsibility of voting against it; and we have not i
been able to bring the House to a vote upon it up j
to the present time. j
This resolution is in direct antagonism to the j
President's plan of reconstruction*' announced |
in his message and piociamaiion of theB'h of De- •
comber, 18G3. And whether the resolution takes j
the true, ground in ic^aid to the condition of the j
soul hern States after the rebellion shall have been ,
subdued, depends entirely upon the correctness |
ofiis first piopotunon, which declares " the Union |
has not been dissolved." The whole controvei sy ]
turns on this question. I hold that ail the ordi-
nances of secession in the southern States were
absolutely null and void, and being so, did not,
could not work any change m the constitutional
relations of those States. The President, in his
inaugural addiess, uses this language:
" I hold that, in contemplation <>f uiuveiaal law and of
the Constitution, the Union of thc-e States is perpetual."
* * * k Continue to execute all the express
provisions of our national Constitution, and the Union will
endure lotuvei; it beinff impossible to de-noy it except by
ioiuu action not piovided for in the la&tiument itself,"
* * • * * " But if destiuction of the Union by t
one, or by a part only, of the States, be lawfully possible, j
the Union is less perfect than before the Constitution, hav-
ing lost the vital element of perpetuity. It Soilow.-, nom ]
these views, that no State upon its own meic motion can j
lawfully get out of the Union; that resolves and oidmanccs i
to that effect are legally vo;d; and that acts of violence,
within any Slate or States, again&t the authontyof the Uni-
ted States, are iiiburtectionary or revoluttonaiy, aceoiding
to circumstances. I theicfore consider that, m view of the
Constitution and the laws, the Union is unbroken."
This view of the question taken by the Presi-
dent seems to me entirely sound. But whether
his practice now is not at open war with his own
theory remains to be considered. It is certain
that.his view of the subject was everywhere in-
dorsed by the Republican party. It was also in-
dorsed everywhere by Democrats and conserva-
tives, who still stand by and maintain it as the
true ground. It follows, therefore, if Ihe Union
has been dissolved, it must have been effected,not
by secession, but by a successful revolution in the
South. But whoever contends for this acknowl-
edges the independence of the South, and, to be
consistent, should abandon the war. But we
know the revolution is not yet a success.
The Union, then, " has not been dissolved,"
and these southern States, in view of constitu-
tional law, are as cleaily members of the Union
to-day as at any former period. Sir, it is hecause
these States arc in the Union that their citizens
owe allegiance to the Federal Government, and
submission and obedience to its Constitution and
laws. Citizens of these States who resist the
authority of the Constitution and laws are rebels,
because the States themselves are in the Union.
And it i3 because these Suites are in the Union
that war can be constitutionally and justifiably
prosecuted against the insurgents, to compel their
obedience to the Constitution and laws of the
Union. Mr. Chairman, if a State is in the Union,
it follows as a necessary consequence that when-
ever the rebellion in such State is subdued, and
the insurgents brought back to their allegiance,
either by force of the Federal arms or by then-
own voluntary submission to the authoiity of the
Constitution, then the State is at once restored to
all its rights and privileges us a State of the
Union—may represent itself in Congress, and do
all other acts which any sister State may law-
fully do under the Constitution of the United
States. This is a clear constitutional right which
can be wrested from the State only by the hand
of violence and usurpation. There can be no
such thing as reconstruction, or the rebuilding of
a Union which was never broken or dissolved.
Mr. Chairman, the Constitution knows no dif-
ftnence between Stati s in the Union. It guar-
anties to every State in this Union a republican
form of government. The same rights and pow-
ers u are reserved to the States respectively." The
Constitution alike protects and guards fiom Fed-
eral encroachment the local institutions, laws, and
constitutions of every State in the Union. It im-
poses the same restraints on executive power m
every State. The President can no more lay his
hand on the Constitution, laws, mid local insti-
tutions of Louisiana than on those of Massachu-
setts. To d o either would be a palpable violation
of the Constitution and a daring act of usurpation .
And, sir, is their n man here from theNoith who
will consent to the exercise over his own State
of the power claimed by the President, and then
hold up his head and claim to be a fiee citizen of
a fiee State?
Butyet, sir, though the President and his party,
as we have seen, were openly pledged before the
whole country to the doctnne that "-the Union
was nut dissolved, but was perpetual," we now
find him, in h'S Lite message and proclamation,
atopen war with his own published theory. Now
we hear only of State governments "subverted"
or destroyed, of the " iestablishment" of Slate
governments, and of " framing new State gov-
ernments" in the South. What room is there
" to frame and set up new State governments" if
the old ones are still standing? Sir, it is manifest
that the President's plan of " reconsti nction " in-
volves and goes beyond the odious doctnne of
State suicide. Assuming that the State govern-
ments are subverted and destroyed, and tlioTJmoti
dissolved, he proceeds with Ins plan for " the re-
coti.sti nction of the Union" by framing and set-
ting up new State governments " in the mode pre-
scribed" by himself. That is, by his imperial
edict, he strikes down States and State govern-
ments, abrogates their constitutions and laws,
makes no distinction between the loyal and dis-
loyal, treats all as rebels, and disfranchises and
stiips the whole southern population of every
civil and political right.
But then, as a mere act of grace and mercy, his
Excellency proclaims that if one tenthoi' the voters
in any one of the disfranchised States shall takean
oath to " faithfully support,protect,and defend the
Constitution of the United States, and the union
of the States thereunder," and also swear that
they " will in like manner abide by and faithfully
support all proclamations of the President, made
during the existing rebellion having reference to
slaves," "and thenceforward keep and maintain
said oath inviolate," then, that one tenth of the
voters of the State shall be restored, not to the right
of free suffrage, but to the glorious privilege of
voting as he directs, and by that means "frame
and set up a new State government," not one of
their own choice, but a State government framed
and fashioned in all things according to the pat-
tern mapped out by the master-builder with a
pencil dipped in blood.
Sir, the loyal man of the South, who has strug-
gled hard against the rebellion, who has ever been
true to his allegiance, and done nothing to forfeit
any of his rights, is required to confess himselt
a rebel, swear to give up all claim to his slaves,
and swear to support all proclamations issued,
now or hereafter; in other words, he is to swear
allegiance to the President. And then he is to
receive amnesty or pardon for sins he never com-
mitted, and as a reward to his loyalty have con-
ferred upon him the exalted privilege of votingas
the President directs.
But, sir, there is still another difficulty in the
" prescribed oath." The man who supports the
Constitution of the United States must maintain
the old Union formed by that Constitution; and
must, of course, support and maintain the old
States which compose that Union. But the man
who supports the proclamation must sanction the
overthrow of the State constitutions and laws of
the southern States, and aid in framing and setting
up new State governments—must aid in breaking
up the old Union, and in building on its ruins a
new and different Union, wholly unknown to the
Constitution. In this, and in all other important
particulars, the proclamation and the Constitution
stand directly opposed to each other. So that a
man can support the one only by disregaidingand
opposing the other. But he must swear to sup-
port both. Therefore the man who takes the
" prescribed oath " is necessarily re-quired to com-
mit perjury, in the very act of taking it. This
would have been considered a serious matter, in
times past, when " oaths registered in Heaven"
weie revered and observed on earth—hut now,
doubtless many Will regard the southern man who
stickles about the oath he'takes as not yet fit for
adoption into the abolition family.
Here, then, we have the President's plan of
setting up new State governments. No man is
allowed n voice, whatever else ho may swear, ex-
cept he also swears to support the President's pol-
icy. Loyalty wilh an oath to support the Con-
stitution avails nothing. The President will test
the materials "so as to build only from the sound,"
and in his judgment it is safe to accept as sound
whoever will swear to support hisproclamations,
" excluding ail others."
Sir, let us pause for a moment and examine
this test. Ten citizens in the State of Tennessee
present themselves. Nine of these men are ven-
erable for their age. They are the sons of patri-
ots who fought the battles of the Revolution, tn
early childhood they imbibed and have cherished
through life the deepest devotion to that old flag
undeAvhio.h Washington and their fathers fought.
They have opposed and struggled hard against the
piesent lebelhon. They fought under our flag in
the war of 1812, and, at a later period, in Mexico,
and bear upon their venerable persons uumeious
seals received in those wars; and now at the sight
of that tdd flag they weep tears of joy. But they
must be tested. They are more than willing to
swear to support the Constitution and the old
Union; but they cannot do violence to their con-
science by swearing to suppoi t the proclamations.
That is the test, and they are rejected as unsound.
The tenth man is then examined; and though
not advanced in years, he was among the first to
volunteer under the flag of Jeff. Davis; he is now
