1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
will not be evaded ? In nine cases out of ten non-
residents will own the bank capital. The banks
of Ohio will be under the control of non-residents
in order to avoid the tax. The banks of the West
will be owned by citizens of Ohio in order to avoid
thetax. Weknowhow difficult it is to frame laws
to reach taxes on personal property. I tell you,
Senators, under this provision not one half of the
banking capital or the market value of the shares
invested in these national banks will be taxed by
local authority, because non-residents will evade
the tax. It is known to be a common practice
now among the wealthiest of our citizens to go be-
yond a city in order to avoid the municipal tax.
Some of the very wealthiest men in the city of
New York, who do business every day in New
York, live in their country places beyond the reach
of city taxes. They will give in their property, if
they give it honestly, at a place where the taxes
will be low. I say that under this provision the
tax may be evaded and avoided, and I doubt very
much whether you will get one half of the market
value of these shares placed upon the duplicate
anywhere, either in the place where the bank is
located or anywhere else.
There is another objection which I submit to
Senators. The general purpose of this bill is to
require the great body of the stock to be owned
in the State, or rather to encourage the owner-
ship of the stock where the bank is located; but
under this provision it will be the interest of every
"man to own stock in a bank far removed from
him, because in that way he will be more likely
to escape the tax. Therefore the citizen of Ohio
will take stock in a bank in Nebraska. The
result will be that we shall have a system of non-
resident management of a bank. When a bank
is owned in a local community, the stockholders,
directors, and agents are known to that commu-
nity as men of standing and sense, the bank is
much more likely to be managed well than if the
bank is owned by persons at a remote distance
who have cot the necessity and have not the op-
portunity to watch over the management of the
bank. If the bank is left to be managed by per-
sons whose interest in it is small, and whose cap-
ital is not involved m the proper management of
that bank, it is not likely to be so well managed.
This provision will tenu to encourage non-resi-
dent proprietors of banks, because they will not
be taxed where the bank is located, but will take
the chances of having the market value of their
shares put upon the tax duplicate where they
reside.
Why, sir, it is unequal; it is unjust. In the
city of Detroit, where 1 am told the taxes are very
heavy, non-residents will own the banks and will
not pay one dollar to aid the city of Detroit under
this provision as it stands in the bill, because it
is intended that the property of the shareholder
shall be put down where he lives. Therefore, if
he lives in the city of New York he will not pay
this large municipal tax in the city of Detroit.
But that is not all. Suppose this stock is owned
by an Englishman or a Frenchman, a foreigner,
where will you tax him? It escapes taxation
entirely. Take the Bank of Commerce of the
city of New York, a large portion of whose capi-
tal stock and shares is owned in Europe. Under
the system proposed by the committee not one
half of that stock would be taxed, because it is
non-resident stock. Under the system proposed
by the Senator fiom Kansas a large portion of it
would be taxed if it was not invested in bonds of
the United States.
Mr. COLLAMER. It has double the amount
of its capital ill United States bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that bank has a
greater amount of bonds than it has capital; but
1 use it as an illustration, because a bank may be
organized under this bill which has invested but
one third of its capiial stock in bonds of the United
States, and this amendment would provide that
the amount invested in bonds only should have
the same exemption as bonds would have if they
were held by private individuals, while all the
capital and all the property they possess beyond
the amount of the bonds would be subject to State,
local, and municipal taxation.
I do not want the owners of these national
banks to escape taxation. 1 wish that distinctly
understood. If this amendment of the Senator
from Kansas shall prevail, I shall offeusn amend-
ment for the consideration of the Senate to dou-
ble the rate of taxation proposed by this bill,'to
put two per cent, on their circulation, one per
cent, on their deposits,and'two per cent, on their
surplus capital, which is accumulated profit, so
as to make altogether a large measure of taxa-
tion. But, sir, I want the tax derived from this
source to go into the national Treasury, where
we need it. No tax can be or has been proposed
here that I will not readily vote for. If it is ne-
cessary still further to tax these banks, or if it is
necessary still further to tax the national securi-
ties, or to increase our duties on importations, or
to increase our internal revenue, I am perfectly
willing to share in the responsibility of putting
upon our people any burden of taxation. I be-
lieve we can collect one half or even more than
one half of our large expenditures by indirect tax-
ation under our revenue laws. All that I claim
is, that if this system is organized by the national
Government, the tax imposed upon the property
invested in these banks shall be set aside as a
national fund to be used for national purposes.
Mr. COLLAMER. I had a desire to say a
few words in answer to that part of the argument
of the Senator from Massachusetts in relation to
what I said. I should have liked to have had the
privilege to do it immediately upon his closing. I
tried to obtain the opportunity, but other gentle-
men succeeded in getting the floor. I do not de-
sire to follow the Senior from Ohio through all
his argument, but I wish to say a few words in
regard to it.
I endeavored to make the point before the Sen-
ate which I supposed to be the one really involved
in this proposition; and that was that it proposed
to sequester this laige amount of capital. The
Senator from Ohio does not like the word " se-
questration." 1 do not know of any that will fit
any better. It was to take and set apart a par-
ticularly large value, an amount of property m
the State, and take it away from the taxation of
the State. That i? sequestration; but the word
seems to be offensive. I did not mean to use it
in any offensive sense, and I did not know that it
had any offensive meaning, certainly not in this
country. That was the point that 1 endeavored
to present in the remarks 1 made.
The Senator from Massachusetts asked why I
did not complain of the large amount of property
set apart for the Navy, the great amountof prop-
erty which is set apart in the munitions of war
and arms for the Army, especially in this time^of
war. Is that a fair, candid mode of answering
me? Do we not all know that that property
which is thus purchased by the Government for
its present occasions is taken away from both
taxations, from all taxation, and is not the sub-
ject-matter of taxation? What I was endeavor-
ing to make a point of was, the undertaking to
relieve property which was subject to taxation
both by the General Government and the State
government from taxation by the State govern-
ment, and keep it exclusively for the use of the
General Government. I endeavored to show how
that was attempted on this occasion; and then I
am answered that really I ought to have com-
plained about property that is taken from the tax-
ation of both governments! Is there any paral-
lel between the cases? None whatever. I say
again, if 1 can make it any plainer, that the point
was of taking property which was subjectto tax-
ation v,j both and putting it only to the taxation
of one and taking it away from the other; and
then I am told that is the same case as the taking
of property away from taxation by both. Cer-
tainly it is not. Hence I do not think it any fair,
candid answer. I have no doubt the gentleman
who used it thought it was, but it does not seem
so to me.
The subject still returns. It has not altered
any. A large part of the argument of the hon-
orable Senator who has just taken his seat con-
sisted in questions, the Socratic mode of reason-
ing. I shall not attempt to take up the time of
the Senate in answering them; but there were one
or two things in his speech to which I wish to
call attention.
He says they have left for State taxation the
real estate. Is that true? Have they made any
provision that that shall be leftexclusively to the
States ? It is proposed to make provision to take
this banking capital and set it away entirely for
the General Government, and then they say to
the States, "We have left you the land there."
Have you set apart that land to us exclusively?
Do you not reserve the power of taxing it"any
day you have a mind to do so? Cartaitrty.,, Jt*
is totally immaterial whether, in point offactj it
is taxed in this bill or any other bill," ox not at
all. That is not the point I am talking, about.
I am talking about our placing property where It,
cannot be taxed by one side.' That is what is at-
tempted here. I said before that all taxes neees-.
sary to the Government must be raised and must
be paid, if there are any means in the hand's of
individuals to pay them to the Government. Un-
doubtedly the right of eminent domain in the
Government necessarily includes the power to
take all the property of every man in the form of
taxation. It belongs to the Government if it needs
it and wants it. Undoubtedly, the General Gov-
ernment has used "this power, and can use it, tod
ought to use it, to the full measure of their neces-
sities; but that is not the point. The point is, is
it right, is it just, is it prop.er, is it good policy,
for us to say that We will lay hands upon that,
which we think most available for the-General
Government to lay taxes upon, and take that
away from the States altogether? That is the point.
That is a mere question of policy, of expedi-,
ency. It is not a question of constitutional law
particularly. I never stated that it was. The
honorable Senator from Massachusetts read a
great deal from the opinion of Chief Justice Mar-
shall in McCulloch's case. Whaf on earth has
that to do with this question? That was a case
where the General Government made a bank arid
the State of Maryland undertook to tax the op-
erations of that bank in that State. The court
decided that the State could not do it. The ques-
tion before us now is, will we agree in Congress
to say that the State may have the power of tax-
ation to a certain extent? Is there anything un-
constitutional in that? Has that anything to do
with the McCulloch case ? Nothing in the world,
as a question of expediency, not that a decision
of a constitutional right and wrong has nothing
to do with it. Besides that, the Chief Justice
stated iri that very case that the State had a right
to tax the shares of inhabitants of Maryland in.
that institution. I think that was going a good
way, unless there was some reservation in the
statute for the purpose.
The Senator from Ohio talks a good deal about
this mode of taxation, and all the while he seems
to confound the taxation of the shares, the prop-
erty of the owners of the stock, and the taxation
of the banks themselves as if they were identical.
The Supreme Court thought they were not iden-
tical in the McCulloch case. lie says, and re-
peats it again and again, that these banks ought
not to be taxed except for their capital beyond
what they own in United States stock. Let us
take the plain case to which he alludes. Here
is the Bank of Commerce of New York. I be-
lieve it has $9,000,000of capital,and it has about
sixteen million ofUnited States stock. That pays
no tax. Has it got any', lung over and above which
the proposed amendment could reach? Nothing
at all. It has got no United States circulation,
and does not ever want to have, and very little
of its own. It does not want any. It docs not
desire to take out any paper for ciiculation, and
it is not obliged to do so. So every bank that is or-*
ganized undcrthis system has but to putits capital
into United States bonds and there is no taxation
upon it. They may make earnings on those bonds,
but there is to be a tax on the dividends.
The truth is, the distinction between the insti-
tution itself and the owners of the stock in it as
private property is capable of being well under-
stood and always carried in mind, and should
not be and need not be confounded. I say it is
right if a man lives in one State, one municipality,
county, or town, and has his money and property
there, and made it there, that it should besubject
to contribution for the Government there. If that
man puts that money into a bank in any part of the
country, the place of his residence, where the per-
sonal property thatheowns belongs, is the locality,
theonly properand just place, in which it should
be taxed. It is not true that if a bank is estab-
lished in a city, owned by people, if you please,
in another city, that that particular city ought to
have the right of all the taxation on that institu-
tion. There is no justice in it, there is no law in
it, and ought never to be.
In New England, the State lias a small per cent.
