1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I
fresh from the confederate camps, and the loyal
blood he has shed is still upon his garments; he
does not hesitate at an oath, but swears to sup-
ort all proclamations that have been or ever may
e issued, and is therefore " acceptcd as sound;"
and immediately the nine war-worn and scarred
veterans, with their families and property, are
all transferred to him to be ruled and governed
by his sovereign will. They are disfranchised,
silenced, and dare not utter a complaint, for the
military power is at hand to arrestand imprison.
Sir, this is, indeed, " putting down the President's
foot;" but it is the iron tread of despotism, crush-
ing out the last vestige of constitutional liberty
where it moves, and leaving nothing but desola-
tion in its path.
Mr. Chairman, the daring boldness with which
the President announces his despotic schcme of
government should arouse and alarm every friend
of his country. He points out the exact charac-
ter of the State governments to be set up, points
out the exact number of voters, and fixes and set-
tles the exact qualifications of these voters, one of
which is, as we have seen, that they shall commit
perjury in advance by swearing to support both
the Constitution and the proclamations. But
even then, after this high proof of loyalty to the
President, he will not trust them, for he allows
them to set up a State government only "in the
mode prescribed by himself." Sir, it is all his
work, and the voters are his menials to perform
it for him. But when such a government is setup
by one tenth of the voters, how shall it be main-
tained and enforced by so small a number over all
the rest? The President has thought of and pro-
vided for this, for he says in his message and
proclamation, when "a State government shall
be, in the mode prescribed, set up, such govern-
ment shall be recognized and guarantied by the
United States," and under it the State shall be
protected against invasion and domestic violence.
Yes, sir, military power is to be invoked. The
free white laborers from the loyal States are to be
conscripted, taken from their homes to the South,
and there kept yearvafter.year to enforce by sword
and bayonet the despotic rule of one tenth over
all the rest, reducing them to the lowest condition
of serfs and vassals, stripped of all the rights of
self-government, and crushed to the earth. And
this, sir, is the President's idea of " the home of
freedom disenthralled, regenerated, enlarged, and
perpetuated." But, sir,it is my idea of an odious
abolition oligarchy of the most cruel and savage
character. And can it be " perpetuated?" Yes,
when the spirit of liberty is gone, when, by long
years of oppression and cruelty, these people have
lost all tradition of their descent from revolution-
ary sires, then it may be perpetuated. Sir, the
very idea that a single man in this country should
attempt this monstrous scheme of despotism is
enough to fire with indignation the breast of every
man in whose veins there is one drop of revolu-
tionary blood.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me none but the
willfully blind can fail to see that this scheme, in
all its features, is in direct opposition to the Con-
stitution. Even the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Stevens,] not long since, in a spccch
in this House, declared that the President's plan
of reconstruction " was wholly outside of ami un-
known to the Constitution." That is true, and
he might have added with equal truth thatitisan
open and flagrant violation of the Constitution.
Indeed that necessarily follows from what he did
say; for it is clear that the President has no power
outside of and unknown to the Constitution, but
derives all his power from it, and the exercise of
power not granted by the Constitution is forbid-
den and prohibited by it. But yet the President
says in his message, "On examination of this >
proclamation it will appear, as is believed, that |
nothing is attempted beyond what is amplyjusti-
fied by the Constitution." And how does heat-
tempt to sustain thatbold assumption? By telling
us the Constitution authorizes him "to grant
pardon at his own absolute discretion, and this !
includes the power to grant on terms." Yes, un- :
less the terms violate the Constitution, as they
plainly do in this case. For what power has the
President to confer upon a pardoned rebel the
important right of voting? Can he make laws to
control the lights of suffrage? It is n uo the Pres-
ident ahd the rebel may enter into a contract, pro-
vided it does not infringe the rights of others.
But what is the contract in this case? Plainly
this: the rebel, on his part, agrees to swear alle-
giance to the President, support all hisproclama-
tions, and stand l&y him in all tHe elections. In
consideration of which, the President, on his part,
agrees to pardon the rebel and clothe him with
the power of ten men at the polls and in the rule
and government of the country, for lie gives the
rebel a voice at the polls and disfranchises and
silences the voices of nine other men. And the
President has the best of the bargain. He will
get one vote from the rebel certain, and close the
mouths of nine other men who would be just as
certain to vote against him. He will therefore
lose nothing in the coming election. Sir, it is
strange the President should make even the re-
motest allusion to the Constitution in connection
with this monstrous scheme of despotism.
Mr. Chairman, it is clear that the device re-
sorted to heretofore to conceal from the public
mind the enormity ofotherusurpations, and called
" the President's war power," can give no sup-
port to this scheme. For, sir, the very moment
the rebellion in any one of these States is put down
and ended, that moment the President's war power,
whatever it may be, is also at an end. The war
must cease with the rebellion, its cause and only
justification. And if the President, for abolition
purposes, protracts the war after the rebellion
ceases, he then wars on a people yielding obedi-
ence to the Constitution, changes places with the
rebels, and becomes a revolutionist and rebel him-
self.
Mr. Chairman, the emancipation proclamation
of Januaiy 1, 1863, was professedly issued by
Mr. Lincoln on his supposed war power alone,
and,as Commander-in-Chief, "upon military ne-
cessity." But when the war is over, what then'1
If Mr. Lincoln as Commander-in-Chief could,
with the sword, strike down State governments
and destroy the Union, under what power can
Mr. Lincoln as President set up new State gov-
ernments and build up a new Union? The war
"power was a discovery. It had never been sup-
posed the President as Commander-in-Chief had
any greater power than any other commander-in-
chief would have. But the argument was that
the powerofMr. Lincoln as Commander-in-Chief
was greatly enlarged by virtue of his union with
Mr. Lincoln as President, so that he could over-
throw State institutions and governments, and do
many acts which no mere commander-in-chief
could do. But to serve the present purpose the
argumentmustbe extended. It mustnow be urged
that the civil power of Mr. Lincoln as President
has been greatly enlarged by virtue of his union
with Mr. Lincoln as Commander-in-Chief, so that
he can now build up new State governments and
anew Union on the ruins of the old one, and do
many acts which no mere President could other-
wise do; and the last argument would bo just as
sound as the first; it does no violence to the gen-
eral principle, but only extends it. True, there
would seem to be danger that by this mutuahm-
partation of powers, first, by the President, to the
Commander-m-Chief to destroy, and then by the
Commander-in-Chief to the President to 6«iW up>
the two officials in the one, Mr. Lincoln might
swallow up all power, executive, legislative, and
judicial, and so put an end to the Government of
our fathers. Yes, sir, and that is really what is
being rapidly consummated by the Jacobins in
the North, under subterfuges, like these, of the
most disgraceful and shameful character.
Sir, if these States are still in the Union, the
power claimed by the President over them is so
monstious and gross a violation of the plain pro-
visions of the Constitution that leading abolition-
ists in this House and in the Senate are becom-
ing ashamed to say a word in its defense. And
to avoid the difficulty, and give some show of plaus-
ibility to their support of the President's scheme
the key-note has been sounded in both Houses
of Congress that the Union is dissolved; and the
abolition cohorts are rapidly advancing to and
all of them may be expected soon to occupy that
ground.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout-
well] in a spccch not long since took the ground
that all the seceded States had ceased to exist as
; St.Ues of the Union. What road they traveled,
I or how they got out of the Union, he did not seem
t to know, or at leastdid not explain; but that they
t were out he seemed to have no doubt. And on
that subject he advanced as*good secessiotf doc-
trine as any man in South Carolina could desir^,
Thegentleman fromPennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
has more than once declared in his'place in this
House that the seceded States are out of t&e
Union, and constitute a foreign country ^that tjie
Constitution and laws anil all compacts betweep
the North and the South have been abrogated and
set aside. We are thus toM, after nearly, three
years of terrible war to save the Union, that we
have no Union; it has been destroyed and Has
passed away. Nor have we a Constitution, for it,
too, h^s been abrogated. Sir, if that be true, then
that old flag is no longer a truthful symbol. No,
let it*be rent and torn, eleven of those stars blot-
ted out, and the rest separated and left wander-
ing and alone under clouds and darkness, and let
that other symbol over your head be broken and
draped in mourning.
Mr. Chairman, possibly it may serve to quiet
the scruples of conscientious men, who cannot
feel quite prepared to sustain these measures in
violation of the Constitution they have sworn to
support, to tell them the Constitution has been ab-
rogated, and that we have none: But how can
these gentlemen forget that they themselves have
no power, except that delegated by the Constitu-
tion ; and that by it all powers not delegated to the
United States "are reserved to the Slates or to the
people;" and that the usurpation by Congress
or any other department of the Federal Govern-
ment of any of these powers, not delegated but
reserved to the States, is a direct and plain viola-
tion of the oath taken to support the Constitution ?
And who can fail to sec that when thegentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] bases his sup-
port of the President's scheme on the ground that
" it is wholly outside of and unknown to the Con-
stitution," he places it on the ground of usurped
power, forbidden by the Constitution—on ground
where no man can touch it or lend it the least
support but by a plain violation of his oath to
support the Constitution ?
And what, sir, does this doctrine of State sui-
cide, of the abrogation of all compacts between
the North and the South, mean ? Sir, it means that
secession has accomplished all its guilty authors
ever claimed for it; that by secession the Union
has been dissolved; that the great experiment of
man's capacity for self-government is a failure;
that the Government purchased with the blood of
our fathers, with all its hallowed memories and
bright hopes, has passed away and gone forever.
Sir, it means that not a rebel m the South can
ever be convicted of treason; nay, that there arc
no rebels there; they arc all citizens of an inde-
pendent foreign country and owe no allegiance to
the Government of the United States; that, re-
ceiving protection under that government, they
owe allegiance to it, and to yield to the claims of
the United States would be an act of treason on
their part; and that to resist the authority of the
United States is one of the highest acts of duty
and patriotism on their part, for in that way only
can they escape the guilt of treason, and prove
tiieir loyalty to their own independent govern-
ment.
And, sir, if this doctrine be true, then what
soit of a war is this on our part? A warm which
multiplied thousands of precious lives have been
sacrificed; a war that has literally drenched the
land in kindred blood, and filled the whole coun-
try with weeping widows and stricken orphans;
a war that has swept over this country like a
wild tornado, carrying waste, desolation, and
wide-spread ruin in its path; a war that has ac-
cumulated a crushing public debt, under which
! the nation at this moment reels and staggers like
! a drunken man. And all for what > To break up
! and utteily destroy a foreign country, to rob and
1 plundei a whole community of people; confiscate
I all their property and effects, seize and take pos-
session of their lands, strip them of everything,
I leaving them neither clothes to wear, bread to eat,
nor a roof to shelter them; and to arm and give
! temporary freedom to their slaves to aid you in
exterminating or di iving from home and country
| a whole race of kindred people. This done, and
I then the rich cotton lands are to be parceled out
among northern adventurers, the negroes under the
i name of hirelings reenslaved and transferred to
Yankee taskmasters whose avarice,as insatiable
as death itself, is to be the measure of the black-
man 's slavery and suffering. AH this, sir, is but
