•854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
too fully and plainly indicated by the proclama-
tion and the various kindred measures now ma-
turing in this House.
And upon the grounds assumed by abolition
disunionists there is notin all history a more cruel
and bloody page than yourpresentwar programme
with its kindred measurespresents. It is utterly
unjustifiable, savage, and barbarous, a burning
shame and disgrace, to any Christian or civilized
nation. Sir, notwithstanding all the earnest ef-
forts, entreaties, and warnings of patriots and
conservative men, the party in power, moved by
avarice and the fell spirit of fanaticism and sec-
tional hate, has plunged this nation headlong into
all these fearful and bloody horrors. And it is all
the joint work of abolitionists and secessionists,
those twin monsters in guilt and crime. Sir,
amid all this wide-spread ruin, desolation, and sor-
row and suffering and death; nota single pang of
body or mind has been felt, not a tear has fallen,
nor drop of blood been shed, nor grave made,
but by the joint work of abolitionists and seces-
sionists. They have crucified and murdered (he
peace and happiness and constitutional liberty of
a great nation. Ocean's waters can never cleanse
their blood-stained hands. Their crime has no
parallel; it rises up mountain-high, covered all
over and smoking with human blood.
STATE RENOVATION.
Mr. DEMING. Mr. Chairman, I was induced
to seek the floor when the House was last in com-
mittee upon the present subject, because the two
speeches to which I had listened upon the Presi-
dent's message paid but a passing glance to what
is to me Us most important and most memorable
feature: I mean its plan of State renovation. As it
is the first distinct intimation from an authoritative
source that the war is not to be everlasting, and
that. Suites may yet be restored, and that the re-
building of our dilapidated temple may yet be
commenced, it deseives to be received with fuller
crrrmoniesand with ampler honors. It is at least
lelYeyhing to those who have feared that between
State secession on the one hand and State anni-
hilation on tiie other, the Federal system would
he ground to atoms, u-nd not even territorial unity
saved from the general wreck.
In suiveying the insurgent States we see at a
glance that the elements which may create and
inspire a new national life, and those which may
coriupt and destioy it, are now both floundeiing
together in the great vortex of civil war, and that,
unless this " tumult and confusion all embroiled"
is to last forever, these elements must be sum-
moned to separate and recombine according to
their respective natures, and assert their appro-
priate functions, and workout energetically their
inhering affinities of life unto life and death unto
d< ath. It tin; neutralizi ng of the elements of or-
der waw the only evil of this unnatural combina-
tion," it would most pathetically appeal to all that
can be done by executive interposition for its
correction. Out when we consider that by astern
implication of law, according to its authoritative
expoundcis, ail distinction between guilt and in-
nocence in the msurgentStates isalso confounded,
and that the loyal within the limits of this civil
war are subjected to the same pains, penalties,
and forfeituies with the disloyal, a case so pitia-
ble is stated that it should appeal to heaven and
earth for relief.
It is to this precise anomaly that the President's
plan addresses itself. It seeks to liberate order
from this inert and paralyzing combination, to
exempt innocence from being confounded with
guilt, to separate loyalty fiom thatunwholesome
contact which attaches to it the contagion, and
subjects it, in the eye of the law, to the punish-
ments of cumc.
The task essayed is one of infinite difficulties
and embarrassments, and no plan of reetoiation
devised by finite wisdom could approximate to-
wai d completeness at the outset, because the facts
upon which it should be based are to a great ex-
tent prospective, and because it must constantly
modify and change itself according to new devel-
opmentsas^itadvances into the future. The Presi-
dent, therefore, has wisely abstained from pro-
posing anything but a transitional plan, adapted
to the exigencies of the hour, and merely bridging
the chasm between State anarchy and State res-
toration. It professes on its face to be temporary
only, arid not final or unchangeable; contenting
itself with commencing the greatdeliverance,and
by the necessities of the c.ase restricting itself to
such initiatory modesandsuch tentative processes
for renovating the insurgent States as our present
imperfect knowledge o£ their condition and limited
control over them permits him to employ.
In attempting to solve this most perplexing of
political problems at the present stage of its evo-
lution, no statesman who relies upon merely hu-
man observation and forethought could have
adopted any different method. If you demand
just now and here a thorough and perfect code
and science of reconstruction, you must go to
those who enjoy special revelations and inspired
prevision of the fQture. Mere men must grope
their way when dealing with what is beyond the
limits of their knowledge, and it is by experi-
mental processes alone that the race has succeeded
in reaching the certainties of science and in tri-
umphing over the obstacles and mysteries which
have beset it from infancy.
While, therefore, in my judgment, the Presi-
dent's plan is not beyond cavil, it is as complete
and comprehensive as the intricacies of the sub-
ject and its present development will permit, and
it possesses also the rare merit of being just to
the Government, just to the insurgent States, and
just to the slave; and it is to these three charac-
teristics that I propose to restrict my remarks at
present.
1. It is just to the Government.
It surrenders no power or jurisdiction which
the Government has ever claimed; it maintains
every law which Congress has passed during the
civil war; it abandons no executive measure
which the exigencies of that war has evoked; it
yields to armed enemies none of their insolentde-
mands, and to cold friends none of their tempo-
rizing expedients. If the insurgent States return
upon this plan, they will return acknowledging all
the claims of the Government which they made the
pretext of revolt, and abjuring the claims which
they propounded as their ultimatum of peace.
They will return not only repudiating the glosses
which, for more than thirty years, they have at-
tempted to foist upon the Constitution, but also
their darling policy of extending and propagating
slavery, to which, for a longer peiiod, they have
attempted to make it subservient. They will re-
turn sweating allegiance to an organic law which
has clarified itself by blood of all taint and stench
of secession, and which has demonstrated its self-
existence by nearly devouring one half of its as-
sumed creatois. They will find that the fire which
has swept over this District has not only burnt off
slavery, but exterminated the root and seed of it
in the soil itself, and that since their hegira fiom
this Hail, the question upon which their Pryors,
their Keitts, their Cobbs and Barksdales have so
often convulsed it has been definitely settled, and
that freedom is now securely seated upon our im-
measurable Territories for the illimitable futme,
and that the influence of despised New England
has planted the seed of free republics as near the
setting sun as she is herself to his rising beams,
so that when her choral hymn of Rejoicing liberty
sweeps over the Father of Waters, it can be
caught up by younger voices and pealed in one
continuous and unbroken strain until it is lost in
the deep-toned anthem of the vast, peaceful sea.
They will find that their old feudal Bastilc, strong
and impregnable though it once seemed, has been
undermined by our armies, and blown up and
scattered into fragments by those of their own
kin who preferred the destruction of slavery to
the death of the nation. They will find thatmili-
tary necessities, which they themselves created,
have placed Springfield rifles into the hands of
slaves, from which the same necessities had pre-
viously sti uck off the fetters, and that a hundred
thousand of these once groveling bondsmen, mar-
shaled into the armies of the Union and trained
m military skill and discipline, now defiantly hold
the acres over which they were once tracked by
blood-hounds, and domineer the plantations where
they once toiled under the lash of the overseer.
They will return finally with wonderfully in-
creased respect for Uncle Sam, bowing obsequi-
ously to him, as a respectable living thing, self-
sustained, and not sustained by their sufferance,
with a power and will of his own, and breath iniiis
nostrils not breathed into it by them, with a right
hand strong enough to bruise and break, and with a
face that will hereafter be a terror to all his enemies.
2. The President's plan is just to the insurgent
States.
And first: are those excluded from amnesty and
pardon justly and rightfully exclude^ ? Thisques-
tion deserves no nicety of discussion, for upon it
there can be but little honest difference of opin-
ion. The main conditions which the President
imposes upon those he restores to pardon are con-
tained in an oath, and the virtue of an oath lies in /
its obligatory and binding force upon the con-
science. He therefore justly excludes from par-
don all who have demonstrated by manifest per-
jury their contempt of its obligations. The for-
sworn judges who have surrendered honor on our
decorous bench for infamy on a judgment seat
reared by civil war, the forsworn officers, militaiy
and naval, who have prostituted to the rebellion
the skill in arms which they acquired as wards
and beneficiaries of the Government, are justly
and righteously debarred from amnesty because
they have not conscience or honor enough left to
be grappled by an oath.
Crimes differ in degree, and the experience of
mankind establishes that while some can be safely
pardoned without detriment to the common weal,
there aie others which cannot go unpunished
without its constant peril or its certain destruction.
The high civil and diplomatic magnates of this
most unprovoked rebellion, the military Molochs
whose rank entitles them td guilty preeminence,
are left to lie unshrived, unaneled, in the pit they
have digged for themselves, because among the
crimes pronounced inexpiable by the consenting
voice of ail the ages, is that of those arch-rebels
and arch-traitors who instigate and lead a civil
war—the sum and expressed essence of every
crime. The society which tolerates such parri-
cides cannot exist a moment in safety. Rome
could enjoy no repose while Catiline lived.
France was drenched in blood until Robespierre
was guillotined. Davis will convulse secessiaas
soon as he is not allowed to reign, and if its bonds
had been worth stealing, Floyd would have robbed
it before he did.
The miscreants who havejviolated the laws of
war, and ostracized themselves from human sym-
pathy by murdering and torturing disarmed and
helpless prisoners of war are justly left to work
out their own damnation; and why ? Because to
forgive a thug who maims and murders in the
name of chivalry would bean outrage upon civil-
ization.
Secondly. Are the terms imposed upon those
included in the amnesty just and right?
What are these terms? There are five of them:
1. An oath to sustain the Constitution. 2. An
oath to sustain the anti-slavery legislation. 3.
An oath to sustain the Piesident's proclamation.
4. Slave property is withheld in general restitution.
5. Property, where the rights of third parties
have intervened, is also withheld.
The committee will observe that the first three
of these conditions are in the form of an oath.
Now, I agree mainly with my friend from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Yeaman,] who has spoken upon this
question, when he says that great quarrels are
settled by the fortunes of war and by the dom-
ination of great ideas and principles, lather than
by the formality of taking oaths and recording
them; and that restoration is attained when the
ideas and the forces of the nation have prevailed
over the ideas and the forces of secession and
national disintegration, ltappearsto me,however,
that this is an explanation of the method by which
social laws and influences rather than political
agencies may reunite a divided society. The
ideas and forces of which he speaks are embodied
in human beings who at the present stage of our
advance must continue to be go veined and directed
by political administration and its appropriate
machinery, Sociology must wait for many de-
cades before its sublime speculations can be ap-
plied to practical affairs. In political parlance,
the elements which he represents as struggling
for preponderance are loyalty and disloyalty.
An oath of allegiance may not be an infallible
mode of discriminating between those who will
faithfully and sincerely support a Government and
those who will desert and betray it; but who can
at present propound a better test? I can conceive
of a stage in our future culmination when all the
masked disguises and hypocrisies of mankind
will be stripped off, and their most interior mo-
i tions and impulses stand revealed. I can im-
