1900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
on the dividends of the banks, but the taxes are
laid upon the people who own the property in the
bank as their personal property, which they pay
where they live; because by law, personal prop-
erty belongs to and has locality with its owner;
it follows the person. Therefore, its profits
should be there. These shares of banks are per-
sonal property everywhere in every country, and
have locality with the person to who#i they be-
long. There is the proper place of taxation, and
there is the only proper place. If a corporation
owned a banking-house in any locality as part
of the realty, it should be subject to taxation
where it is, that is the property of the corporation;
but the truth is the snares in that stock are per-
sonal property and are always treated so, and all
attempts to put them in any other shape are eva-
sions of clear justice, equity, and right.
" Mr. SUMiNER. The Senator from Vermont
objects to the parallel which has been run between
the proposed sequestration of this bank property
fVom State taxation and that other greater seques-
tration which is made for military and naval pur-
poses. We know that it is a familiar saying1
that no two things run precisely "on all fours"
together; they are not precisely alike; and these
two things may not be precisely alike; but they
are precisely alike in the single essential point,
that in each case the property is sequestered from
State taxation. That is the single, decisive, un-
questionable point of resemblance between the
two eases. In that respect they arc completely
and absolutely parallel. Your navy-yards, your
shjps-of-war, all your vast military material are
sequestered from State taxation.
Mr. COLLAMER. And United States taxa-
tion too.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator adds," and from
United States taxation;" but 1 say now they are
sequestered from State taxation. 1 hat is the point
to which I am calling attention. It is proposed
to sequester also this national bank, which is
founded for a national puipose, foi the defense
of the Republic, precisely as much as your navy-
yards or your ships afloat or your Army in the
field—it is proposed to sequester that also from
Estate taxation. But that is not all,sir. In a fur-
ther purpose of patriotism it is proposed to dedi-
cate this national bank completely and in every
respect to the national service by empowering
the national Government to tax it, so that all who
embark in it, not only by then contubution, but
also by the taxation upon that contribution, may
help the national cause. "Thai, sir, is what is
proposed by the measure under consideration.
Mr. COLLAMER. I can merely say what
I have already said, that I presume the gentle-
man supposed the parallel was complete. He
lias only convinced me that he thinks so now.
That is all.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed until to-mor-
row. I desire to make a leportfrom acommittee
of conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have a vote
on the pending amendment this evening.
Mr. WILSON. There is not a quorum pres-
ent. I should like to make a report from acom-
mittee of conference and then have a brief exec-
utive session to-ni^ht if I can.
Mr. WILKINSON. I want to offer a resolu-
tion ofinquiry first. >
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No other
business is in order while the bill before the Sen-
ate remains undisposed of.
Mr. WILSON. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 suppose it can go over as
the unfinished business?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not if it is
postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr, SHERMAN. Does the bill come up to-
moiruw as the unfinished business? i undei-
stand from some Senators that it does not. There
is evidently a misunderstanding on the subject,
and I will move to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was postponed, with a view to make it
the special order for to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. Thne will be no objection
to taking it up to-morrow.
Mr. CONNESS. There is a special order for
to-morrow at one o'clock, the Pacific railroad
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Howard] desires to post-
pone that subject.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to hear from
the Senator himself on that point.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that the Sen-
ator desires a little further time on thatsubject.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not care about taking
it up to-morrow; but I give notice that I shall
move to call up the Pacific railroad bill at a very
early day. It was fixed for to-morrow at one
o'clock; but there are reasons why I shall not
call it up then.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now submit my motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bank bill was
postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that its further
consideration be postponed to and made the spe-
cial order for to-moirow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter fi om the Secretarj' of the Interior,
tiansmitting a communication from the acting
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in relation to a
treaty made with the Chippewas of the Missis-
sippi on the 11th of March, 1863, and the amend-
ments thereto as made by the Senate, with ad-
ditional estimates of the'sums required to be
appropriated to enable the Department to comply
with the stipulations of said ueaty; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs./'
CONDITION OF AFFAIRS IN NEVADA.
Mr. WILKINSON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Piesidcnt of the United States be re-
quested to commumcatc to the Senate any leccwt inform-
ation which may have been received in regard to the con-
dition of alfaiit- m the Teintojy of Nevada.
FRENCH OCCUP VTION OF MEXICO.
Mr. McDOEJGALL. I submit the following
resolution, which I have tried for several days to
introduce, and I ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, Thai the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to report to the Senate the joint le^ohition from
the IIoiho of Representatives lelating to the occupation of
Mexico by Fiance, heictciorc referred to said committee.
Mr. SUMNER. Let that lie over.
The PRESIDENT/)?-o fem/>ore. Objection being
made to its piesent consideration, tne resolution
lies over under the rules.
BUREAU OF MILITARY JUSTICE.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to make a report from
a committee of conference. I will not ask for
action on it to-night;
The committee of conteience appointed to take mto con-
sultation tiic di-ayieemg votes, of the two Houses* on tiie
bill {13. R. No. 30$) to establish a Buieau of Military Jus-
tice, having met, «i!tei lull and free conference have agreed,
and do iceommend to their te&peclive Houses to agree, as
follows:
That the Senate recede from their several amendments
to the bill ot the House ol Representatives, and agree to the
same without amendment.
HTTNfRY WILSON,
THUS. A. HENDRICKS,
J. M. HOWARD,
Managen on the part of the Senate.
J. F. FARXSWORTH,
J. A. GARFIELD,
GEO. 11. YEAMAN,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs to say that he
does not desire this report acted upon now.
Mr. WILSON. I said I would not press it
now if any one desired it to go over, i under-
stood the Senator wished to say something upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the fjenate is on the acceptance of the re-
port of the committee of conference.
Mi. GRIMES. I move that it be laid on the
table until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 432) for the relief of the citizens of
Denver, in the Territory of Colorado;
A bill (No. 381) to amend an act entitled " An
act making a grant of land to the State of Iowa,
in alternate sections, to aid in the construction of
certain railroads in said State," approved May
15,1856;and
A joint resolution (No. 68) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to release certain goods
from the payment of duties.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. HOWARD. I move now to take up the
Pacific railroad bill with a view to postpone its
consideration until Monday next at one o'clock.
The PRES! DENT pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that that bill is not before the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has been
assigned for to-morrow at one o'clock, and does
not come up until that time.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall take it up at
this moment for the purpose of postponement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It may be done
by unanimous consent. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I move its postpone-
ment until Monday next, and to make it the spe-
cial order for that dayat one o'clock. It is Sen-
ate bill No. 132.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Perhaps the
more parliamentary way would be to move a re-
consideration of the vote making ita special order,
and let it come up in that way.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will suggest to the Sena-
tor from Michigan that there will be no difficulty
to-morrow at one o'clock in moving to postpone it.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; let it stand as
it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is withdrawn.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution from the
House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
low:
A bill (No. 227) granting lands to the State of
Michigan for the construction of certain wagon
roads for military and postal purposes—to the
Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 431) for the relief of Solomon Wads-
worth—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 247) granting lands to the State of
Wisconsin to build a military road to Lake Su-
perior—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 159) for agrant of lands to the State
of Iowa, m alternate sections, to aid m the con-
struction of a railroad in said State—to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 432) for the relief of the citizens of
Denver, m theTei ritory ofCoIoiado—to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 381) to amend an act entitled "An
act making a grant of land to the State of Iowa,
in alternate sections, to aid m the construction of
certain railroads in said State," approved May
15, 1856—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A joint resolution (No. 68) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to release certain goods
from the payment of duties—to the Committee on
Finance.
LAND GRANT TO A MINNESOTA RAILROAD.
Mr, RAMSEY. There are two Senate bills
on the table that have been returned to us from
the House of Representatives with amendments,
which I hope will be acted upon now. 1 hope
the Senate will concur in those amendments.
They do not considerably alter the bills at all.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 31) making a grant
of lands to the Lake Superior and Mississippi
Railroad Company to aid in the construction of
the railroad of said company from St. Paul to
Lake Superior.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ments.
Air. HARLAN. I think the bill with the amend-
ments had better go to the Committee on Public
Lands to be examined very carefully, and if found
satisfactory, it can be reported back in a day or
two. Passing them in this way I think wili be
unsatisfactory. There are several amendments
to the bill. ^ I have npthadan opportunity to ex-
amine them', and I think no member of the Com-
