fHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
have built them in many cases nice brick houses,
'fb,ey abandon them aodrun off to follow thechase
or other native employments. They will not
work. Missionaries have failed to elevate them,
■in this regard, and the whole missionary enter-
prise among the Indians so,far a,s it is applied to
this country has been I may say almost an utter
and entire failure. This is the testimony of some
• of the most pious and devoted missionaries who
iave labored longest among the Indians on this
..continent, _ ' ,
I wanted to answer one or tw,Q other sugges-
tiops .that have been made in regard to the"tr«at-
ment by the Government of the Indian tribes. I
say it has been most liberal in its.treatment of
the Indians. The great wrong, if there is any
wrong in regard to it, is that we have paid them
too much money. In my judgment they never
eh uld have received a solitary dollar from the
Government. Whatever was paid them should
ba.ve b.6en distributed by the Government in the
exercise of its wise discretion and as a matter of
"humanity; and it should have been distributed to
them in such a manner as to prevent them from
indulging in their wicked and perverse propensi-
ties. The Government undertook to reform them,
to allot them land, and to make appropriations to
give them farms and .build them bouses, and to
give them cooking stoves in their houses, and
other things for the purposes of civilization, and
yet everybody knows that the attempt has bee'n
a failure. , Everybody who knows anything of
the Indian tribes and of Indian character knows
that it is an utter and entire failure.
, Mr. President, the Government is under no le-
gal obligation, as I said before, to pay the interest
on the bonds referred to in this section of the bill.
But, so far as the loyal Indians are concerned, I
am willing to_ appropriate what is necessary now
for their amelioration, and to give them some tem-
porary aid; but at the same time I want it to be
understood that these same Indians live upon as
rich soil as there is in the country, and if they
would labor they could have plenty of corn, of
pork, and everything else that is essential to their
comfort; but they will not work. There is no
reason why these confederate Indians in Kansas
should starve, any more than there is reason for
the other people of Kansas to starve. If they
would work as white men work, they would not
starve. The truth is, they will not work. As far
as the larger portion of this fund goes to Indians
that have been in rebellion against this Govern-
ment, I for one do not sec fit to vote to pay the
interest. 1 think the committee decided wisely
in regard to it, and I hope the Senate will do now
as it did two years ago, sustain this action of the
committee.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am surprised that
any man from the "West should be found advo-
cating, or even excusing, or attempting to excuse,
our Indian system. It seems to mo that a man
who has been hvingon the frontier, with common
sense and judgment, must have learned that our
Indian system is a failure, an utter failure.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to know
upon what remark of mine the Senator bases his
assumption now.
Mr. LANE, ofKansas. I understood the Sen-
ator generally as defending and apologizing for
the Indian agents and superintendents, and excus-
ing everybody else but the traders that surround-
ed the tribes. Sir, compare our system with the
English system. There is scarcely a county in
the United States from the Atlantic to the Pacific,
coast, where do not lie bleaching the bones of
white men slain by Indians in the different In-
dian wars. History proves that with anotherand
different system just across our border on the
north, there lias never been a single white man
slain 111 an Indian insuriection or war. The Eng-
lish system so far as bloodshed is concerned has
been the antipodes of ours. The one system
secured peace, the other provoked war. Take
the expenditure of money, and the English sys-
tem as compared with ours is a saving of one as
to a thousand.
Mr. WILKINSON. Will the Senator be so
kind as to tell us what the English system is?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 am not prepared
to go into the details, and I would not take the
time of the Senate now to do so if I was fully
acquainted with them. I have a general knowl-
edge of the system, and I know its results. It
would not take our Committee o,n Indian Affairs
a great while to learn the details of the Canadian
system; and I propose before the Senate adjourns
at this session to move that the Committee on
Indian Affairs have leave to sit during the vaca-
tion, that they may investigate the evils of our
system and the benefits of the English system,
so that at the next session of Congress we way
have before us both systems, the one in all its ter-
rific deformity, and the other in all its beautiful
proportions.
Mr. WILKINSON. If the Senator will per-
mit me, I will tell him what the English system
is. It is no system at all. They just organized
the Hudson's Bay Company, and gave to the
Hudson's Bay Company full power and control
over the Indians. Now, I ask the Senator if he
is prepared to organize a great monopoly in this
country, to giveacharter to a company, and give
them the political power to control everybody in
that country ?
Mr. POMEROY. Allow me to say that the
English system differs very much from ours.
With them every Indian is a British subject, and
every Indian agent is a judge appointed by the
queen. The differences arising in the tribe are
settled by this Indian agent, who is a judge. In
our system we do not allow the Indian agent to
settle any difficulties that may arise in the tribe.
If a murder is committed in a tribe, they go and
lay their complaint before the Indian agent, but
he is powerless; he can do nothing about it; and
then the Indian has to go_ and avenge his own
wrongs, and the near relative or friend has to
pursue the guilty man and kill him. That leads
to war. The English system is altogether differ-
ent. They allow no Indian to avenge his own
wrongs, but their difficulty is brought to the In-
dian agent, who is a judge appointed by the queen,
and he arbitrates the case and decides it.
Mr. NESM1TH. The Senator from Minne-
sota has defined the English system, and lias said
that it is entirely under the Hudson's Bay Com-
pany. The charter of that company expired in
1859, and the company has ceased to exist. I
should like him to inform the Senate who suc-
ceeded to them in the management oflndian affairs
in British Columbia and the other British prov-
inces.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I suppose, admitting
the Senator from Minnesota to be right, that the
Hudson's Bay Company had some system. I
was glad that the Sertator from Ohio had the
nerve to announce to the country that our Indian
system is rotten from its base. 1 agree with that
Senator that it is an absurdity to deal with the
Indian tribes as independent sovereignjiations.
It is not an absurdity that we should pass laws
recognizing the Indians as subjects for a time, and
then after reaching a certain point of civilization
and advancement to recognize them as citizens,
and permit them to take the oath of allegiance, if
you please, or oath of civilization and advance-
ment.
Now, Mr. President, having said thus much on
the question generally I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the subject immediately be-
fore it. I have proposed to amend the clause
which the committee move to strike out by,add-
ing to it:
But no part of said appropriation shall be paid to any In-
dian tribe who now are or have been in rebellion against
the United States.
The theory is that if we conclude to pay this
interest it shall be used by the Indian department
for the benefit of the loyal portion of the tribes
that have been in rebellion. I propose not to pay
a dollar of the interest to either of the tribes that
have been or are now in rebellion; and here I
desire to answer a suggestion of the Senator from
Missouri, who said thajtiwe should not be able to
ascertain wh?\t tribes have been in lebellion.
Why, sir, they are known just ns well as the
States that have been in rebellion are known.
They have not only been in rebellion against this
Government, but they have actually received
annuities from the so-called confederate govern-
ment.
Mr. BROWN. I call the attention of the Sen-
ator from Kansas to the fact that it has not been
three weeks since he himself was urging before
this body the restoration of the rights of individ-
uals among tribes of Indians who had been in
rebellion, restoring thorn to the right to their
annuities. Now, what is to.prevent the same
thing proceeding in this case?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 think the Senator
is mistaken. I certainly advocated no such thing
that I remember. On the contrary, a few days
ago 1 introduced a resolution asking the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs to inquire as to the propriety
of confiscating all lands claimed by disloyal In-
dians, their entire reservations, and to furnish
homes to such as had proved themselves to be
loyal.
The theory, as I said,'is to expend this money
for the benefit of the loyal portion of disloyal
tribes. If my amendment be adopted, the appro-
priation will be only $14,010 25 for interest on
$98,000 of bonds held by the Weasand Kaslsas-
kias of Kansas. It w'ill not make one dollar of
provision for interest on the bond3 held by the
disloyal Indians. The interest of the other loyal
tribes has already been provided for. I desire to
call the attention of the Senator from Minnesota
and the Senator from Iowa to the fact that Con-
gress has already provided since 1H61 for paying
the interest on the bonds held by all the other loyal
tribes, whose treaties were notas emphaticas the
treaty in this particular case.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the Senator is in error.
We have not appropriated a single dollar to pay
the interest on any of these bonds.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator is mis-
taken. Wo have provided for paying the interest
to the Ottowas and the Pottawatomies. There is
no other"tribe interested except the one that will
be reached if my amendment be adopted.
Mr. HARLAN. The committee did recom-
mend that the Government should assume to pay
the interest on bonds that were stolen. There
wore some bonds that were deposited with an
officer of the Government of the United States
who it is said stole the bonds; and the committee
did recommend that the interest on those bonds
should be paid, and the amount placed to the
credit of those tribes on the books of the Treas-
ury, and the interest paid to them from year to
year. That has been done,and it is provided for
in this bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In making your new
treaty with the Ottowas and Pottawatomies you
arranged for the payment of the interest on the
bunds situated as these are besides the stolen
bonds. But here is a case, I say to the Senator
from Iowa, that is covered by the vote paying
the interest on the bonds stolen, for these bonds
were stolen; I mean that after the traitors had de-
termined to make theassault on this Government
they changed the bonds of loyal States for the
bonds of disloyal States. Therefore it would be
covered by that principle. The provision as now
drawn, if my amendment beadopted, will include
only these particular bonds. I lnive the treaty
before me, and 1 ask Senators to read that piu-
vision of it.
Mr. WILKINSON. With the permission of
the Senator from Kansas, I will correct him in a
statement which he hasjust made. Those changes
were not made to any considerable extent after
this rebellion was determined upon. The trans-
actions took place some time ago, longerago than
December, 1860.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. My understanding
was that the changes were made just before the
rebellion.
Mr. POMEROY. The treaties with the Pot-
tawatomies and the Ottowas have been made since
I have been in the Senate, and I came here in
1861. I helped to ratify both those treaties.
Mr. LAIN E, of Kansas. The provision of the
treaty is:
"And as the amount of the annual receipts from the sales
of tlieii land cannot now be ascertained, it is agieed that
the President may from time to time and upon consultation
with said Indiansdetenmne how much of the net proceeds
of said sales shall be paid to them, and how much shall he
invested in sate and profitable stocks, the interest to be
annually paid to them, or expended for their benefit and
improvement."
I have said, and the Senators are aware, that
this money was invested originally without con-
sultation with these Indians, and that the change
which was made in the bonds was not known
until long after this rebellion was inaugurated.
Mr. GRIMES. I call the attention of the Sen-
ator from Kansas to the fact that this treaty does
not require that they should be consulted as to
what kind of stocks the money should be invested
