1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2Y3
Laws of the United States.
38th Cons.... 1st Sess.
No. 58.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of Mary
Kellogg.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the name of Spencer Kellogg be
entered upon the rolls of the Navy Department,
with the rank of fourth master, to date from the
first of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
and that Mary Kellogg, widow of Spencer Kel-
logg, deceased, be put upon the pension list, with
the pension incident to the rank of her husband.
And that the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized
and directed to settle and adjust the accounts of
said Spencer Kellogg, deceased, as a first lieu-
tenant of infantry, from the fourteenth day of
September, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, to
the twenty-eighth day of October, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one; and his accounts as fourth
master in the Navy, from the first day of August,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, up to the twenty-
fifth day of September, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, the date of the execution of said Kel-
logg at Richmond, Virginia, by the rebels; and
to pay any money due him to his widow, Mary
Kellogg, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Approved, June 30, 1864.
No. 64.—A Resolution providing for Adjustment
of the Accounts of Henry W. Diman.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the accounting officers of the
Treasury be, and they are hereby, directed to
adjust the accounts of Henry W. Diman, late
acting assistant paymaster in the Navy, (whose
books and papers were sunk and lostin the trans-
port steamer " Whitman" 111 July,anno Domini
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, in the Missis-
sippi river,) according to the principles of equity
and justice.
Approved, July 1, 1864.
No. 6j.—A Resolution for the Relief of Carlisle
Doble.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
he hereby is, authorized to examine and adjust
the claim of Carlisle Doble for carrying the mails
between Taylor's Falls, Minnesota, and Superior,
Wisconsin, from Apnl to November, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, and to pay to the said
Carlisle Doble such sum of money as shall be
found to be justly and equitably due to hira for
carrying the mails as aforesaid; and the sum thus
found due shall be paid out of any money in-ikn..
Treasury not otherwis^-^F™?1"™0®-
Approve* 1864.
No. 69.—Joint Resolution authorizing the settle-
ment of the Accounts of the late Captain Daniel
Hebard, of the United States Volunteers, and
of other Officers.
Resolved by the Senate and House vf Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That m the settiementof theaceounts
of the late Captain Daniel Hebard, of the United
States volunteers, an assistant adjutant general
. on the staff of General Gorman, the Secretary of
j War is hereby authorized and directed to allow
| and pay for the whole time said officer was actu-
I ally employed and on duty in the military service
| of the United States, whether before or after the
date of his commission. And that the like prin-
ciple of allowance and payment be observed in
the settlement of the accounts of Major William
M. Esteand Captain Maxwell V. Z. WoodhuSf,
aids-de-camp on the staff of Major General Rob-
ert C. Schenck, from the twenty-second day of
j December, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, when
] they entered upon their duties on the staff of the
; commanding general of the Middle department,
I and eighth Army corps, until the date when they
j respectively received and'accepted their commis-
! sions as aids-de-camp, deducting only from the
| pay and allowances of Major Este what he rc-
, ceived in any part of that time as a lieutenant
'of the twenty-sixth regiment of Ohio volunteer
infantry.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
No. 70.—Joint Resolution to settle and pay the
S Accounts of John S. Phelps, of Missouri, asa
j Member of the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
! Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
1 assembled, That the proper officers of the Treas-
j ury are hereby authorized and directed to settle
| and pay the balance due to John S. Phelps, of
; Missouri, as a member of the Thirty-Seventh
i Congress, for salary and mileage, deductingany
I amount which he may have received thereon, or
j which he may have received as military gov-
j ernor of Arkansas; and the sum sufficient to pay
the same be, and is hereby, appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
No. 71.—JomtResolution for the Relief of Thom-
as J. Galbraith.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Interior and Treasury Departments be, and
they arc hereby, authorized and directed to settle
and adjust the money and property accounts and
claims of Thomas J Galbraith, as agent of the
United States for theSiouxlndiansofMinnesota,
upon principles of equity and justice; and that
he be allowed, upon such settlement, credit for
all moneys and property actually expended by
him,in good faith, in and about the affairs of his
agency, and for the use of said Indians, upon his
affidavit or affidavits, duly sworn to, of such
expenditure; and that he be discharged from all
tnmrrrtyior," or on account of/rntrraTrxT-mrfe-.
erty, which, by his affidavit or affidavits as afore-
said, shall clearly appear to have been destroyed
or taken and carried away by hostile Indians, or
by the troops or citizens of tlie United States, or I
of the State of Minnesota, against his will and
without his fault or connivance: Provided, That,
m addition to the affidavits aforesaid, the said
officers may, in their discretion, require corrob-
orative, countervailing, or explanatory evidence
j of the matters and statements in said affidavits set
forth and sworn to.
Approved-, July 2, 1864.
No^72.—Joint Resolution to refer the Claim of
Naham Ward back to the Court of Claims.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Jtepre-
senlatwps nfike United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the claim of Naham Ward be,and
is hereby, referred back to the Court of Claims:
Provided, That said court shall allow no larger
; amount than the sum heretofore allowed by said '•
| court.
1 Approved, July 2, 3864.
j No. 73.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Sec-
| retary of the Navy to settle and pay the Claim
j of Anthony Swee-ting, late Pilot of the United
j States Steamer "Juniata."
! Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
; sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Navy be,
| and he is hereby, authorized to settle and pay
I the claim of Anthony Sweeting, late pilot of the
j United States steamer " Juniata," for josses or
fines sustained by him in consequence of his era-
i pioyment in the service of vessels of the United
j States: Provided, That the amount of said claim
i shall not exceed five hundred dollars,
j Approved, July 2, 1864.
No. 74.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of Alex-
ander Cross.
Whereas Alexander Cross heretofore filed his
petition in the Court of Claims of the United
States, praying relief on account of certain rents
alleged to be due from the United States to him
as assignee of one Daniel SnfFarans,by virtue of
certain alleged contract of lease between the said
Daniel SafFarans (who is now deceased) and the
United States; and whereas the said Court of
Claims, on the twenty-fourth of January, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-nine, rendered a decision
adverse to the prayer of said petition, on the sole
ground of an alleged technical defect in the as-
signment of said lease from the said Daniel Saf*
farans to the said petitioner: Now, therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the said cause be remanded to
said Court of Claims for a further hearing, upon
the testimony heretofore filed therein, and such
further testimony as either party may take and
file pursuant to the rules of said court; and if,
upon the further hearing of said cause, it shall
appear that the said petitioner is the equitable
owner of said lease, and injustice and equity en-
titled to the rents (if any) due thereon from the
United States, the said court shall be authorized
to render judgment therefor in his favor, not-
withstanding any technical defect in the assign-
ment of said lease: Provided, That no money
shall be paid out of the Treasury upon any judg-
ment which shall be rendered in favor of the pe-
titioner in said cause, until he shall have filed
with the Secretary of the Treasury a bond, with
ample security, in such sum as will fully indem-
nify the United States against any demand which
may be set up and established by, or on behalf
of, the heirs or representatives of the said Daniel
Saffarans, deceased, under, or by virtue of, said
contract or lease.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
The Congressional Globe and Appendix will be furnished subscribers at the next regular session, which will
be a short one. Terras will be made known by Prospectus.
Subscribers for this session who have not received, or who have lost, any numbers, either of The Congressional
Globe or The Appendix, can get them by inclosing to us five cents for each missing number.
New Sekiks—No. 18.
