1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1901
mittee'on Public Lands has had that opportunity.
I therefore move that the bill and amendments be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
LAND GRANT TO WISCONSIN RAILROADS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S.No. 160) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. HARLAN. I make the same motion in
regard to that bill.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after sometime spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 27, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CHIPPEWA TREATY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Interior, submitting
estimates of the amount required to carry out the
stipulations of the Chippewa treaty of March,
1863; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
CHARLES P. ANDERSON.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia, by unanimous
consent, moved that the House take from the
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 207, for the
relief of Charles P. Anderson, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIANA LAND GRANT.
Mi'. HOLMAN. I ask.to have entered a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the House
laid on the table House bill No. 285, to authorize
the State of Indiana to apply certain lands granted
by Congress to the education of orphan children
of soldiers who die during the present war.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered
upon the Journal.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
Mr. MORPtlLL. I move to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agieed to.
So the lules were .suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Washbukne, of
Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation ot the bill of the House (No. 405) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes.
Mr, MORRILL. I move to go back to the
provision m reference to commercial brokers.
The committee are satisfied a mistake was made
in inserting the words " shall not exceed ^25,000,"
and " if exceeding the sum of $25,000, one dollar
for each additional $1,000." I move to strike
these words out, so that the provision will read,
"commercial brokers shall pay twenty-five dol-
lars for each license." That will make the charge
twenty-five dollars in all cases.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I propose that the commit-
tee shall go back to the paragraphs in reference
to sugar and molasses, which were passed over.
On page 118, line ninety-four, I move to strike
out" fifteen "and ill lieu thereof insert" twelve;"
so that it will read:
On blown ot Muscovado stigai, not above No. 12, Dutch
standard in color, pioduced duectiy fiom the t-ugar cane,
and not lrom sorglmin or impliee, othei than those pro-
duced by the refiner, a duty of one cent per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move to strike out " one
cent" m the same paragraph and insert " two
cents."
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I want the
committee to understand the amendment. The
tax of one cent a pound is high enough, and the
gentleman now proposes to increase it to two cents
per pound.
• Mr. MORRILL. The amendment will make
the tax the same as under the. existing law.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
fifty, noes not counted.
Mr. MORRILL.. I .demand tellers; and I de-
sire to say a word. This relates to sugar man-
ufactured from the cane in Louisiana and other
southern States. The law now upon the statute-
book imposes a tax of two cents a pound. The
bill as reported reduced that to one cent per
pound; but the Committee of Ways and Means
on reconsideration have concluded to reinstate
the duty to precisely what it now is by law.
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. Mr. Chair-
man, I do not know what inducement was held
out to the committee to change their original in-
tention and increase this tax; but I oppose this
from the general indisposition on the part of my-
self and those who act with me to increase the
tax on sugar. If there be any change we think
that the tax should be decreased rather than in-
creased.
Mr. MORRILL. This does not increase it
from the present rate. .
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. I under-
stand that. Sugar isanecessary of life,and one
cent per pound is a tax high ehough. I therefore
think, especially when I reflect that the House
has greatly increased the taxes upon almost every
other article, that the tax on this article of sugar
should not be increased, as it is an article of gen-
eral and universal consumption.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Randall, of
Pennsylvania, and Mr. Morrill, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 59, noes 47.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In order to perfect this sec-
tion I move to amend, in line ninety-eight, page
iis^ 
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
It is that the sections which were reserved should
be reported m the order in which they were re-
served. If that course is notfollowed great con-
fusion will occur. The committee is thin now,
and they were not aware that the Committee of
Ways and Means proposed to consider those sec-
tions at this time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was disposed
to allow the gentleman who had charge of this
bill to pursue whatever course he preferred in ref-
erence to these reserved sections; but if the point
is raised, the Choir thinks they should be taken
up in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to the
consideration of them, but I want them consid-
ered in the order in which they were reserved. 1
suggest, however, to the gentleman from Ver-
mont that he first go through the bill before he
returns to these reserved sections.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman will allow
me to go through with this subjcct I will reserve
theother sectionsuntil theeommittee is more full.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to the
gentleman from Vermont now offering his amend-
ments to the reserved sections, with the under-
standing that they shall be before the commit-
tee for consideration in their regular order.
Mr. MORRILL. I will not bring up any sec-
tion to which the gentleman objects. I think it
will be more satisfactory to the committee to wait
until a little later in the day before we proceed to
consider disputed points upon which they feel
more interest than they do upon these minor
points.
Mr. HOLMAN. After considering this sec-
tion I think it will be better to go through the
bill, and then return to the reserved sections.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 will dispose of this sec-
tion, and then proceed in regular order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that if
the committee go back now they should proceed
with the reserved sections m their regular order;
and the gentleman from Vermont will proceed
with this section with the understanding that
when he goes back again it shall be in the reg-
ular order m which the sections were reserved.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend in line
ninety-eight by striking out "fifteen" and in-
serting in lieu thereof the words" twelveand not
above No. 18;"also inline one hundred by strik-
ing out "two" and inserting" three," so that the
cl ause shall read," on all clarified or refined sugars
above. No.-12 and not above No. 18, Dutch stand-
ard in color,-produced directly from the.sugar?
cane anef hot from sorghum or imphee, a duty of
three cents perpound." I will state to the House
that this graduates the duty according to quality.
"Where sugar is partially refined, above twelve
and not above eighteen Dutch standard, its value
is increased in proportion to the tax herein pro-
posed, three cents. All above that we count, so
far as thiS bill is concerned, as loafsugar, or fully
clarified and refined sugarJ^nd upon it we pro-
pose to levy a tax of four cents a pound.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Before a vote is' taken
I wish to make an inquiry of the gentleman from
Vermont. It will"be seen by reference tp t)ie
paragraph commencing on line one hundred aiid
two, that sugar refiners are to pay a duty of one
and a half per cent, on the products of their re-
fineries. It is understood, I suppose, that they
will generally use sugars which are taxed two
cents a pound under the first paragraph relating
to sugars. Now the question 1 wish to present to
the committee is whether they have fully informed
themselves as to the relative duties which will b'e
sustained by those sugar.refiners who manufac-
ture sugar upon which a duty of two cents has
been paid, and those sugar refiners who manufac-
ture refined sugars directly from the sugar-cane?
Mr. MORRILL. I will say to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that the first provision here
is intended to reach producer's and refiners of su-
gar who manufacture or refine directly from the
sugar-cane. The provisions which follow are
intended to reach the class who buy this sugar
and refine it a second time. I do not know as to
the amount of their profits, and I am not quite
sure that the tax is enough. My colleague upon
the committee, who knows jnore about this mat-
ter than I do, says it is sufficient.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after line
one hundred and one the following:
On all clarified or refined sugars above TCo. 18, Dutch
standard in color, produced directly from >ugar-cane, ami not
ftom sorghum or impliee, a duty ot four cents per pound.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I desire the attention of
my colleague from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
to this point. By the first paragraph relating to
sugar, on page 118, the duty is fixed at two.cents
per pound on those sugars which 1 understand afe
the basis of the refined sugars produced by that
class of manufacturers termed "sugar refiners."
In the third paragraph, commencing on line one
hundred and two.it is provided that sugar refin-
ers shall pay one and a half of one per cent, on
the products of their refineries. Thus it will hap-
pen that the sugar refiner using Muscovado sugar,
on which two cents has been paid, will, when he
produces from it refined sugar-, pay one and a half
per cent, additional, which will make his total
duty about two and a third or two and a half Cents
per pound. Now, I ask how those sugar refiners
in Louisiana, who manufacture refined sugar di-
rectly from the sugar-cane, are to pay three and
four cents perpound and sustain themselves when
those who use the low-priced sugar pay only one
and a half per cent.
Mr. HOOPER. I think my colleague misun-
derstands the matter. There is no connection
between the two. Thefirst provision on page 118
refers to sugars of domestic production entirely.
Imported sugars pay a duty of two and a half"
cents per pound. The object of this provision
was to put a tax of two cents upon sugar manufac-
tured in New Orleans. Itis confined to sugar man-
ufactured and produced directly from the sugar-
cane, and it is to compensate for the duty imposed
on imported sugar. Either imported sugar or this
sugar may be bought by the refiner and refined,
upon which he pays one and a half per cent. I
think that upon examination my colleague will
find that that is right.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If I understand the exr
planation of my colleague, it presents the same
difficulty". Foreign sugar is taxed twoand a half
cents per pound, and one and a half percent, added
to that would make the duty about two and a
half cents per pound on refined sugar made from
foreign sugar, whereas it is proposed to putaduty*
of four cents per'pound on refined sugar made di-
rectly from the cane; that, at any rate, will be the
practical effect.
Mr. Morrill's amendment was agreed to.
