1902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
Mr. REAM AN. I move to amend section one
hundred and sixty-thrc(, which is yet undisposed
of, by inserting after the word "issued," on line
twenty-one of page 198s 'he words " prior or sub-
sequent to the passage of this act, so that the
proviso will read:
i*royiierf.That.ru) instrument, documentor paper made,
signed, or issued prior or subsequent to the passage of this
act without being duly stamped, or having thereon an ad-
hesive stamp to denote the duty imposed theieon, shall, for
that eauso. if the stamp or stamps required shall be subse-
quently affixed, be deemed invalid and of no effect.
This amendment is composed in part of words
stricken out on motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr, Pendleton.] 1 apprehend,however,
that his amendment did not accomplish the object
he had in view. As the proviso now stands the
effect of it will not be to operate upon acts that
shall transpire after the passage of this bill. The
object of the gentleman was to have it apply to
acts transpiring before and after the passage of
this bill. It is important that such should be the
law, because, in consequence ofunfamilianty with
the operation of the tax law and through the igno-
rance of parties, there have been many instances
in which deeds have been executed without stamps,
and in some cases, where stamps have been placed
upon instruments, there have not been stamps
placed thereon to a sufficient amount. I know
myself of instances where parties have executed
deeds and have stamped them, and nevertheless
have not put on a sufficient amount of stamps to
comply with the law, and it seems to me to be
manifest injustice to make provision for transac-
tions hereafter without providing a remedy for
cases which have already occurred. The inser-
tion of the words " piiur or subsequent to'* will
accomplish all that was asked for by the gentle-
man from Ohio, and will also make provision for
previous transactions.
I do not sec the f^cnfleman from Ohio in his
seat, but I may say that he approves of this
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend the one
hundred and sixty-third section by inserting after
the word "bo, in line four of page 1G7, the
wards " recorded or;" so that it will read:
Sec. 103. Jlnd be it jurthcr enacted, That no deed, in-
strument, document, writing, or paper, required by Jaw to
bp stamped, signed, or issued without being duly stamped,
or with a deficient stamp, nor any copy thereof, shall he
recorded or admitted or u^ed as evidence in any court until
a legal stamp or stamps, denoting the amount ot duty or de-
ficiency charged thereon, shall have been affixed thereto or
used thereon, &c.
The object of the amendment is to prevent in-
struments from being recorded until they have
been stamped. This amendment is necessary in
order to make the rest of the section at all efficient.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. UFSON. I move to amend the same sec-
tion by striking out the word " such," in line ten,
and inserting " the;" and by adding after the word
"person" the words "using or affixing the
same;" so that it will read:
And the initials of the pei«on using or affixing the same,
together wilh the date when the same isso u^edot affixed,
shall have been placed thereon by the person using or af-
fixing the same, and the pei-on dcsinng to use any s-uoh
deed, instrument, document, writing, or paper as evidence,
his agent or attorney is authorized in the presence of the
court to affix tire stamp or stamps thereon required, and in
addition thereto, &.c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ODELL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the committee to go back to section ninety-
seven to offer an amendment.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
The one hundred and sixty-fifth section was
read, as follows:
Sec. 165. Jlrnlhr it further ciacted) Thatno person, firm,
company, or cm potation shall make, prepare, and sell, or
remove for consumption or sale, drugs, medicines, prepa-
rations, compositions, articles, oi things, including per-
fumery, cosmetics, luction matches, photographs?, a'mbro-
types, dngwrreotj pes orothei sun pictures of any descrip-
tion, and playing eatds, upon which a duty is imposed bv
law, as enumerated and mor-'ioned in schedule U, without
affixing thereto an adhesive -ramp or label denoting the duty
before mentioned, and m d-.iatiir thereof shall incur a pen-
alty of umi dollars-: Provide/, That nothing in thisactcon-
tained shall applj to any uncomponnded medicinal drug or
chemical, nor to jny medi'-'i"' compounded according to
the United States oi other r nional phainiacopreta. nor of
winch the lull and pioper lo-muja i? published in either of
the dispensatories, loimuhutes, or text-books in common
ttse among physicians and apothecaues, including homoeo-
pathic and eclectic, or in any pharmaceutical journal now
used by any incorporated college of pharmacy-and not sold
or offered for sale, or advertised under any other name,
foim, oi guise than that under which they may he severally
denominated and laid down in said pharmacopoeias, dis-
pensatories, text-books, or journal-;, as aforesaid, nor to
medicines sold to or for the use of any person, which may
be mixed and compounded specially for said persons, ac-
cording to the written recipe or prescription of any physi-
cian or surgeon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by in-
serting after the word "cosmetics" the words
" lucifer or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word " matches" the words " cigar
lights or wax tapers."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the one
hundred and sixty-eighth section by inserting
after the word " cosmetics " the words " lucifer
or friction matches, or cigar lights and wax ta-
pers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to read schedule B, stamp
duties.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend, under the
heading of" bill of sale," by striking out "twenty-
five cents" and inserting il fifty cents;" so that it
will read:
Dill of sale by which any ship or vessel, or any part
thereof, shall be conveyed to or vested in any other person
or persons, when the consideration shall not exceed $500,
fifty cents.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend in the next
line by striking out "fifty cents" and inserting
"one dollar," so that it will read, "exceeding
$500 and not exceeding $1,000, one dollar."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing outin the nextclause, where it occurs the sec-
ond tune, " §1,000,'"and insertingin lieu thereof
"$500;" so that it will read, "exceeding $1,000,
for evr>ry additional amount of $500, or fractional
part thereof, fifty ccnts."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend, under the
head of " bond," by striking out the words " who
shall have become bound or engaged as surety
for, "and insert in lieu thereof the word "against;"
also, to strike out the words " or" and " to be;"
so that it will read:
flond.—For indemnifying any person against the payment
of anv sum of money, or for the due execution or perform-
ance ot the duties ot any office, or to account for money
received by vhtue thereof, where the penalty or money
ultimately ^coverablc thereupon is §1,000 or less, fifty
cent". —
Mr. I30UTWELL. I hope the change will
not be made. I wish to call the attention of the
committee to the effect of introducing the word
" agamst" instead of the words proposed to be
struck out. What does it mean to indemnify a
person "against the due execution or perform-
ance of the duties of any office?" 1 suggest to the
gentleman from Iowa that it is better to go back
to the old language, which has had a construc-
tion that is reasonable, and which has been ac-
cepted by the whole country, and created no dif-
ficulty whatever.
Mr. KASSON. As the clause now stands, it
seems to cover but one class of indemnifying
bonds. The object in making the change is to
cover all classes of indemnity bonds.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend in the next
paragraph by stiiking out the words "to be"
and increasing the duty from twenty-five to fifty
cents, so that it will read, " where the penalty or
money ultimately recoverable thereupon exceeds
§1,000, for every additional $1,000, or fractional
part thereof, in excess of $1,U00, fifty cents."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend in the next
paragraph by striking out the words " such as
are," so that it will read, "bond of any de-
scription other than such as may be required in
legal proceedings, or used in connection with
mortgage deeds, and not otherwise charged in
this schedule, twenty-five cents."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend line sixty-
two by making it read " exceeding fifty dollars
and not exceeding $100, fifty cents."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by,insert-
ing after the line just amended the words " ex-
ceeding $100, for each additional $100 or frac-
tional part thereof, twenty-five cents."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the clause
under the heading of "charter-party" by insert-
ing after the woni " steamer" the words " or any
renewal or transfer thereof," and also to strike
out the words " one hundred and;" so that it will
read:
Charter-Party.—Contract or agreement for the charter
of any ship or vessel, or steamer, or any letter, memoran-
dum, or other writing between the captain, master, or
owner, or person acting as agent of any ship or vessel, or
steamer,or any renewal or transfer theieof, and any other
person or persons for or relating to the charter oi such ship
or vessel, or steamer, if the registered tonnage of such ship
or vessel, or steamer, does not exceed fifty tons, one dollar.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the clause
under the heading of "conveyance" by striking
out the following:
Exceeding .$1,000 and not exceeding .$2,500, two dollars j
exceeding $2,500 and not exceeding .$.*>.000, five dollars;
exceeding §5,000 and not exceeding §10,000, ten dollars;
exceeding $10,000 and not exceeding $20,000, twenty
dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend the clause
under the heading of "contract" by inserting
before "ten cents" the words "for each note or
memorandum of each sale;" so that it will read:
Contract.—Broker's note, or memorandum of sale of any
goods or merchandise, stock*, bonds, exchange, notes o(
hand, real estate, or properly of any kind or description
issued by brokers or peisons acting as such, for each note,
or memorandum of each sale, ten ccnts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out from line
eighty-seven to line one hundred and four, inclu-
sive, as follows:
- Conveyance.—Deed, instrument, or writing,whereby any
land*-, tenements, or other realty .-bid shall be granted, as-
signed, transferred, or otherwise conveyed to or vested in
the purchaser or purchasers, or any other person or persons
by his, her, or their direction, when the con^n'eiatiou or
value exceeds §100 and does not exceed $500, fifty vents;
when the consideration exceeds §)U0 and does not exeeed
§1,000, one dollar; exceeding §1.000 and not exceeding
§2,500, two dollars ; exceeding ^2, .00 and not exceeding
§5,000, five dollars ; exceeding £.>.000 and not fxeeeding
§10,000, ten dollats ; exceeding.<10.000and not exceeding
§20,000. twenty dollar^ ; and for e\e< y additional §10.000, or
fractional part thereof in eweessot ^20,000, twenty dollars.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend in lincone
hundred and three by striking out" §10,000"and
inserting in lieu thereof "$500."
The amendment was agieed to. <
Mr. MORRILL. In line one hundred and four
I move to strike out " twenty," where it first
occurs, and insert in lieu thereof the word " one."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. At the end of line one hun-
dred and four 1 move to strike out " twenty dol-
lars" and to insert in lieu thereof " fifty cents."
The paragraph, as amended, would then read:
"And lor every additional $500, or fractional part
thereof in excess of $1,000, fifty cents."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line one hundred and
twenty-six I move to amend by striking out
" twenty-five cents""and inserting in lieu thereof,
" the premium on which does not exceed ten
dollars, ten cents; exceeding ten dollars and not
exceeding fifty dollars, twenty-five cents; exceed-
ing fifty dollars, fifty cents;" so as to make it
read:
Insurance, (marine, inland, and fire.)—Each policy of
insurance or other instrument, by whatever name the
same shall be called, by which ussiiiance shall be made or
renewed upon pioperty of any description, whether against
perils by the sea or by fire, or other peril of any kind, made
by any insurance company, or its agents, or by any other
company or person, the premium on which does not ex-
ceed ten dollars, ten cents; exceeding ten dollars and not
exceeding fifty dollars, twenty-five cents; exceeding fifty
dollars, fifty cents.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr KASSON. I move to strike out the word
"two," in the one hundred and thirty-first line,
and insert "one" in lieu thereof, so as to make
the paragraph read, "where the rent or rental
value exceeds the sum of $300, foreach additional
$100, or fractional part thereof in excess of s£300>
fifty cents."
The amendment was not agreed to.
