vm
THE '€0 MRESSIOmL GLOBE:*
mem
A bill (S. No. 223) to regulate the foreign and
coasting trade on the northern, northeastern, and
northwestern frontiers of the United States, and
for other purposes.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message farther announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and
signed, on the 8th instant, the following acts:
An act (H. R. No. 293) to provide for the pay-
ment of the second regiment, third brigade, Ohio
volunteer militia, during the time they were mus-
tered into the service of the United States;
An act (H. R. No. 426) to create an additional
supervising inspector of steamboats and two lo-
cal inspectors of steamboats for the collection dis-
trict of Memphis, Tennessee, and two local in-
spectors for the collection district of Oregon, and
for other purposes; and
An act (H. R. No. 555) to punish and prj^rent
the counterfeiting of coin of the United States.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WILSON. I move now to take up the re-
port of the committee of conference on the Army
appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That question
is before the Senate as the unfinished.business.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall settle this re-
port.
Mr. POWELL. I intended to make a motion
to take up Senate bill No. 37, but I will wait until
this is settled, so as to make my bill the unfinished
business for Monday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the report of the committee of
conference.
Mr. WILSON. The report of the committee
of conference is not what 1 had hoped for or what
I expected from the committee. 1 had hoped that
the committea of conference between the two
Houses would so adjust the matter as to secure
the rights of those colored men that had enlisted
under certain promises and pledges. But, sir,
they have not done so, or if so in any degree, it
depends on the action of the legal officer of the
Government. I have consulted with some mem-
bers of the conference committee, have taken care-
fully into consideration the importance and the
condition of the bill and the disposition in both
Houses of Congress, and I have concluded to. vote
in favor of the report of the committee of confer-
ence. 1 do so, sir, with a great deal of reluctance,
but I do so because the subject-matter goes to the
Attorney General, who has already given an opin-
ion that I think will require him to recognize and
adjust the rights of these regiments; and because
it does not preclude them from their rights, if the
Attorney Genera! shall not decide to give them
what we think belongs to them. In that event
we can bring the matter up again in Congress. It
certainly precludes them from none of their rights
or claims, but it leaves that matter entirely open
for future action, if the Attorney General shall not
give to them what we maintain belongs to them.
1 shall therefore vote for the report of the commit-
t66.
Mr.SUMNER. I stated'last night thatin my
opinion this was a report which undertook to con-
clude a matter, but did not conclude it. On fur-
ther consideration, I am not satisfied that I was
materially mistaken. Itis aconclusionin which
nothing is concluded. I may say, sir, too, that
I do not think it entirely creditable to Congress,
and, so far as I now accept it, it will be with much
reluctance. I think it would have_better become
Congress to recognize a solemn obligation toward
those who are now baring their breasts for us in
battle, who are falling on the parapets of the en-
emy, rather than to question their ri'ghts to pay
as soldiers, rights which I believe are as strong
for them as for any white soldier in the service.
I regret sincerely that those rights have not been
positively recognized in the text of a statute; but
after effort in both branches, and the appointment
of several committees of conference, our effort to
obtain such'a recognition has failed. I despairof
obtaining it, at least on the present bill. It is on
that account that I am induced to look critically
at the proposition before us to sec whether it does
afford any measure of justice. In one sense it
affords nothing; and I believe the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] who was on the commit-
tee of conference,, will not differ from me on that
point; but it does distinctly and unequivocally
refer the question to the judgment of the Attorney
General of the United States. Substantially Con-
gress agrees to take his opinion on a disputed
case. He has already given his opinion. I have
it in my hand; it is in a communication dated
April 23, 1864, addressed to the President on a
case submitted by the President. In that opinion
he uses the following language:
"I do not lmow that any rule of law, constitutional or
statutory, ever prohibited the acceptance, organization, and
muster off persons of African descent' into the military
service of the United States as enlisted men or volunteers.
But whatever doubt might have existed on the subject had
been fully resolved betore this order was* issued, by the
eleventh section of the act of 17th July, 1862, clmpterone
hundred and ninety-five, which authorized the President
to employ as many persons of African descent as he might
deem necessary and proper for the suppiesslon of the re-
bellion, and for that purpose to organize and use thorn in
such manner as he might judge best for the public welfare."
And then in another part of this same opinion
he proceeds to say:
" I have already said that I knew of no provision of law,
constitutional or statutory, which prohibited the acceptance
of persons of African descent into the military service of
tiie United States; and if they could be lawfully accepted
as private soldiers, so also might they be lawfully acccpted
as commissioned officers, if otherwise qualified therefoi.
But the expiess power conferred on the President by the
eleventh section of the act of 17th July, 1862, chapter one
hundred and ninety-five, before cited, to employ this class
of persons for the suppression of the rebellion as he may
judge best for the public welfare, furnishes all needed
sanction of law to the employment of a colored chaplain'
for a volunteer regiment oflus own race."
By the proposition before the Senate it is de-
clared us follows: "And the Attorney General is
hereby Authorized to determine any question of
law arising under this provision." It is m the
full confidence that in this way we shall at last,
through the opinion of the Attorney General, ob-
tain that justice which Congress has denied, that
I consent to give my vote for this report.
Mr. HOWE. I have listened to the declara-
tions made by the two Senators from Massachu-
setts with a great deal of satisfaction, with all the
more satisfaction because it happened yesterday,
when this report was made to the Senate, that it
was attacked with a good deal of spirit, not to say
with some ferocity. My friend from California
[Mr. Conness] pronounced it ridiculous; the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] charac-
terized it not so concisely, butpossibly with quite
as much elegance, as the little end of nothing
whittled down. [Laughter.] Now, against these
assaults, of course I had nothing to say. 1 thought
that was perhaps a merit in the proposition, for
■ I thought having been reduced to that very small
compass, the Senator from Massachusetts would
comprehend it, and I felt entire confidence that
when he did comprehend it he would, as he has
done, agree to it. I have listened, therefore, to
his declaration to-day with all the more satisfac-
tion, because it seems I was not mistaken upon
either point. [Laughter.]
The report was concurred in.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 521) to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide for the pay ment of the claims of Peruvian
citizens, under the convention between the United
States and Peru of the 12th of January, 1863,"
approved June 1,1S64, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
GOODS IN WAREHOUSE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
i-Senate the amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 282) to amend an
act entitled "An act to extend the time for the
withdrawal of goods from public stores and
bonded warehouses, and for other purposes,"
approved 29th February, 1864.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That bill is in the charge
.of the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan;]
he is not now in his seat, and I move that it lie
over for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 37.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the bill ?
Mr. HOWARD. The military interference
bill.
Mr. COLLAMES-. I move that the Senate -
adjourn. , , . .." ? < > -* : V.
'Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the motion of, the
Senator from Kentucky be the business,in order
on Monday? ["No."] . ; ;. ,
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. It will not. ,
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will it not be the peffd<,
ing motion? ["Olino."]
The motion of Mr. Collamer was agreed to; .
and the Senate adjourned.
HQUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. - : !
Saturday, June 11, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H.Ciianning.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
OVERLAND MAIL ROUTE.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask unanimous consent to
offer a joint resolution and to put it upon its pas-
sage at this lime, for the extension of the over-
land mail route act for one year,as itis impossible
to report the bill which came from the Senate, in
time. As that act expires on the, 15th of this,
month, I hope the House will consider this at the
present time.
Mr. LOAN objected.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
Mr. PATTERSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to amend the charter of the
Washington and George to wn Railroad Company;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee for llie District of Co-
lumbia.
PAYMENT OF PERUVIAN CLAIMS.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent,from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported a
bill to arfrend an act entitled "An act to provide
for the pay men t of the claims of Peruvian citizens
under the convention between the United States
and Peru on the 12th of January, 1863," ap-
proved June 1, 1864.
Mr. STEVENS. The act which we passed
a few days ago did not provide for'the payment
of the interest on those claims, and this bill is in-
troduced for that purpose.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. BROOKS. What is the amount of interest?
Mr. STEVENS. .The amount of interest pro- '
vided in the last clause is the interest on about
$37,000 from January to July.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and '
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. .
WITHDRAWAL OF BONDED GOODS.
Mr. STEVENS. I am also instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to report back
Senate bill No. 282, to amend an ant entitled "An
act to extend the time for the withdrawal of goods
from public stores and bonded warehouses, and
for other purposes," approved 29th of February,
1864, with amendments.
I will explain what it is. Last February Con-
gress passed an act giving further time, to the 1st
of May, to withdraw goods for home consump-
tion that had been more than one year in bond.
As the 1st of May has now passed, it is proposed
to extend the time to the 1st of September next
for the same purpose. ,If there is any objection '
to its passage, I will move that it be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. If that be the ob-
ject of the bill I do not object.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the bill and amendment
be read.
Mr. STEVENS. I will state the amendments
of the Committee of Ways and Means. They
move to strike out " the 1st day of May, 1864,"
and some other words, so that it will read thatall
goods, wares, and merchandise in public stores
or bonded warehouses on which the duties are un-
paid, and which shall have been in bond for more
than one year and less than three years, may be
entered for consumption, and the bonds canceled
at any time before the 1st day of September, in-
stead of the payment of duties and charges ac-
