1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
857
true that England had, during that time, sent out
a considerable emigration to different parts of the
world, which, from the best data attainable, I es-
timate. at 852,011, between 1825 and 1850; but on
the other hand, the census of1851 shows that Eng-
land in that year contained 519,950 natives ofire-
land and 130,087 natives of Scotland, making a
total of 650,046. The difference therefore between
the emigration and the immigration is not great
enough to materially affect the question of the
ratio of growth.
If we apply that ratio to our own country wo
find that we should to-day possess a population
of 11,728,120; about one third our present popu-
lation.
It must not be forgotten that England is, in
point of enterprise and prosperity, second only
to our own country; that her commerce radiates
over the entire globe, and that the sun never sets
upon her possessions. It cannot, therefore, be
said that I have selected as a comparison a coun-
try unfitted for the development of population.
Let us then take another instance.
France represents a stationary population, gain-
ing nothing by immigration, losing little by em-
igration, growing by the mere preponderance of
the births over the deaths; and at the same time
possessing since her great revolution a steadily
increasing measure of prosperity, evidenced by
her commercial developments, the large quantities
of waste landannually broughtundercuitivation,
and the rapid increase in her manufactures. Her
growth may therefore be very fairly taken as a
standard for the growth of all prosperous but
isolated nations, iu 1801 her population was
27,349,003; in 1361 it was 37,472,132—an increase
of 37 per cent, in sixty years.
If we apply this ratio of growth to our own pop-
ulation, we would have at the present day, in-
stead of 31,445,080, but 7,270,590, considerably
less than the population of the western States
alone, which in 1860 was 9,091,979.
Whence then comes this prodigious difference
in the rate of growth, in the one case amounting
to a difference of 24,174,410, in the other to a dif-
ference of 19,716,880 ? I answer, in a very great
degree from foreign immigration. What has that
foreign immigration been? Divided by decades it
was as follows:
Ai i lvrd prior to 1800  126.863
;t between 1820 and 1830  244'490
" " 1830 1840   552,000
*'< 1S40 « 13.50  1,558,300
u " ISoO " mo  2,'07,624
Total  5,189,270
Thus we find that since the foundation of the
Government the immigrants arriving in the United
States were 1,259,449 more than the total popu-
lation with which we commenced our career as a
nation!
This, then, Mr. Chairman, is the explanation of
the almost fabulous rate of growth we have en-
joyed, This is the source of the incalculable re-
sources we have been enabled to pour forth in the
face of an astonished world. This is the womb
from which have gone forth those countless hordes
of armed men beneath whose tread the earth seems
to tremble, and before whose faces all the foul-
nesses of oppression are rolling away like the
mist before the coming of the morning.
Let us enlarge our hearts to a liberal conception
of the great work performed by this continuous
flood of immigration. Independently of the wealth
brought by the immigrants into the country, in
itself no inconsiderable sum, they have applied
their hands to all the tasks that have been spread
out before them,and have everywhere turned op-
portunity into realization, and crude material into
wealth. If seventy-five years—the period of a
human life—includes thfe lapse of time between the
foundation of the first settlement west of Penn-
sylvania and to-day, when the great West num-
bers nearly ten million inhabitants, nearly one
third the entire population of the nation, let us
remember that we are to ascribe a very large part
of this astounding and unparalleled result to the
flood of foreign immigration which has poured
steadily and continuously upon our shores since
the foundation of the Government. For, Mr.
Chairman, it is one of the distinguishing charac-
teristics of that immigration, that, however much
the judgment of some individuals may have been
clouded, after their arrival upon our shores, as to
the true path to their own interests and the in-
terests of the nation, they, have-all, as if guided
by some overruling instinct, sougbtojutfor them-
selves homes in the free States of the JNorth;
This fact was early recognized by the leading
minds of the South, and formed the basis of a
large part of their opposition to the homestead
law and other kindred measures for the encour-
agement of immigration. Indeed,.this great fact
was urged by many of them as a principal reason
for the reestablishmentof the African slave trade.
Mr. J. D. B. DeBow, the leading statistical writer
of the South, in a letter to William L. Yancey,
dated June 3, 1859, said:
is plain, and time and events have demonstrated the
fact, that it is not European labor that we want, since that
labor during so long a time lias not taken foothold in our
limit", evidencing thus an Incapacity to adapt itself to our
condition. Time and events have made it equally clear that
such labor is beyond our reach altogether."
In a speech made by Mr. A. H. Stephens at
Augusta, Georgia, in 1859, the following language
was employed:
" It is as plain as, anything, thatunless the number of Afri-
can stock be increased we have not the population, and
might as well abandon the race with our brethren of the
North. "We cannot make States without people; rivers
and mountains do not make them; and slave States cannot
he made without Africans."
This tendency of the free laborers of Europe to
the free States of the North is understood abroad.
The London Star of December 24,18G3,in an able
editorial, speaks as follows:
"They [the South] boast also of the liveliness of their
contraband commerce with our ports. How is it, then,
that we hear of no cmigiation to such comparatively unob-
structed pons as Wilmington or Brownsville? The'former
seems to defy attempts to seal it up, and the latter was ull
lately easy of access by way of Mutamoras. But we hear
of no contraband caigoes of Irishmen or Germans. And
for just the same reason that we never heard much of Euro-
pean emigtauon to the South. The slave power has never
wanted any emigrants but the colored and compulsory—
whom it now finds wanting in 'every essential quality of
thesoldier,' especially in the quality of obedience and fidel-
ity. It has jealously monopolized the vast and fertile but
degenerate soil of the South. It has accumulated landed
property in the hands of an aristocracy of wealth and race.
Tt lias put every obstacle in the way ot fiee laborers settling
upon its open territories knowing well that their vote and
influence would soon kill the institution winch counts the
laborers as capital and pays no wages but iu coarse food
and hard stripes."
The annual report of the Chamber of Commerce
of the city of New York for 1860-61, (page 296,)
shows thatduringl860,outof 108,682 immigrants
arriving at that port, the enormous proportion of
97,717 were destined for the free States, and but
5,362 for the slave States, and that of these latter
less than one thousand were destined for the Gulf
States—those States in which slavery presented
her most repulsive features. Let me call your
attention, Mr. Chairman, to this disproportion:
less than a thousand emigrants for the distinct-
ively slave-labor States, and 97,717 for the dis-
tinctively free-labor States; the remainder, 4,362,
for those States in which slavery and free labor
svere contending for supremacy.
But let us pass from a consideration of the ad-
vantages already derived from this source of na-
tionaf greatness, to those that rest in the imme-
diate future.
If our age, Mr. Chairman, possesses any pe-
culiar and distinctive significance, any distin-
guishing trait which maiks it as a new era in the
development of the human race, it is to be found
in its breaking down of old prejudices and illib-
eralities; in its opening to all men of all races and
colors equal opportunities for ad vancement; in its
scattering over new and virgin lands the pent-up
and oppressed populations of the elder nations;
and, in a word, in its softening the asperities and
broadening the generosities of mankind. Permit
me to remark, Mr. Chairman, that that party
which shall aspire to continuously rule the des-
tinies of our nation must take this lesson deeply
to heart, or it will find itself unworthy its high
mission. The focal-point of the age, 6< the half-
brother of the world, "as an English poet has called
our country, those who would lead us must rise
to the sublime height of justice to the entire hu-
man family, not, only to that portion, whatever
may be their color, born on our own soil, but to
those vast populations of the Old World, joint her-
itors with ourselves of the billion acres of land
1 still unclaimed and uninhabited.
| Let it be our duty then to widen the ample
: throat of that fountain from which already such
i floods of blt'osmgs have been poured out upon our
landv Lst us stimulate, facilitate rand?*fci?eet-that
stream of imraigrationwhich,'with increased vol-
ume, now 'crowds* the' seaports of England' and
burdens down every immigrant ship sailing for
America. . •
In the great Northwest we'have ample room
and verge enough forall these coming multitudes.
In Minnesota alone we possess 53',500,0©fracrcs
of land, Of which only 500,000 am tmderCtf Uiva-
tiorv. We need hands to till those; remaining
53,000,000 uncultivated acres; we need a hotsse on
every "quartersection,"agardenby everyhouse,
a church and a school-house in every settlement.
We care not how multifarious may be the lan-
guages spoken, nor from what remote regions of
the world's surface^that population may be gath-
ered together. Let them but enjoy the school-
house, the church, the newspaper, and free in-
stitutions, and one generation will fuse the het-
erogeneous mass into a population intelligent,
enterprising, patriotic,ready to spend their hearts'
best blood in defense of the institutions trans-
mitted to them by their emigrant fathers, and
which have so incalculably blessed and benefited
them.
Mr. Chairman, we are entering upon a new
era in the history of our nation. A revolution
has been developing itself before our very eye3
almost unobserved by the nation.
1 have called attention-to the fact that butthree-
score years and fifteen have elapsed since the
commencement of settlement west of Pennsylva-
nia. Far up in the Northwest, on the borders'of
the most remote of the great lakes, there is a
State, little known in Europe, not yet placed on
many European maps, possessed of no world-
wide fame—the State of Wisconsin. Let us ex-
tract a few facts from the statistics of that State.
In 1840 the entire wheatcropof Wisconsin was
212,000bushels. In 1861, twenty-one years later,
it was 27,316,000 bushels—three million bushels
more than the entire wheat crop of Ohio, New
York, and all the New England States put to-
gether!
Surely, Mr. Chairman, these figures seem to
pass beyond human belief; we appear to be enter-
ing upon the region of the supernatural.
In the day of Rome's greatness it was esteemed
a prodigy that Alexandria, draining " the granary
of the world," should send to Rome 20,000,000
bushels of wheat annually; yet from this, I might
almost call it obscure State, twenty-five years since
the abode of wild beasts, its name yet a strange
word in the mouth of the world, there is annually
sent forth seven million bushels more than the
great city of antiquity was able to furnish to the
swollen population of eternal Rome.
Or, passing to the neighboring State of Illinois
and to the city of Chicago, let me call attention
to another fact. The entire shipments of wheat,
corn, oats, and barley from Chicago in 1838 were
78 bushels; in 1862 they were 55,720,000 bushels.
Or, returning to Wisconsin, the value of the
produce trade of Milwaukee m 1841 was $2,500;
in 1862 it was $,20,000,000!
Mr. Chairman, we cannot but draw deeper
breaths and take in wider conceptions of the fu-
ture of our land in the presence of such majestic
facts. We cannot but exult that a just and mer-
ciful God has laid bare in the center of a conti-
nent these illimitable fields, and is tempting to
them by the beacon of an inestimable liberty the
unfortunate and oppressed of the world.
"Mankind is one,
And hath but one great heart. -*Ti% thus we fed,
With a giuantle throb across the seas,
Each other's rights and wrongs."
Nor is the revolution to which 1 have alluded
simply in the growth of population or of wealth.
A writer in the London (Quarterly Review (July,
18G3) says:
c< The nations of the west [of Europe] have gradually be-
come loss capable o( supplying thenvc Ives with food. While
thousands of mouths are added daily to the number to be
fed, agriculture, with all it? marvelous improvements and
scientific appliance?', is unable to keep pace with the prog-
ress of population." * « « "A few years
aso Ensland was able to feed her own people from the pro-
duce oilier own shores. She now buys gram to the annual
value ot $60,000,000. It is piobahle that in a few yeaia Eng-
land and France will need annually $200,000,000 of gram."
A paper has lately been read, before the Lon-
don Faimers'Club, recommending English farm-
ers to abandon altogether the raising of grain and
confine themselves to the raising of stock, on the
ground that the English climate is not adapted to
