1904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
enty-two or less, one half cent; containing over
seventy-two and less than one hundred and forty-
four, one cent." The object of the suggestion I
make is to embrace a class of manufacturers who
are now making and putting up matches in boxes
containing seventy-two or less. I know of one
.-establishment in my State whose amount of man-
ufacture reaches four million boxes a year; and
a tax of one half cent upon those boxes would
amount to over one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars yearly. It is unfair, if we can possibly
avoid it, to compel that class of manufacturers to
stop their-works in order to change their ma-
chinery and adopt a elass of boxes which contain
one hundred matches; or compel them to pay on
' ■•boxes containing seventy-two matches a tax equal
to that which is-paid by those who are putting
up matches in boxes containing one hundred
-rMtches.
I have consulted with the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,] who is familiar
with the working of the internal revenue loans,
ami he thinks there would be no great impropriety
in fixing a stamp of one half cent upon this class
of boxes.
Mr. MORRILL. X desire to say a word in
opposition to the gentleman's suggestion. It
seems to me that if we are to have any stamp tax
at all, upon matches or anything else, one cent is
as low as we can possibly go. The inconve-
nience suggested by the gentleman from New
York is a very small one, and perhaps does not
exist except in the case he has mentioned, and
which I hope will vanish soon after the law goes
into operation. Most of those who manufacture
already place one hundred mutches in a box, and
if they place less they make a greater profit there-
by, as I suppose.
Mr. FENTON. I offer that suggestion as an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MrORRILL. I move to insert after line
sixty-two the following:
When any parcel oi package contains more than one
hundred and not more than two hundred matches, lor each
p.uerl or package two cents, and /or every additional one
hundred matches m pactional part thereof, one cent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out lines
sixty-three, sixty-four, and sixty-five, us follows:
Where the retail price of «uch puree! or package «hi!l
exc<sed the sum oj Jive eent«, for evm aidmonal amount
of live cents, or fractional part theicol, one cent.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
For all cigar lights, wax tapers, or matches, made with-
out the u&e of sulpinu, double tile rates herein imposed
upon sulphur or lueiter matches.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the last amendment the following::"
*■ ®
Provided, That so far as this aet relates to fuctiori 01 lu-
cifer matches made in part of wood, or to eiyai lights, wax
tapeis, or matches made without the use of sulphur, the
same shall noj take effect until tiie 1st of July, 18G4.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following clause was read:
Flaying card*.—For and upon every paek of whatever
number, when the retail pue^ per pack does not exceed
eighteen ecnt*, two cents.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think this article of luxury
ought*to pay a larger tax. I move to amend by
striking out "two" and inserting " five."
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman from In-
diana will notice the phraseology of this bill he
will see that it is changed from what it was under
the old law. Under the old law playing; cards
were only charged this tate upon the wholesale
price; and if the gentleman has purchased any of
these articles of luxury, as I presume he has, he
found that he paid only a one cent tax, although
he bought a pack of cards which cost fifty or
seventy-five cents. Now, the proposition is to
place the tax upon the retail price. That will
more than double the revenue from this source,
Mr. IvALBFLElSCH. May 1 ask the gen-
tleman whether he considers this as an indispens-
able article for gentlemen upon.that side of the
House? [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the tax is entirely
too low, and I insist on my amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out in line
seventy-nine the word "three" and insert" ten"
in lieu thereof, so that the clause will read, "ex-
ceeding the retail price of eighteen cents, and not
exceeding twenty-five cents per pack, ten cents."
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I hope that that
amendment will not prevail. I believe that if the
object of this bill is simply to raise revenue, very
much more will be derived from the schedule of
prices which the Committee of WaysandMeans
have inserted in the bill than from an increase.
Last year when the tax bill was pending I had
occasion to look into this subject from the fact
that I have acquaintance with one of the four
largest manufacturers of playing cards in the Uni-
ted States. An effort was made last year greatly
to raise this tax. I think some gentleman pro-
posed twenty-five, ten, and five cents, but finally
the two Houses agreed that more revenue would
probably be deiived from fixing the tax at half
the rates established in this bill than from higher
rates.
I desire to say here that one manufacturer in
New York from whom I have a letter in my hand
states that he has paid for the goods that he man-
ufactures since the tax bill went into operation
$28,000 on these articles.
Again, one reason given why the tax should
be small on low-priced cards is that if it be made
heavy it will drive the cheaper article out of use
and tend to the disuse of the article to a very great
extent. We know that it is really economy to
purchase the higher-priced article, because one
pack of these, as I am informed by those who aie
in the habit of using them, will last some twelve
times as long as a puck of a chcapcr quality.
Another reason is that a high tax on the do-
mestic article destroys the competition of the
American manufacturer with (he foreign manu-
facturer. I believe that the House will make a
very great mistake if they increase the tax above
the rates proposed by the Committee of Ways
and Means. I make that statement after having
given a considerable degree of attention to this
SllhjeGt.
Mr. IIolman's amendment was agreed to—
ayes sixty-two, noes not counted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move to strike out the
woid ''five" in line eighty-one, and insert "fif-
teen" in lieu theieof; so that the clause will read,
"exceeding the retail price of twenty-five, and
not exceeding fifty cents per pack, fifteen cents."
Mr. HURHARD, of Iowa. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out " fifteen" and ni-
sei tui-U " twelve."
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
Tho amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. HOLA'IAN. In line eighty-three I move
to strike out " ten" and insert " thirty;" so that
the clause will read, "exceeding the retail price
of fifty cents, and not exceeding one dollar pet-
pack, thii ty cents."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mt. HOLVIAN. I move now to strike out the
won! "five" and insei t " twentyso that the
clause will read, "exceeding the retail price of
one dollar for every additional fifty cents, or fi ac-
tional pari thereof, in excess of one dollar, twenty
cen ts."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move now to
strike out the woid "retail" wherever it occurs
before the word "price" in these items m regard
to playing catds.
Mr. MORRILL. Whatevermay be done with
tins section—and I do not suppose that any gen-
tleman pioposes that it shall b canied into eifect
in its present foiru—-the retail price ought to be
retained for tins icason, that under the present
law there die great opportunities for evading this
duty. As I stated before, when a purchaser ob-
tains theee cards, if a proper stamp is on he knows
it, for it is visible on the outside of the pack.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I would like
to ask the gentleman fiom Vermont who he in-
tends shall pay the expense of these stamps, the
manufacturer or the retaiiei ?
Mr. MORRILL. I intend that they shall not
be sold without a full stamp being upon them.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask the gentle-
man from Vermont whether he expects the manu-
facturer of cards to put on these stamps? The
manufacturer cannot possibly know at what price
these cards may be sold in various parts of the
country. The proposition is simply impractica-
ble. 1 understand that the manufacturer is per-
fectly willing to pay the tax, but wants to know
what the tax is. He puts on a stamp at his own
price; but how can he anticipate what the retail
price is ?
Mr. MORRILL. I submit to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that it is the same proposi-
tion as in regard to all the articles in this section,
and that no difficulty has been heretofore expe-
rienced from it, and I apprehend that none will
be in this case.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The principle
is not the same. When these articles of patent
medicines are put up in boxes and bottles, which
preserve their forms unaltered, and which have a
retail price attached to them when they are sent
out from the place of manufacture, there is no
difficulty about them, but it is quite different in
the case of playing cards which have no fixed
retail price.
Mr. MORRILL. The ruling of the Depart-
ment in regard to these articles is:
"If the manufacturer of piopiietary articles, acting in
good faith, and upon such information as he can obtain,
affixes a stump answering to the letail pnee m the maiket
where he deals, oi in the vicinity theieof, he will be ex-
empt from proceedings foi penalty, even though in other
parts of the countiy the articles so manufactured and
stamped may be sold at enhanced prices."
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, Then do I un-
derstand that the manufacturer may put on a
stamp which will answer to the retail price?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. Rice's amendment wak rejected.
The one hundred and seventy-first section was
read, as follows:
Sec. 171. Jlnd be it fmther enacted, That trom and after
the date on which tin* act take,-; effect tluue --hall he an al-
lowance oi diawbackon all aitieleson which any internal
duty oi tax ^hali have been paid, except jaw or unmanu-
laeiuiul cotton, lefincd coal oil,naphtha, benzine or ben-
zole, distilled spirit*. niaiuitaetuied tobacco, snuti, and cl-
eats or all desci iptions, equal in amount to the duty or tax
paid th'Meon, and no more, when exported, the evidence
that any t ueh duty or tax has been paid to be lurmshed to
the satisfaction ot the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
b.\ such person or persons as shall claim the allowance or
dtawhaek, and the amount to be'a^eertuined undei -mch
regulation-* as shall, horn tune to time, he piesenbed by tho
Commissioner ot Internal Revenue, undei the'dueetionof
the tieciotary of the Tiea*ury, and the same shall be paid
by the vvanant of the Secretary of the Tn-asuiy on the
Ttea^mei ol the United Stale?, out of an\ money arising
fiom internal duties not otherwise appropuated : P,orided,
That no allowance or drawback shall be made oi had tor
any amount claimed or due than twenty dollar*, any-
thing m this act to the eontiaiv notwithstanding : Jlndj'to-
videJ further, That any certificate of diawhack for tjoods
♦wpoited, issued in puiMiance of the provisions ot law,
may, under such regulation1- as may he pi escribed by the
Seeieui> of the Ticasuiy, be icceived by the collecioi or
his deputy m payment ot duties undei this act. And the
Secretary of the Ticasiiry may make -ueh regulations with
legard to the foim of said certificates and the i^-um^
thcieof as, m ins judgment, may be neces-aiy: pro-
vided juither, That in computing tin; allowance or diaw-
hack upon aiticlc-. mauutaenm-d exclusively nf entiun
i when exported, then; shall be allowed, in addition to Use
| live percent, duty which shall havt been paid on sitefi ar~
| tides, a diawbuek of two cents pi i pound upon such ar-
ticle*, m all cases wheie the duty imposed by law upon
the cotton used in the mamiJactiue theieof has been pte-
viously paid; the amount ot said allowance to be a>cer-
tumid in such manner as mny he presonbed by the Com-
missioner of Internal Uevenue, under the duection ui'the
SecreUiy of the Trea-uuy.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend by adding
to the section as follows:
Jlnd provided fmi her, That there shall be an allowance
oi drawback on refined coal oil, when expoitcd, of $1 30
per banc! ot tony gallon*.
This amendment becomes necessary in conse-
quence of the committee having laid a'tux of one
dollar on crude oil. A drawback is allowed on
crude petroleum exported. On reCnud there is
no drawback allowed, as it is exported dnectly
from the placc of manufacture to a bonded ware-
house or place of exportation. Therefore, in
order to equalize the foreign nod the home manu-
facture, it is necessary to allow a drawback on
refined oil equal to the tax on crude petroleum.
Mr. MORI!ILL. I do not rise to oppose the
emendment, but { trust that when the House
reaches this proposition and the proposition to
tax coal oil, they will reject them both. If the
one is retained, then it is obvious that this pro-
viso should be luseited. [ therefore do nut ob-
ject now to the introduction of this proposition.
The Amendment was agreed to.
