THI O0MRISBIOF1L GL6BEL
June 11.
cording to the laws in force at the time the goods
shall have been withdrawn.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is an amendment of a
bill which has become a law. I would ask, in
behalf of those who are not familiar with these
commercial matters, the reason for the extension
of time when these goods may be withdrawn for
exportation to foreign ports? What is the object
of allowing them' to be entered for domestic con-
sumption after a certain time?
Mr. STEVENS. For this reason: wherever
they have been in bond more than a- year they
may Be entered for exportation and ho duty is
payable on them. If they enter them for home
consumption the Government receives duty. That
is the difference, and it is a considerable one to
the Government.
The amendments of the Committee of Ways
and Means were concurred in.
The bill, as anMnded, was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, abd passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote'
by wrtiich the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AtfsON ATWOOD.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Anson Atwood;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents.
' PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. HOLMAN. Next Friday has not been
set apart for any particular business, and 1 move
that the morning hour of that day be devoted to
the reception of reports on cases of a private na-
ture; and that it be made objection day in the
Committee of the Whole House-on the Private
Calendar.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
GRANT OF LANDS TO MICHIGAN.
Mr. DIUGGS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to report back from the
Committee on Public Lands the amendments of
the Senate to House bill No. 227, glinting lands
to the State of Michigan for the construction of
certain wagon roads for military and postal pur-
poses. The Senate place the grant under the
Legislature, which relieves the objection made
to the bill in the House, and we consent to that
amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
OVERLAND MAIL.
Mr. ALLEY. The gentleman from Missouri
withdraws his objection to my reporting the bill
in reference to the overland mail.
Mr. STEVENS. I renew it. We ought to
have time to consider the bill.
HOME FOE Til HI FRIENDLESS.
Mr. DAVIS, of New Yorlc.by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, reported back Senate amendments to
House bill No. 383, to incorporate a Home for
Friendless Women and Children.
The Senate amendments were severally con-
curred in.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, moved fo recon-
sider the vote by which the Senate amendments
were agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EUGENE FRKEANS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, reported back from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs the petition of
Eugene Freeans, and asked that the committee
be discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
It was so ordered.
■RENEWAL OF A PATENT.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back the remonstrance of
James L. Woodward, of New York, against the
petition of Jonathan Ball forreiief by ihe renewal
of a patent, and asked that the committee be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Patents.
It was so ordered.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of privilege.
I offer the following resolution, and move the
previous question on its adoption:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the present Con-
gress adjourn finally on Monday, the 20th instant.
Mr. FARNSWORTH-. I ask the'gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw the previous question thait
I may offer an amendment.
Mr. COX. I will hear what it is.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I propose to fix the
25th of June instead of the 20th.
Mr. COX. We have voted almost everything
away, and I think we had better vote ourselves
away as soon'as possible. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. X think we will be
more likely to accomplish the object which the
gentleman from Ohio has in view if we say the
25th.
Mr. COX. I accept the amendment, and will
say Saturday the 25th.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest that
Saturday is not a desirable day for adjournment,
as it would be very difficult for the clerks to have
the bills engrossed that day.
Mr. COX. Then 1 will say Thursday the 23d.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 consent to that.
The resolution was so modified.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution, as modified, was adopted.' •'
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider oh the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AN AOT ILLEGALLY APPROVED.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, made a report on a resolution of the
House instructing that committee to inquire by
what warrant the act entitled "An act to provide
for the collection of abandoned property and for
the prevention of frauds in insurrectionary dis-
tricts within the United States" was approved on
the 12th of March, 1863, and whether said act is
in force; and asked that the report be printed,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the report is not very vo-
luminous I should like to have it read.
Mr. WILSON. It is but short. Let it be
read.
Tho report was read. The conclusion of it is
that the act in question having been approved and
signed by the President subsequently to the ad-
journment of Congress did not become a law and
is not in force. .
The report was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
PAYMASTER RUSSELL'S ADMINISTRATORS.
Mr. MOORHEAD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 337) for the
relief of the administrators of W. W. Russell,
late paymaster in the marine corps, and asked
that it be put upon its passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. That bill belongs properly
to the business of next Friday. I hope it will be
postponed till that time, when it will come up
with other private business.
The bill was postponed till Friday next.
TII1S BANKRUPT BILL.
Mr. DAWES called for the regular business,
but yielded to
Mr. BOUTWELL, who said: I call up the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the bankrupt
bill was rejected. I desire to say that my object
in moving the reconsideration is to give to the
committee on bankruptcy the benefit of the labor
which it has bestowed on this bill. It would be
a hardship if the labor of the committee were lost
by the present rejection of the bill. I have there-
fore consented to move a reconsideration. If the
motion to reconsider shall prevail, I shall then
move to postpone the bill till the second Monday
in December next, after the morning hour.
Mr. STEVENS I desire to ask thegentleman
from Massachusetts whether the chairman of the
special committee on bankruptcy consents to the
postponement of the bill if the vote be reconsid-
ered ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. He dees.
A Member. I understand he does not.
Mr. DAWES. If my colleague' is in error
about the consent of the chairman who has charge
of the bill to postpone it, I cannot give way. But
I will yield to my colleague if no opposition be
made.
Mr-. STEVENS.. I hope we will be governed
by that fact altogether.
Mr, ASHLEY. I object to further debate.
Mr. DAWES. Then imustobiect to this'mat-
ter coming up unless there xari be some under-
standing abo;ut it. T resume the floo'r.
Mr. ASHLEY. I do not think the gentleman
from Massachusetts can take the floor from his
colleague in that way.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
motion to reconsider ia before the House.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I desire to know of the
gentleman who reported the bill what his purpose
m reference to it is.
Mr. JENCKES. I can only speak for myself.
I asked the gentleman from Massachusetts to
move to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was rejected, and himself move, if he dfesirea'it,
to postpone it.
Mr, DAWES. Unless there can be some un-
derstanding in relation to the postponement I will
move to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. JENCKES. I think there is an understand-
ing; 1 think the understanding is satisfactory to
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I do not desire mygeif to
take any responsibility in the matter. I desire
the gentleman himself to state whether he Will
support the motion to postpone or not.
Mr. JENCKES. If the gentleman will with-^.
draw the motion for the previous question, I will
state my whole understanding of the matter.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I withdraw It.
Mr. JENCKES. This bill has been the result
of the labors of the special committee, who have
spent a great deal of time on the subject, and have
presented as perfect a bill as they could fram6
under the circumstances. They, of course, desire
the bill to pass. I find that the opinion of the
House is that it is not wise in their judgment to
pass it at the present time. They have expressed
that by their votes, and I yield to that result.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout- •'
well,] who has voted against the bill and who
has moved a reconsideration of the vote rejecting
the bill, did so upon the understanding with me
that he would move to postpone the bill until
some day early in the next session. I agreed to
the motion to postpone and I shall not opposS it.
I find thatitis impossible during the present ses-
sion, if this bill should be passed by the House,
that it can be passed by the Senate. It follows,
therefore, that nothing will be lost by the friends
of the bill by agreeing to postpone this bill as
the gentleman from Massachusetts proposes to
move.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now renew the deriiand
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. CRAVENS. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 78, not voting 60;
as follows:
YEA3—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Bliss,
Boyd. Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, Finck, Grider, Harding,
Harrington, Charles M. Harris, Holman, Hutchins, Inger-
soll, William Johnson, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond,
Loan, Long, Mallory, Marey, McCJurg, McDowell, James
It. Morns, Morrison, Amos Myers, Noble, Orth, Pendletro,
Perhain, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, William Gi
Steele, Stiles, Tiaey, Wad&worth, Whaley, Chilton A 
White, and Joseph W. White—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Baxter,
Be<*man, Blaine, Blair, Blow,Bout\vell, Brandegee,Brooks,
Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Cotlroth, Cole, Henry
Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Davves, Dixon, Driggs, f
Eliot, Farnsworth, Fenton, Frank, Ganson, Griswold, Her- $
nek. Higby, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard. John |
H. Hubbaid, Jenckes, Julian, Kalbfleiseh, Keiiey, Fiancia "
W. Kellogg, Orlando Keiiogg, King, Littlojobn, Longyear,
Matvm,MeJnrioe,Mooiheud, Morrill, Daniel Moms, Nor-
ton, Charles O'Neiil, Patterson, Pike, Alexandei II. Itice,
John H. Rice, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smithers, Starr,
Stevens, Sweat,Thayer,Thomas,Upson,Van Valkenhurgh,
Ward, Webster, Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Win-
doin, Fernando Wood, and Woodbridge—78,
NOT VOTING—Meters.-Aneona, Batty, Broomull* James*
