2882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
soil,Jenckes,Julian, Kolley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando
Kellogg, Longyenr, Melndoe, Samuel F.Miller,Moorhead,
Morrill, Daniel Morris. Amos Myers, Leonard Myeis, Nor-
ton, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Perhajn, Pike, Price, Alexander
H. Rice, John II; Rice, Schenck, Shannon, Smithers,
Spnldimr, Starr, Stevens, Up-on, Van Valkenburgh, Wil-
liams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge-^64.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Alien, Baily,
Augustus C. Baldwin, Blaine, Blair, Bliss, Blow, liiooks,
James S. Brown, Chanler,Coftrofh, Cox, Cravens, Dawes,
Dawson, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridue, Finck, Ganson, Grider,
Gn&wold, [larding, Harrington,Charles M. Harris, Ilernck,
llolman, Hutchins, William Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Knapp,
Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Long, Mallory, Marcy, Marvin,
McCluig, McDowell, James 11. Morris, Morrison, Noble,
Pendleton, Samuel J. llandall, Robinson, Ross, Scofield,
Smith, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Stuart,
Sweat, Thomas, Wadsworth, VVaid, Webster,-Wheeler,
Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, and Fernando
Wood—63.
NUT VOTING—Messis. Aneona, Broomall, William G.
Biovvn, Clay, Orosweil, Deming, Demson,* Donnelly, Du-
inont, EngM-«h, Feivon, Garfield, Gooel), Gritmell, Hale,
Hall, Benjamin G, Harris, Ilulburd, Philip Johnson, ICas-
j?on. Km nan, Km<j, Littiejohn, Loan, McAllister, Mc Bride,
McKmnoy, Middk-ton, William H Miller, Nelson. Odf'H,
John O'Neill,Patterson, Penv, Pomeioy, Piuyn, Radford,
William II. Randall, Rogers, Edwaid 11. Rollins, James S.
Rollins, Seott, Sloan, Siebbins, Stnmse, Thayer, Tracy,
Voorhces, Ehhu B. VVashburne,,William B. Washburn,
Whaley, Wimield, Benjamin Wood, and Yeauian—54.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the nega-
tive, am) the resolution is not laid upon the table.
The question ra&urred on the adoption of the
resolution. *
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affii mntive—yeas G4, nays 62, not voting 55;
as follows.:
YEAS—Messrs. Jame* C. Allen, William J. Allen. Baily,
Angu-lus C Baldwin, Blaine, Blair, lilies, Blow, Brooks,
* Jamer% S. Ihovvu, Ohanler, Coft'ioili,Cox,Ciavcns, Davve^,
Dawson, Eden.KilgeriiMi, Eldndge, Finck, Ganson,Grider,
Gri^wold, Hauling, II.irnngion, CharlesM. llaui.-, Ileiriek,
Uolman, llutehms, William Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Knapp,
Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Long, Maliory, Maicy, Marvin,
McDowell, Jame-; It. Morns, Morrison, Noble, Pendleton,
„ Samuel J Randall, Robmson, Roger.-;, Uos*, Scofield, Smith,
- John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Stuart, Sweat,
Thomas, WacMvoith, Waul, Webber, Whaley, Wheci-
oi. Chilton A. Whit'-, Joseph VV. White, and Fernando
Wood —(M
NA YS—Me^it*. All won, Ames, Anderson, Ai nold, John
I). Baldwin, Beainan, Boutvveil, Boyd, Biandegec, Amhiose
W.CIaik, Freeman Choke, ^obb, Cole, lieniy Winter
Davis, Thomm T. Davw, Dixon, Drigg-, Eekley, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Fenton, Frank, fligby, Hooper, Hoiehlciss,
A-ahel W. Hubbard. John II. Hnbb.ud, Ingi;i>oll, Jem kes,
Julian, Fianci- VV. Kellogir, Oilando Kolloatr, Littiejohn,
Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Monill, Daniel i\Ii;rris. Amos
Myer*, Leonaid Myers, Norton, Chailos O'Neill, Orth, Pat-
ter^m, Perhsmi, Pike, Price, Alexander II. Rice, John U.
Rice, Schenck, Shannon, Sloan. Smitheis, Spalding, Starr,
Steven", Thayer, flj^on. Van Valkenbuigh, Williams, Wil-
son, WmhIohi, ami Wuodhudge—G^.
NO I' VOTING—."Me^--i!-. Alley. Aneona, Ashley, Baxter,
Bioomali, Willi.uu (J. Brown, Clay, On'Mvell,* Deimng,
Dem-on, Donnelly, Dumont, Engh>h, Garfield, Gooch,
Gnnnell, Hail, Bt'iijamiu (J. Hain->, fliiltiuid, Philip
Johnson, K.i^mhi, K< Hey, Keinan, Kinir, Loan, Longyear,
McAllister, McBnde, ,McClniu, Melndoe, Me Kinney. Mid-
dlcton, William 1J. Milh-r, Nelson, Odell, John O'Neill,
Periy, P >im«ioy, I'ruyn, Radford, William H. Randall, Ed-
waid 11 Rolliu-, J.lines S. Kollin?., Scott,Siebbins. Sirou^e,
Tracy,Voorhecs, ftliim B. Washbiirne, William B. Wash-
burn, WiUloi,\Vin(ield,Benjamin Wood, and Yeaman—55.
So ihe resolution was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. KELLKY.stated that h e was paired with
Mr. Harris, of' Maryland.
Mr. DEN1S0N stated that he was paired with
Mr. BaooMiLL.
The vote was (hen announced as above recorded.
Mr. MALLORY moved to reconsider the vote
by which tlx; resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. UPSON called for the yeas and nays on
the latter motion.
The yens and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it wasdecided nt
the affirmative—yeas 63, nays 57, not voting Gl;
as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. James O. Allen, William J. Alien,
Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, Blaine, Bliss, Blow, Biooks,
James S. Biown. Chanler, Cotirotu, Cox, Cravens, Dawes
D.tu <oii,Eden, Edgetton, Eldnd"'";, Finck, Gannon, Guder!
Grt-swoid, Hauling, Hainngton, Charles M. Harris, Hernckl
Holman, Hmcitin*, William Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Knapp,
Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Long, Mallorv, Marcv, Marvin,
McDowell, James It. Morris, MorriMjnJ Noble" Pendleton
Samuel J. Iluniall, Robinson, Rogers, l^s, Scofield'
Smith, John B. bieeje. William G Steele, Stiles Sluait'
Sweat, Thomas. Wadt-woith, Ward, Webster, Whalev'
Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, and Fer-
nando Wood—63
NAYS—Messrs. -Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson Ar-
nold, Ashley, John I) Baldwin, Beaman, Boutwe.]l, lloyd
Brandiigyo, Ambrose VV. Clark, Cobb, Cole, Henry Winter
Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Driags, Eekley, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Fenton, Frank, Higby, "Hooper, Hotchkiss, A>ahel
W. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Orlando Kellogg, Littiejohn. Sam-
uel F. Miller, Moorbead, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers,
Leonard Myers, Norton, Chailes CNeill, Orth, Patterson,
Pcrhatn, Pike, Pricc, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice,
Schenck, Shannon, Sloan, Smithers, Starr, Stevens, Thay-
er, Tracy, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Williams, Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Aneona, BaxterjBlair,Broomall,
William G. Brown, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Creswell, Deal-
ing, Denison, Dixon, Donnelly, Dumont, English, Garfield,
Gooch, GrinneH, Ilale, Hall, Benjamin G. Harris, John H.
Hubbaid, Hulhurd, Jenckes, Philip Johnson, Julian, Kas-
son, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Kernan, King, Loan,
Longyear, McAllister, McBrlde, McClurg, Melndoe, Mc-
Kinney, Middleton, William II. Miller, Morrill, Nelson,
Odell, John O'Neill, Perry, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Radford, Wil-
liam II. Randall, Edwaid II. Rollins, James S. Rollins,
Scotr, Spalding, Stebbins, Strouse, Vocfrhees, Elihu B.
War-hhtnne, VVilham B. Washburn, Wilder, Winfield,
Benjamin Wood, and Yeaman—61.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act to regulate the
foreign coasting trade on the northern,' northeast-
ern, and northwestern frontiers of the United
States, and for other purposes; when the Speaker
signed the same.
DAKOTA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER stated the business regularly
in order to be the resolutions reported from the
Committee of Elections in the Dakota contested-
election case, on which the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not intend to de-
tain the House long in the discussion of this
question, for I icnow that gentlemen have become
weaned with these contested-election cases; and
sympathizing somewhat in that feeling myself, I
am the last one to wish to detain the House in
the further consideration of the case. But, sir, it
seemed to me, from the very fact that members
have become wearied with these cases, and that
many gentlemen have a disposition to get rid of
them in the easiest possible manner, that appa-
rently an act of injustice was about to be done to
a friend, and, as 1 believe, a man who is legally
entitled to a seatheie. This fact I say prompted
me to ask the indulgence of the House for a short
time this morning.
I do not entirely concur in the views of either
the majority or the minority of the Committee of
Elections in this case; and in the discussion of it
I shall take, to some extent, a different view from
that laken by the majority of the committee in
their report.
Befoie proceeding to a discussion of the report
of the majority 1 propose to examine for a few
moments the objections made to that report by a
minority of the committee. As I understand it,
the minority ofthecommittec go with the gentle-
man who has introduced a resolution here declar-
ing that neither the sitting Delegate nor the con-
testant is entitled to a seat in-this House. The
only objections that were urged were in reference
to the alleged fraudulent character of the votes
in what is known as the Pembina district, Kitt-
son county, together with the alleged fact, or ar-
gument, rather, presented by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania from the Committee of Elections
[Mr. Scofield] that the returns of the votes
from that county are not in proper form. I dis-
agree with that gentleman in regard to the return
of this vote. I think the return is legally made,
in strict accordance with the statutes of that Ter-
ritoiy. I wish to call the attention of the House
in deciding this matter to one or two points, and
I will put it to any fair-minded lawyer or man in
this House whether 1 am not correct in my con-
clusions. The sections of the statute referred
tu, relied upon by that gentleman to prove that
the returns arc not propeily made, are as follows:
" Section thirty-one,page 981, laws of Dakota, 1862.—On
thf twentieth day alter the close of any election, or sooner if
all the letuius be received,the clerk of the board of county
commissioners, taking to Ins assistance two justices of the
peace of the county, shall ptoceed to open said leturub and
make alh-tractn of the votes in the following manner: the
abstract of the votes for Delegate to Congress shall be on
one sheet; the abstract ol votes for membeis of Nie Legis-
lative Assembly shall he on another sheet, &c.
'* Section thuty-three,page 282.—The cleik of the board
of commissioners, immediately after making the abstracts
of the votes given in his county, shall make a copy ot each
said abstracts and transmit it by mail to the sucretary of
the Territory at the seat of government; and it shall be the
duty of the secretary of the Territory, with the chief justice
and Governor, or a majority of them, to proceed within
fifty days after the election, and sooner if all the returns
be received, to caftvass the votes given for Delegate to Con-
gress."
Now, it is urged that in making out this certifi-
cate the two justices of the peace named in this
act did not sign the returns together with the clerk
of the county commissioners. It will be observed
that the law makes it the duty of the clerk to can-
vass the returns, taking to his aid two justices of
the peace., The clerk is to make the canvass; the
clerk is to make the abstract; the clerk is the man
who is to make the returns to the secretary of the
Territory; and if the two justices of the peace
should add their certificates to that of the clerk,
while it would not vitiate the returns, it would
simply be regarded as so much surplusage.
I am surprised that my friend from Pennsyl-
vania, who declared upon the floor yesterday that
he belonged to the honorable fraternity of the
law, should draw the conclusion he did from the
statute of the Territory of Dakota. It is the clerk
who is to do this, and not the two justices of the
peace. They are called to aid and assist the clerk
for the purpose of attesting by their presence the
fact that a canvass was made, to witness the can-
vass, nothing more. And what is the presump-
tion of law ? The presumption is that a directory
statute of this kind is complied with. Until you
have proved that these two justices of the peace
did not aid and assist the clerk in the perform-
ance of these duties, the presumption of law is
that the law was complied with and the duty per-
forrrffed. .
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not suppose that the"
gentleman designs to misrepresent me, nor do I
allege thathe does misrepresent me in stating that
1 spoke of defective returns. I do say as a law-
yer, and any Pennsylvania lawyer—I do not know
what rules they follow out in illinois—will agree
with me, tliat where the law requires two justices
of the peace to join with the clerk, they must sign
the papers as well as the clerk. But the gentle-
man from Illinois does misrepresent me in refer-
ence to the use 1 made of the incorrect return. I
impeached the election because we had the clear
evidence of witnesses that only six white men
voted, three of them native-born and three foreign-
ers. That the board of judges were composed of
two Indians and one Frenchman; the clerks of
one Indian and one Englishman; and that there
were forty Indians voting and six white men, and
that the balance of 144 votes vveie written out by
a man called u Brother Timothy."
And then when the gentleman's friends come
in and say you did not prove that'within sixty
days—a mere techicality—I said that the returns
did not come from thafrdistrict within sixty days.
The thing was notjheard of in yixty days, and I
stated in reply to the sixty days'technicality that
you did not happen to have the proper certificate
of the two justices as required by the law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania said all that yesterday.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Yes, sir; but you represent
me now as having said something else.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman still
takes exception to the return. He says a Penn-
sylvania lawyer would hold that where a law re-
quires justices of the peace to join the clerk in doing
a thing, they must do it. Well, I imagine a law-
yer from any other place would know that, but
it happens that the statute of Dakota does not re-
quire the justices to join with the cleik. It re-
quires simply that the cleik shall make the return,
"calling to his assistance" two justices; not that
the justices of the peace shall do it with the clerk.
Nor does the law require that the justices shall
make the returns, with the.clerk, to the secretary.
The clerk is to make the return, and that he did.
As to the insinuation about lawyers in Illinois,
I have only to say that we have a common say-
ing in the West, when something impossible, is
to be done, that it would require a Philadelphia
lawyer to do it, and I have no doubt my friend is
so imbued with the spirit of the Philadelphia law-
yers that he is capable to do impossibilities.
Mr. SCOFiELD. I do not know whether a
Philadelphia lawyer could show that three for-
eigners and three natives could make one hundred
and forty-four votes and bring them here and get
this House to allow them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Thatisanothbrpomt..
