1906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
share of taxes as much as loyal men; this is the
on!yplace where they can be reached,and if they
(Jo not pay it, they ought to be subject to the pen-
alty that we impose upon loyal men. I leave it
with the Committee of the Whole to determine as
they may see fit.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out all after
the word "and" in the fifth line. I do so for
the purpose of advocating the striking outof this
section. I do not believe that a single argument
can be made in favor of the imposition of the un-
equal tax proposed by this section. Thegentle-
man from Maine says that it is constitutional.
The Constitution provides that
" Representatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the several States whicti may be included within
tliis Union,according to their respective numbers, which
shall be determined by adding to the whole number oH'ree
persons, including those bound to service for a term of
years, and excluding Indians not taxed, three fifths of all
other persons."
And further:
"No capitation or other direct tax shall be laid unless
ill proportion to the census or enumeration hereinbefore
directed to be taken."
Now, sir, under these provisions, in the ap-
portionment of Representatives we find upon this
floor six Representatives representing the two
Statesof Rhode Island and Connecticut. By the
census of 1860 1 find that the property valuation
of "those two States amounts in Conneciieut to
$444,274,114, in Rhode Island §135,337,588, mak-
ing an aggregate of $579,611,702. The State of
Iowa, which I have the honor to representin part,
has upon this floor six Representatives, and the
total valuation of property in that State accord-
ing to the census of 1860 is $647,338,265, or
$332,273,437 less than the valuation of the prop-
erty of the two States I have mentioned, and yet
under this direct tax the State of Iowa will have
to pay the same-amount that the two States of
Rhode Island and Connecticut will have to pay.
I apprehend there can be no argument in favor
of a tax so unequal and so unjust. 1 do not com-
plain because of the amount proposed to be lev-
ied upon the people of Iowa. The people of that
State are willing io pay the last dollar for the sup-
port of the Government and the suppression of
the rebellion. They are willing to furnish their
last man, and they now stand ten thousand men
ahead of all demands made upon the State by the
President, and the Governor has just tendered ten
thousand men in addition. Therefore I do not
complain of the amount of the burden proposed
to he imposed on the patriotic people of my State,
but for their protection and in view cf their will-,
ing sacrifices I protest against the inequality of
the tax; Isay it is not fair,it is not justto impose
"upon that State—and the same thing applies to
other States—it is not fair to impose upon them
burdens so unequal when they are already bear-
ing more of the burdens of this war than could
be demanded of them.
Unijer the indirect system proposed by this bill
the people of the western States pay their full pro-
portion of all the taxes imposed by the Govern-
ment upon everything consumed by them. They
pay the same tax that is paid by the people of the
eastern States. The full proportion of the West
is met cheerfully and promptly, and we shrink
from no duty or tax, we shrink from furnishing
no number of men that may be called for, but we
ilo ask that in the imposition of taxes by the Gen-
eral Government there shall be equality, and that
the burden shall fall alike upon all sections.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chai rman, this direct
lax is a constitutional tax apportioned, as the
framers of the Constitution believed, in the most
equal manner possible. When you have reached
the last section prior to this of the bill before us,
you will have gathered up all the property, save
real estate, and business of the country and taxed
it alike, so that persona and landed estates are
all that there is left to be taxed. The land of
Iowa or Illinois is worth more than any two or
three States of New England, and perhaps four
or five times that of Vermont, and yet Iowa will
be taxed in proportion to the numbers of her peo-
ple, or twice that of Vermont and half that of
Massachusetts. Ail the manufactures, trades,
and professions are everywhere equally taxed.
All the property represented in banks, insurance
and other companies is taxed alike. In the con-
sumption of merchandise ail pay in proportion to
wtmt they consume, bia ah oot.l: ^"^umealike.
Newly settled States never consume as much of
the costlier rnanufactmes as do older States. They
make more money, but they expend upon per-
manent improvements, buildings, fences, and
stock. Even in the matter of consumption eastern
States are most heavily taxed.
My own State not being according to the cen-
sus quite entitled to three members—obtaining
one upon a fraction—will really be required to
pay more than it ought to pay upon actual num-
bers. That is unequal. We have not increased
since 1860, nor much since 1850. In fact, the at-
tractions of the West to our people are so great
that it entirely drains us of all our increase of
population, and our young men moving away
leaves a less number fit for military service be-
tween the ages of eighteen and forty-five than we
find in western States. It is our misfortune, not
our fault. But Iowa has increased largely in num-
bers since 1860, and the inequality is that her bur-
den is not increased when in fact it sho.uld be.
I should not have argued this matter if it had
not been alluded to by other gentlemen. I think
the tax bill is as equal as any can be, but none
can be entirely so. A direct tax by itself might
be open to some criticism, but in connection with
this internal revenue bill—after you have taxed
accumulated property from which any gain, profit,
or income is derived, in all possible shapes—it
seems to be aboutas equal as anything can be.
In relation to the number of troops furnished
b^Towa beyond the amount called for, my own
State, Vermont, has also furnished nearly two
thousand beyond her quota, and they have long
been in service. All these men receive half as
much and more pay from the State as they receive
from the General Government.
But, Mr. Chairman, the hen we obtain upon
the real estate of rebels through the operation of
the direct tax is worthy of our serious attention.
The title to property sold under such a law is
regarded of a higher character than any other,
and purchasers will pay more for lands so pur-
chased than for lands confiscated in any other
way that it is possible to devise. We shall ^n
this way place larger suips in the Treasury and
mete out justice to those who have so richly
merited it. We can haidly afford to part with
tins section of the bill. It lounds off and com-
pletes the subject.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman from Iowa has i
spoken of the population of his own State. Let 1
me say m relation to Maine that we have five
Representatives to $190,000,000 of valuation, '
making our State just about on a par with Iowa, j
Mr. WILSON. That does not do away with j
the inequality. If the gentleman from Maine j
votes to keep this section in the bill he will be
voting to impose an unequal burden of taxation
upon the people he represents. I now withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. DAWES. 1 renew the umendmentof the
gentleman from Iowa. Idesne to call theatten-
tion of the gentleman from Iowa, who speaks of
the inequality of this tax, to some facts,and I do
it with no disposition to make any invidious com-
parison between the amounts paid by different
States. But the gentleman forgets thathe has been
at work and that we have all been at work here
in making a law that is most unequal upon the
different States.
The gentleman compares his State to the States
of Connecticut and Rhode Island, and yet for the
fiist ten months under the present law the States
of Connecticut and Rhode Island paid about four
times as mup'ri tax as Iowa. The State of Iowa
paid but $285,962 71, while the States of Con-
necticut, and Rhode island paid £,2,379,565 27.
Now, sir, my fuend from Iowa may say thathis
constituents pay back a portion of that tax to the
people of Connecticut and Rhode Island, but
there are just as many men in the States of Con-
necticut and Rhode Island who have to pay this
tax on all they use and consume as there are in
Iowa. In each of the six districts in Connecti-
cut and Rhode Island there are just as many men
as there are in the six districts in Iowa that have
to pay this tax.
Mr. WILSON. I will state in reply that not
only have the people of the six districts of Iowa
been paying back a part of the tax which the peo-
ple of Connecticut and Rhode Island have paid,
but the people of every district in the United
States have been paving it back,
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
was comparing the burden imposed upon his own
State with that imposed upon the States of Con-
necticutand Rhode Island. 1 am notundertaking
to make any invidious comparisons. I know that
his State does not produce as much as Connecti-
cut and Rhode Island, or as Massachusetts does.
Why, my single district in Massachusetts pays
double the tax that the whole State of Iowa does,
and yet there areas many men in my district who
consume these articles and have to pay this tax
as there are in the gentleman's district, and there
are six times as many men in the gentleman's
State to divide that tax among as there are in my
single district. You cannot make it equal, but here
is an approximation to equality proposed by this
direct tax, and to that extentmore equal than any
other provision ofthe bill. It is notentireiyequal,
but not any single provision for a tax in the bill
approximates to equality so much as this direct
tax does, and the first attempt to approximate to
equality makes my friend from Iowa cry out. 1
know it will be hard upun his State and upon all
the western States. I am not here to say that
they are rich; but for God's sake give Massa-
chusetts the broad prairies of Iowa, these mag-
nificent domains, every acre of which is as large
as ten acres of Massachusetts, [laughter;] give
her them, and we will pay your taxes. We have
nothing but ice and granite in Massachusetts,
while every acre in Iowa, as far as the eye can
reach, is equal to the domains that Satan showed
of the kingdoms of the earth in the olden times.
Mr. WILSON. I have only to say in reply,
give Iowa the capital of Massachusetts, and we
will pay your taxes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLM AN. I desire to call the attention
of the committee to the one hundred and nine-
teenth section of the act of July 1, 1862, which
provides that so much of the act entitled "An act
to provide increased rates of imposts to pay in-
terest on the public debt, and for other purposes,'1
approved August 5,1861, as imposes a direct tax
of $20,000,000 on the United States,shall be held
to authorize the levy and collection of one tax to
that amount, and that no other tax shall be levied
under and by virtue thereof till the 1st of April,
1365, wiien the same shall be m full foice and
effect. It will be undeistood that that section is
itself repealed already by the section adopted on
the motion of the gentleman from Vermont, so
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania may well
move to strike out the pending section.
Mr. DAWES. I'withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move to amend by
striking out the one hundred and seventy-third
section,and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
And he it fuither enacted, That the one hundred arid
nineteenth section of an act entitled "An act to piovide
internal revenue to auppott the Government, and to pay
interest on the public debt," appioved July 1, 188^, shall
remain in fuii force.
It is manifest that this ought to come in us a
proviso to the section submitted by the gentleman
fromVermont. If there ever was a solemn assur-
ance made by the House it was in the adoption
of that section of the act of 1st July, 1862, for the
suspension of the direct tax for two years. It
was deemed a matter of the utmost importance
that the internal revenue bill then under consid-
euxtion should pass with such unanimity as to
give it the greatest degree of mora! force; and that
point—the suspension of the direct tax for two
years—was conceded as a fair compromise. The
gentleman from Vermont, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and others, viewed it certainly in
that light as a fair compromise measure.
Now, I wish to say that if we expect this meas-
ure to pass with unanimity, as it ought to, we
must adopt a principle of taxation which imposes
duties on the property of the country and not on
the persons. Property is the legitimate subject
of taxation in our republican form of government.
The nature of things requires that taxation should
be levied on the property and wealth of the coun-
try, while the principle of this direct tax imposes
it on persons.
Mr. KING. Mr. Chairman, I have been a
listener during the whole progi ess of this bill, and
have intended all the while to vote for it, because
I see very clearly and know that this Government
cannot be sustained in the emergency in which it
is now placed unless we have revenue. But I um
