860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
cuting the war. Our supremacy at sea also en-
abled us greatly to cripple our enemies in pro-
curing supplies from foreign countries, and in
preventing them from receiving such supplies.
• The principal wealth of the nation was to be
found in the northern States. The credit of the
Government being good, that wealth was at its
perfect command. The hearts of the people of
the States adhering to the old Union .being true
to the Government under which their prosperity
had been so great and their liberties and happi-
ness so secure, every man was ready to peril all
to save that Government. On the other side were
six million people, with a government not yet
fully inaugurated, without money, without credit,
without ships, scantily provided with the muni-
tions of war, their ports closcd by a blockade
maintained by a sufficient force to command the
respect of the civilized world; and, worse yet for
them, with more than one half their own people,
held in subjection by the strong arm of power,
ready at any moment when that power should be
broken to join hands with the armies of the Union
and complete the overthrow of the rebel power
by reestablishing State governments under the
Federal Constitution, and thus maintaining the
Union in all its original proportions.
Mr. Chairman, the rebel power being so weak
as we have seen in July, 1861, ought it not ore
this to have been overthrown? We had twenty-
three million people on the side of the Govern-
ment, three millions of whom were scattered
throughout the States in revolt. Only three ntil-
lions of the entire population of the country were
willing adherents of the cause of the rebellion; and
each one of the.se had a neighbor whose prayer
was for the salvation of the Union, and whose
eye would brighten with joy at sight of the stars
and stripes waving again beneath a southern sun.
How easy would it have been for our overwhelm-
ing numbers, seconded by one half the popula-
tion of the insurrectionary districts, marching on
in the spirit of the President's inaugural address
and of the proclamation of Apul 15, 1861, care-
ful " to avoid any devastation, any destruction
of or interference with property, or any disturb-
ance of peaceful citizens in any part of the coun-
try," and carrying out the policy of the Critten-
den resolution, to have swept before them every
vestige of armed opposition, leaving in their rear
State governments upheld by Union citizens, with
a majority in each to maintain such governments.
Unfortunately for this country such'has not been
the policy pursued.
Upon the meeting of Congress in December,
1861, commenced the struggle of the radicals to
force their measutes upon the country. The con-
stitutional doctrine of the jnaugural address rela-
tive to slavery was spurned. Instead of thecon-
cihatory policy of the proclamation of April 15,
1861, guarantying the protection of property and
of peaceful citizens by our armies, a confiscation
act was placed on the statute-book which, if ear-
ned out, would not only virtually dextioy the
institution of slavery, but beggar almost every
family in the South and render their country a
desolate waste. The Crittenden resolution which
had received the solemn sanction of the same men
at the extra session in July, 1861, was violated
with impunity; and a detei munition was niani-
iested by them that the local institutions of the
States should not be lespeeted, and that the war
should never cease until the laws and institutions
of the southern States were made to conform to
the opinions of the abolitionists. The slavery
question, upon winch the southern people had
always been more jealous of Federal interference
than on any ot her, was brought more prominently
before Co ngiess than ever before. The paitisan
schemes of the Republican party, some of which
were regarded as unconstitutional and uiinousto
the country by nearly one half of the northern
people, were pressed upon Congress and the coun-
try with intemperate zeal and a manner most of-
fensive. Such of their schemes as they could nut
carry out by legislation they besought the Presi-
dent, under the "war power," to enforce upon
the people at the point of the sword. Though
sometimes repelled, by bunging " ptes>>ure" to
bear upon the weak nerves of the Executive they
always triumphed in the end.
Mi Chairman, if the change of polie.y fiorn con-
seivative to ladical has improved the condition of
the country, the President, being responsible for
the change, will make its benefits appear in as
strong a light as possible. He shall speak for him-
self. In his message delivered to Congress at the
openingof thepresentsession, thePresident says:
" The ichel holders cue prised btill further back, and by
the complete opening of the MiD^-ippi the country dom-
inated by the rebellion is divided into distinct paits, with
no practical connection between them. Tennessee and
Arkansas have been t-ubotantially cleared of insurgent con-
tiol, and influential citizen* ot cach, owners of slaves and
advocates of slav-ry at the beginning of the rebellion, now
dcchue openly for emancipation m the respective States.
Of those States not included m the pmaneipation procla-
mation, Maryland and Missouri, neither of winch three years
ago would tolerate any restraint upon the extension of
slavery into new Territories, only dicpute now as to the
best mode of removing it within their own limits. Of
tho-^e who were slaves at the beginning of the rebellion,
full one hundred thousand ate now m the United Stales
military service, about one half of which number actually
bear arms in the innks, thus giving the double advantage
of taking so much labor fiorn tfce insurgent cause and sup-
plying the places winch otheiwise mu^tbe filled with so
many white men. tio far a& tested, it is difficult to say
they are not as good soldiers as any.-'
Here are the substantial fruits of all the ex-
penditure of blood and treasure since the an-
nouncement was made by the President that in
all the insurrectionary States except South Caro-
lina a majority of the people were favorable to the
Unkrti. To him whose heart's only desire in this
contest is to see the Union restored under the Con-
stitution, with the reestablishment of the former
peace, happiness, and prosperity of this country,
what has been the gain of these long months of
toil and suffering? True,Tennessee and Arkan-
sas have been substantially cleared of insurgent
control, and some of their citizens who were for-
merly furious advocates of slavery extension have
doubtless been conquered by this Administration,
whether by weapons manufactuied by Secretary
Chase or by heavier metal it is not my province
to inquire. But what has become of the major-
ity of the citizens of each of those States who m
July, 1861, stood ready when the rebel power
should be removed to rally around the old flag,
and to again place the governments of their States
in harmony witW the Constitution of the United
States? I think that the loss of these men, who
were honestly for the Union two yeais ago, is not
well supplied by all the negroes now in the service
of the Government, with whateveraid may be re-
ceived from tke few white men who will swear to
support all of the President's proclamations.
The cooperation of a majority of the citizens of
these States m the attempt now being made to re-
organize State governments would fix Tennessee
and Arkansas so firmly m the Union as to place
them beyond the possibility of rebel control.
The fiative merit of conservatism and radi-
calism in their effects m restoring the Union may
be easily summed upfiom the Piesident's mes-
sages. In July, 186J, when the horrible phantom
of this fratricidal war had barely made itself vis-
ible to the people, more than one half of the voters
m each of the insun ectionary States, save one,
were finnly attached totheUnion. In December,
1863, after two years and a half of war, most of the
time under a radical policy, the President thinks
that perhaps one tenth of the population, in some
of the rebel States, may be almost ready to rjinge
themselves on the side of the Union. Should the
Union cause continue to recede for two years to
come as it has during the ? wo years last past, the
President will be compelled to diaw on his Afri-
can friends for loyal men to fill the offices.
Mr. Chairman, the proclamation of amnesty
accompanying the President's recent annual mes-
sage is totally at variance with the Constitution
of the United Spates. If, as all conservative men
claim, the seceded States arc in the Union, their
ordinances of secession being null and void be-
cause irpugnant to the Constitution, then cleatly
Mr. Lincoln has no 1 ight to presci ibe terms upon
which State governments shall be allowed to exist.
If, on the other hand, as claimed by the distin-
guished gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
ven's,] the seceded States are out of the Union,
and the territory within the confederate States is
foreign territory, the Presidenthas no right to re-
organize State governments over that territory
upon any terms, because the Constitution express-
ly pi ovules that " Congress may admit new States
into the Union," and when States are carved out
of this foreign territory they are new Suites.
This executive plan of reconsu uetiost, like all the
outrages perpetrated by this Administration, is
promulgated in the name of the Union.
The people have submitted to so many infringe-
ments of their chartered rights, because each sepa-
rate act of usurpation was alleged to be neces-
sary to the success of the Union cause, that the
men in power have become bold and reckless in
their assaults upon the Constitution. We have
had many instances of wanton oppression of in-
dividuals by the President and others acting un-
der his authority. The freedom of the press has
been stricken down. Citizens, arrested without
warrant of law, have been denied the privilege of
"a speedy public trial by an impartial jury" of
the country. Others have been banished from
their homes for freely canvassing the conduct of
men in public office. Freemen have been driven
from the polls by military forces acting under the
orders of the Administration, whereby men have
been elected to seats on this floor in opposition to
the known will of their constituents. And finally,
to cap the climax of usurpation and tyranny, the
President, seeking of his party a nomination for
reelection, attempts to subject to his absolute con-
trol ten States, by excluding all citizens from a
participation m the elections except those who
have sworn base subserviency to his will.
This proposition coming on the eve of a presi-
dential election, made by the Commander-in-Chief
of the Army and Navy of the United States, who
is also a candidate for President, is the most alarm-
ing and dangerous attempt that has ever been made
in this country to override the will of the people.
An election held under such circumstanceswould
be worse than a mockery. Where the necessity of
going through the empty forms of an election when
no man is allowed to approach the polls unless he is
bound by the solemnities of an oath to support the
policy of one of the candidates? Pie cannot vote
against that policy without disqualifying himself
as a voter, for he is not only required to take the
oath, but, if he fails to comply with it, in doing
which he must support the President's policy, he
is no longer a voter. Call you that an election,
when each voter gives expression not to his own
will but the will of the President? If the Presi-
dent has the right, under the power given him in
the Constitution of the United States " to grant
reprieves and pardons for offenses committed
against the United States," to require an oath of
the criminal that he will support the measures of
a certain political party, may he not also exact an
oath from him to support a particular candidate
to carry out that policy? If the latter condition
may be affixed and applied to all the citizens of
ten States without reference to the guilt or inno-
cence of the parties, why not. dispense with the
elections entirely, and as a condition of pardon for
some real or supposed offense require the people
of those States to take an oath to support and
maintain the President in office for life or for an-
other term of four years without any election at
all? And if the Piesident may require an oath
from all the citizens of ten States to support his
partisan policy, as a condition precedent to the
exercise of the elective franchise, may he not re-
quire a similar oath of all the citizens of all the
! States? Your answer to this is, that they have
not been guilty of treason, hence do not require
executive clemency to restore them to forfeited
rights. The proclamation of amnesty requires
Union men who have never withdrawn their alle-
giance from the Government to take a felon'soath
before they are permitted to exercise the piivi-
leges of American citizens. I read from the proc-
lamation:
v£ VVheieas it is now desired by fomo persons licretofoie
engaged in said rebellion to resume their allegiance to the
Umtud States, and to leniaumuate loj al state governments
within and for then- respective ritate*: Theretore,
u I, Aluaham Lincoln, President ol the United States, do
piocicutu, ctaie. and make known to all prison- who
have, directly or by implication, participated in the exist-
ing rebellion, except, a^ hennnattei excepfd, that a lull
p'udon ks hereby gianted to tlicm and oacit oi'thcui, with
restoration of all rights ofpiopeity, except a* to slaves, and
in piopuiiy case- whine rights of ihnd panics Mial! have in-
tervened, and upon the condition that eveiv sueh p^r-on
shall take and nbo an o.ith, and thencefoi ward keep
and maintain taid oath' inviolate ; and which oath shall he
teghteied to  peimanent pru-eivation, and shall be of the
tetioi and effect following, to wit:
•"J, do solemnly swear, in presence of
Almighty God, that i will heucetoith raithfullv support,
piotect, and defend the Constitution of the United States,
and flic union of tin- glutei (liereundei; and that 1 wilJ.Jn
lik" ntannej. nhide hy and truthfully ^ippoit all acts of Con-
gress passed dunng the existing leheihon with reference to
biavov, so 1 o11^ and so far as noticpeah d, modified, orheld
void l)> Oongie^fjor hy decision of the iSupieme Court; and
that I will, ui like manner, abide by and faithfully support
