1908
Till CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
No objection being made, the amendment was
received and agreed to.
Mr. K-ASSON. I ask now, since we have
commenccd to go back, that we shall do it in the
regular order,
Mr. MORRILL. A'single verbal amendment
more, and' I will yield to that suggestion. In line
three, page 135, in the section in reference to
brokers,the words "sterling exchange" are used.
They should be "foreign exchange." 1 move
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In the same section, in line
twenty-four, 1 move to strike out the words
"sterling exchange" and insert " foreign ex-
change."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. Also, in line thirty-six, I
move the same amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I ask unanimous consent to
move to amend section ninety-one, in line one
hundred and eighteen, where provision is made
for duty on candy, by inserting after the word
" sold" the words " by the box, package, or."
No objection being made, the amendment was
received and agreed to.
Mr. YEAMAN. I ask unanimous consent to
go back to section eighty-nine, page 112, where
provision is made that manufactured tobacco,
snuff, or cigars may be transferred, without pay-
ment of the duty, directly from the place of man-
ufacture to a bonded warehouse established in
conformity with law, &c., in order to amend by
inserting after the word" manufaeture"the words
"or place of stemming," and also by inserting
after the word " warehouse" in a subsequ'entpart
of the section, line forty-four, the same words.
No objection being made to going back, the
amendment was received.
Mr. STEVENS. It strikes me the Uuited
States has no juiisdiction of the place of stem-
ming, and if I understand the amendment, 1 am
opposed to it.
Mr. YEAMAN. I can explain the reason for
theamendmcnt. Thegentleman will observe that
on page 131 stemmed tobacco ia included among
the kinds of tobacco which are subject to a duty
of thirty cents a pound. In the section which I
propose to amend a drawback is allowed upon
manufactured tobacco, snuff, and cigars. But ihrs
tobacco, not being manufactured, is stemmed and
put away in hogsheads, in sheds and tobacco
houses on the farms and plantations. Now this
section provides that tobacco may be brought
from the place of manufacture to the bonded ware-
house for the purpose of exportation; but stemmed
tobacco not being deemed manufactured, cannot
be so removed. My amendment is to remedy that
defect, so that stemmed tobacco may be brought
to those bonded warehouses for the purpose of
exportation.
in reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania 1
will say that-the place of stemming can be ascer-
tained ju&t as ea&ily as the place of manufacture.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 think there will be no
practical difficulty in the execution of the law as
it now stands. 1 trust the amendment will not
be adopted.
Mr. KING. Jt will be remembered that in con-
sidering this section we insetted after the words
ii manufactured tobacco" the words stemmed
tobacco." Now the woids proposed to be in-
cited by the gentleman from Kentucky refer to
the words " stemmed tobacco," and provide that
it may be removed from the place of stemming to
these bonded warehouses.
Mr. ROUTWELL. If the gentleman from
Kentucky will listen, 1 can satisfy him that what
he desires is already securc.d by the law. On
page 131 stemmed tobacco is taxed thirty cents,
and nil the varieties enumerated and taxed in that
auction are made a manufacture by the law itself,
it is not a question whether it is a manufacture
or not, because it is made a manufacture by the
law for the purpose of taxation. Now on page
112, in the section the gentleman proposes to
amend, it is provided that manufactured tobacco—
and that includes stemmed tobacco—may be re-
moved from the place of manufacture to a bonded
warehouse. Therefore I understand the gentle-
man's object is already secured by the necessary
construction to be given to the law.
Mr. YEAMAN. I desired to cure all doubt
upon the subject.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BEAMAN. Now that we are upon the
subject of tobacco I hope that the tax of thirty
cents imposed in section ninety-three upon cav-
endish, plug, twist,&c., will be increased to thirty-
five cents, so as to make it correspond with the
duty imposed on cut tobacco in the next clause.
Mr. FENTON. As the object of this is to
change the tax on plug, twist, cavendish, and
manufactured tobacco not otherwise provided for,
to the same tax which is placed upon fine-cut, 1
hope it will prevail.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. As the committee have
already passed upon that subject, I object to go-
ing back.
The CHAIRMAN. The objection comes too
late, as the Chair asked if there was any objec-
tion to the introduction of the amendment, and
the Chair heard none.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I objected as soon as I
could ascertain what the amendment was.
Mr. BEAMAN demanded tellers on his amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Beaman and
J. C. Allen were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 56, noes 37.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the one
hundred and thirteenth section, on page 354,
which is as follows:
Sec. 113. */ind be it further enacted, Thntallarticles upon
which duties are imposed by the provisions ot this act,
which shall be found hi the possession of any person or
persons for the purpose of being sold by such person or per-
sons? in fraud thereof and with the design to avoid payment
of saui duties, may be seized by any collector or deputy
collector who shall have reason to believe that the same
are possessed for the purpose afoiesaid,and the same shall
be forfeited to the United States. And the pioceedmgs to
enforce said forfeiture shall be in the nature of a pioceed-
iug in rem in the circuit *>r district court of the United
States tor the district where such seizure is made, or in
any other court ot competent jurisdiction. And any per-
.-uii who shall have in his possession any such articles for
the purpose of selling the same, with the design of avoid-
ing pa) mentof the duties imposed thereon by this act, shall
be liable to a penalty of $100, to be recovered as hereinbe-
fore provided.
That is alieady included in section forty-seven.
The motion was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee will now
go back to page 97, where a section was reserved.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Michigan. There were
two amendments made on page 209. 1 ask unani-
mous consent of the House to go back to that
point to make a further amendment.
Several Members objected to going back.
Mr. BALDWIN,ofMichigan. I desire simply
to correct a mistake.
Tfie CHAIRMAN. Objection is made; and
the Chair has no control over the matter.
Mr. KASSON. On pages 27 and 28 there was
a section reserved.
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest thtxi we commence
in order. I hope the committee will allow the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] to pro-
ceed with all his amendments, as they relate to
the same subject, and some of them come before
and others after sections relating to other subjects
which have been reserved.
Mr. HOLM AN. Will the gentleman state
what are those clauses?
Mr. MORRILL. They are in relation to mak-
ing the penalties uniform throughout the bill.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I de&iie to go back for a
moment to another part of the bili; and let me
make a statement first.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Michigan. I object.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. 1 merely wish to correct
an error which we have inadvertently fallen into.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. That was
all the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Baldwin]
proposed to do.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that both gentlemen
may be allowed to go back.
Mr. PENDLETON. It is too lung a bill to
go hack on.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection ia made to going
back.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I hope-I may beallowed
to state my proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no control
over the matter.
'Mr. HOTCHKISS. I hope the gentleman
from Michigan will withdraw his objection.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Michigan. I cannot do
so. I asked the same privilege a moment ago and
it was denied me.
Mr. PENDLETON. I have a number of
amendments to offer relating to the question of
penalties.
Mr. KASSON. Is it understood to be theorder
of the committee that the gentleman from Ohio
shall proeppd with his amendments first?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that that is the first question reserved by the
committee. Is there objection to the gentleman
from Ohio offering all his amendments seriatim?
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. RADFORD. 1 ask consent to offer an
amendment.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I object.
Mr. PENDLETON. On page 8, section
eight," I move to strike out all after the word
"appointed," in line twenty-eight, down to the
end of the section, as follows:
And every assessor or assistant assessor acting in the
said otiice without having taken the said oath or affirma-
tion shall forfeit and pay $100, one moiety thereof to the
use of the United Stales, and the other moiety thereof to
him wlto shall first sue for the same, with costs of suit.
I would say before the vote is taken on that
amendment, that 1 propose in a great many sec-
tions of the bill to strike out the penalties where
they are isolated and connected with other mat-
ters to which they are not pertinent, and to
collect all the penalties together in a single sec-
tion. 1 shall proceed with as much order as I
can in striking out, but it may be that some time
will elapse before I shall be able to reunite the
penalties in a single section.
Mr. MORRILL 1 suggest to my colleague
from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] that he allow the
sections to be read from the Clerk's desk.
Mr. PENDLETON. I will send up to the
Clerk's desk the different parts of sections pro-
posed to be struck out, and the section which I
propose to have offered as a substitute for them.
The Clerk read the following parts of sections
proposed to be struck out.
Stuke out from section eight the following:
And every assessor or assistant assessor actmgin the said
othee without having taken the said oath or affiimation
>liall forfeit and pay §100, one moiety thereof to the use of
the United Stales and the other moiety thereof to him who
shall fust sue for the same3 w ith com  of suit.
Strike out from section nineteen the following:
And if any assistant assessor shall fail to peiform any
duty assigned by this act within the time prescribed by hi:*
precept, wairant, or other legal instructions, not being pre-
vented therefrom by sickness or other unavoidable acci-
dent, every such assistant usse^or shall be dischaiged -
from ofhoe. ami shall, moreover, forfeit and pay $200, to be
lecovered lor the u-e of the United State*, with costs of
suit.
Strike out from section twenty-one the follow-
ing:
And in default of performance of the duties enjoined
upon assessors by this section they shall severally and in-
dividually forfeitand pay the sum of $500 to the use of the
United States, and, moreover, shall forfeit their compensa-
tion as aesessois. And incase it shall be found or discov-
ered by any assessor that the annual list so furnished to
the proper collector, as aforesaid, is imperfect or incom-
plete, owing to the names of poisons, firms, ooiporations,
or objects liable to tax or dut> being omitted therefrom,
the said assessor may, from time to time, at any tune there-
after, enter on his special lists all such objects of duty or
taxation, with the names of poisons owning or having the
care or superintendence ot pioperly lying within said dis-
trict liable to said tax oi duty, or engaged in any"hiKme«.s
or pursuit requiring a license, with the sums payable by
each, as he shall discover to have been omitted as afore-
said ; and the same pioceedmgs shall obtain and be had
with respect to such obiccts of duty or tax as are bv this
act required in respect to objects of duty or taxes, and per-
sons liable to tax legularly entered and returned on any
special lists: Provided, That the office or principal place
of business of the said assessor shallbe always open when
he is not necessarily absent tneretrom during the business
hours of cach day, for the hearing of appeals by parties
wno shall appear voluntarily befoie him: Provided fur-
ther, That it shall be in the power of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue to exonerate any assessor, as aforesaid,
from forfeitures, in whole or m part, as to him f-hali ap-
peal just and equitable.
And insert at the end of section thirty-one the
following:
Jlnd be xt further cnacted, That every assessor or assist-
ant assessor who shall enter upon and perform the duties
of his office without having taken tti« oath or affirmation
prescribed by this act, or who shall fail to peiform any of
the duties prescnbed by this act, at times and in the man-*
ner lieiein designated, not being prevented by sickness or
other unavoidable accident, or who shall knowingly.nmke
any false or fraudulent list or valuation or assessment, or
