2884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
J^ing on the table. Great excitement prevailed. The can-
vas* was never completed. The crowd rushed in (page
159) and took possession of the ballot-box, poll-books, and
ballots, and proceeded then to hold a new election."
The committee were of opinion that the conduct of all
parties engaged m this transaction was dis-graeefu) and
fraudulent, and that no votes should be counted from that
precinct.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I be-
lieve there is no charge in this case, at least there
is no charge supported by any evidence whatever,
that the contestant is in any manner implicated
with any fraud in the election. There is no evi-
dence in the case that he is implicated or con-
nected with any fraud so far as the other pre-
cincts and counties are concerned, than the Pem-
bina district.  ■
The Committee of Elections find in Bon Homme
county, as they think, sufficientevidence to vitiate
the entire returns, and they have thrown out the
returns altogether. I think that they did wrong.
What has been read will show that we have the
uncontradicted testimony of a man who swears
that he counted twenty-five men who voted for
Todd, which with his own vote would make 26.
These were thrown out. They saw evidence of
an effort to commit a fraud at that election. The
man who was first appointed judge of the election
was excluded and a fellow'called "the Dutch
boy" substituted in his place, from the fact that
the judges of the election would not allow any
one to witness the canvass of the votes. Prom these
and various other facts connected with that elec-
tion they thought that there was evidence of an
intention to commit fraud. This man, judging
from his deposition, is an intelligent, worthy man.
He stood at the polls and requested every man to
vote an open ticket so that they might sec who
voted for Todd and who voted for Jaync. He
counted, as he swears, 25 votes for Todd, and he
Says that there were fourteen others who would
pot snow their tickets. 'When the citizens de-
manded the right to witness the canvass after the
election was over and they refused it; when, be-
coming clamorous, they were admitted and de-
tected the fraud, that the ballot-box had been
stutlVd dining thchour they had adjourned for
dinner; it is proved that when they had detected
tins fraud and charged it home upon the judges
of the election, they in disgust threw the 'ballots
away and refused to complete the canvass.
% _ It does seem to me that the Committee of Elec-
tions should have allowed the good votes, which
they could have sifted out in this county. If they
had done that, giving Todd 25 votes, and giving
tO Jayne the 14 votes thut this innn swvtlrs he
saw voted by men who would not show their bal-
lots, you will still elect Todd, even if you throw
out Pembina—Todd is still elected' by the votes
of the people of Bon Homme county.
The next is that of Brul£ Creek niecinct, I think
that there is no contest between the majority and
minority of the Committee of Elections about
this and that they agree that tins vote should be
excluded. 1 only mention it to show the general
character of this transaction, and thp complicity
ot the sitting Delegate with this fraudulent elec-
"^Uon.
in the case of the Brule Creek precinct the evi-
dence shows that ihey opened the polls nt mid-
night Sunday night before the day appointed by
law for that, election, and at a house ditto rent fiorn
(lie one whers it was advertised to be held At
the dead hour of night, by the dim light of' little !
tallow candles, which only Served to make their
dai It ci uae more dark and hideous, they attempted
to perpetrate the great crime of defeating the free
exercise by the^eopls of the elective tiam-hise!
Who did this? The friends of the sitting Dele- •
gate. I he evidence shows that the sitlui"- Dele-
gate was there a few days befoie, and that he '
ilien the Governor of the Turn lory, told lfle'vi '
voters that they had a right to vote. Then and
there the plan was cut and dried, concocted and
I'rvoltl° tlle peo,)le alld defeat the popu-
Somc fellow with a Dutch name had a method ;
O. naturalizing persons and giving them certifi- !
•Vies Winch would entitle them to vote. On., man i
Y>ted UH another and the ballot-box was stuifetl
W rime o Clock ;ne next day, the hour appointed !'
"ol<il S We election, they moved to the Mace 11
appointed and „g,Un opened the polls and held i
another election there. The rommittue did well !
m excluding the canvass of that nrccmct, k
While upon this point I wish to refer to a little
of the testimony in regard to Brule precinct. On
page 84 of the testimony I find the evidence of
Timothy Andrews, as follows:
of
"QueUion 4. Were you present when this ballotin,
which you speak, first commenced ?
" Answer. I was not. I was, at the commencement, up
stans, in bed ; irard £f noise below stair.", and went down
to see what it was about; found u number of'peisons in
the room; saw three men sitting at a table, with a ballot-
box in front of them. One man was writing. Dr. A. It.
PhiUips and Thaddeus Andrews, my son, were two of the
persons seated at the table. They were acting as judges
of the election then pompon. Mr. Gore handed me a ticket
as boon as I got into the toom. T took the ticket, which
was a Jayne ticket, handed it to Dr. Phillip*, the judge,
who put it in the hov. Immediately after this, Mr. Gore
stepped up to Dr. Phillips and said*he voted this ticket
(winch he banded to Dr. Phillips) for anothermun, whose
name he mentioned, but do not remember it. He observed
that the man was absent from the Territory, and he would
vote for him. Dr. Phillips then placed thevote in the box.
Qmstion 5. You have stated fh.it you arrived in this
Teiritory on the 2d day ot July, 18G9, and you voted. Why
did you vote at this election, not having been m this Ter-
ritory, as required by law, ninety days previous to said
election?
Tiovcruor William Jayne and Mr. Glaze came
to my hou^c eight or ten days he(oie election, and Governor
Jayne told me that X had a right to vote, and upon his au-
thority 1 did \ote."
This Glaze was the man who did the natural-
izing.
The Governor of the Territory instructed the
men that they had the right to vote, when he must
have known that they had no right. Under his
direction, and by his authority as Governor of
the Territory, they voted, and he now holds a
seat in this House. There is more testimony of
a simitar character.
While upon the subject of the complicity of the
sitting member with these transactions 1 wish to
end the attention of the House to the testimony
of James Falkinburg, to be found on page 18;
<;Q,?/csh'o« 4. Wcie you a voter at this September elec-
tion ; and it ?o, wheie ?
i:Jlusiccr. 3 was j I voted at Yankton, Yankron countv,
Dakota Teiritory.
'•Qnc^tio-i VVere jou otVied any money for your vote
at flux eh ction ; and it j-o, by whom ? ^tate ail the cucum-
slrUiees and paiheiiia'^; h<nv much was paid you, and in
what maunet \ou were pan!; answer fully.
Jv/jii'uei. \e>, pii; i wa«. offered money bj Governor
V\ iliiam Jayne on the day ol t lection, lie cam#1 to me on
election day, on the plntibnn m liont of the A-h hotel; he
a-du'd in#> to vo*e foi him, 1 told linn lie had not done as
he attired to. He a-k«-d me vvls.it he h.id not done, that he
had agieed to do. I told linn that he had agieed to finish
up the hou-r beloni'.uff to me toi the u-e of the Dakota
cav.ihy company; mat he had ti-ed the lmu?e forthat pur-
Pomm wo month.-1, and tha' he had not done it, and thut J
could h.iv'e rented it had it been iiifd n^ as per a^eeim-nt,
and that it had been ude tinee months in consequence.
He *,ud ihat he vv,mh) «iuki that all u^ht with me. He
then went lor l<ienten;ait Fouk-i, f]U.iit«,rma,-ter of the
Dakota cavalry conijianw and came hack to me in his com-
pany, where 1 wa- t-LaiutUif^; we then held a convocation
in {lie ir,ir ol C'dhunes - ^aioon. Jtivne and Fowler told
mo tli#'v would (five me fjueen dolhw* per month for the
use of the building lor tluee months, while it was iym 
idle.provided 1 would vote lor Governor Jayne. Thsscon-
vur-Jitmn wa-, about  o«m on the day of the eh etion ; [
had not voted nt,the tmio. And Fowlei told me to come
to hi- ojiiee, and he would pive me a voucher for ioity-
livothdlai-. l d,:l not s;i> m he otfi< e till a day or two after
the election ; bill did go there, and he gave me the voucher
foi tin-? sum ot toil) five uoliais. Tin# only c^on^ideiation
h>r thi-j -um ot torty five dollar* was my aioeem" to vote
foi GoVei nm Willnm Ja\ne lor Delegate to < 'oncre-b.
Tlnv imthei j.^ieed mat they would continue to occupv
the fan Id i n;*, lor tin* u-e nl i he Gov 'iment. atti'.leen dollais
[><•1 month.aiiu n> ike -o:ii! en pro v < moot* and re pan   Upon
■l ; but the'havt1 not lu'lv < ompirted lite fjj)i>-hniir of '
bmldmo;. They have continued io pay r.ie tot it undei this
nsrcement, thou h they have made veiy inile u-«e of it."
[ ak
tO ijL'
)n -1. Did \ ou leceiVe any sum oi inonov for vour
voteior O'ih-LMieto Uon?,.^; it >o. what sum, and irom
whoni <iid jou receive it
"tdmn-er. i dkt leeeiv
tO (\)!!L'IC^. j It'CLlV
crno. Vv'ili.am Jayne e.ene to mo on ti.e day of t'"fcuon
 i,d asked me to vote lot him ; and if 1 d>d ?o he would
pay me twenty dollar**, lie then diew iiom Ins pocket
seventeen doMais ,um! gave it tome,«-a\mij that tUat wan all
nad wnii liini; w Inch money I icot'ived, and told lum I
Would vote hi. lorn.
"Question 5. Ueie you approached on the subject ol
voting at thai election by any one tlse?
c*~hisu «')* 1-.ir; I received t\' o dollai< from Lamson
as an addit.ona! inducement to vote tor Jayne toi Delegate
on the day ot election, r^vious to the election diy >Sui-
vcyorGoneial Hill told me the.* he hud a pair of. ilx at Lac
ri!\ i uw ,t, winch he would me -f i wnukl vofo ioi
W nliam Ja> ne tor Ijeh' afe to Cous -e.--.
''QiCu'ton 6, Do \uu knowofari} one '-Ise who received
any money as a consideration from William Jujne to vote
tor him? . «. >
''Jlm-cer. I did not .soe Jayne give any one else anv
i«oa&y to vote foi him ; but ISontuel Mortiiaci mid mo that
so refer to the ti stimony of Parker "V*. Brown,
found on 30:
teecive money for my vote for Delegate
-tived about seventeen dollar. (Jov-
he got five dollars for voting for William Jayne for Delegate
to Congresp.
'• Question 7. Bid you see Samuel Mortimer at the polls
on this day > and if so, state whether or not he voted.
Yes, sir; I saw him there, and he voted.
£* Question 8. fs Samuel Mortimer now in the Territory?
"Answer. No, sir; he staued fot Missouri ab©ui a month
since.
" Question 9. Who is this Mr. Lamson yon have men-
tioned who gave you two dollaisto vote lor Jayne ?
"Answer. He was at that time clcrk in the surveyor
geneial's office."
Mr.. SCOFIELD. I waivt to ask the genile-
man, if a man who was indorsed by an Illinois
Senator, and who was clerk jii the post office,
was therefore not a credible witness, whether he
will put much reliance upon a man who swears
that he got seventeen dollars from one man, two
dollars from another, and the promise of a pair of
elk from another, for voting?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not know that I
would upon his testimony alone. But there are
other witnesses who corroborate him. It seems
that fraudulent voting and bribery were almost
universal things up there with-the Jayne party.
But it so happens that it nowhere appears in this
testimony that anybody gave anybody money to
vote for the contestant. It nowhere appears that
the contestant used any bribery, or had any com-
plicity whatever with any of these frauds. If.
gentleman think it would be just to exclude both
the contestant and the sitting Delegate because
one of them iias committed frauds, I cannot sym-
pathize with them. There is no evidence in this
record implicating the contestant with any fraud
in connection with this election.
Now, I pass on to the consideration of thevote
in Chaiies Mix county. The canvassers in this
county excluded the return. They legarded the
voting in this county as so corrupt and vicious
that they excluded it. The Committee of Elec-
tions excluded a portion of the vote and admitted
another portion. They have given from Chaiies
Mix county G2 votes for Jayne and 7 votes for
Todd. Now,, upon what testimony do they do
this? I propose to show to the House that the
election in Charles Mix county was as fraudulent
ancl as corrupt as the election in Brule and Bon
Homme, both of which are excluded by the com-
mittee. If the whole vote is not so vitiated as to
exclude it, Ihere are agreat many which have not
been excluded which should be in this county.
The contestant in this case has taken a great deal
of testimony in regard to the vote in Charles Mix
county. All the witnesses corroborate each other,
and all the testimony tends to show that there
were nearly one hundred Iowa soldiers who voted
at that election, and who had no right to vote.
However, I will pass over the testimony taken by
the contestant in this case, and take up the tes-
timony upon the part of the sitting Delegate as
rebutting testimony.
Now, sir, where it is shown that a man has
perpetrated a' fraud in his own election, and that
at a given precinct a large number of persons
voted who ought not to have voted, what should
be the proper rule to govern us.in considering the
testimony in regard to such a case? Should we
give all the balances and presumptions in his fa-
vor, or should we indulge in any presumptions
in his favor? It seems to me not. It seems to
me that tire presumptions should be against hitn;
that he should be required to make his prouf dem-
and evident as to the number of men who legally
voted at the election and how they voted. But I
find that the Committee of Elections in this ease
has given all the piesumptions to the sitting Del-
egate. Many of the witnesses here testily that
there were eighty or ninety Iowa soldiers v-oting
at the Chaiies Mix precinct; and some other wit- '
nesses testified that there were about seventy.
The Committee of Elections has excluded only
70 votes, taking almost the lowest number desig-
nated^ any witness. 1 hold that the Commit-
tee of Elections should have taken "the highest
number designated by a witness who swears pos-
itively to the number. 1 say that these presump-
tions in favor of this man should not be indulged in.
On page 147 we have the testimony of a man
named Hedges, It is shown by all the witnesses
on the part of the contestant that this man was
actively engaged for the sitting Delegate on the
day of election; that he was circulating whisky,
treating soldiers, and circulating tickets for the
sitting Delegate. He participated largely in the
frauds perpettated. And yet that- man, rack his
