1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1909
shall demand or receive any compensation, fee. or rewnul,
other than those piovided for herein, lor the p'eitormance
ot am du y, or shall Ijj guilty of extortion or wiiUul op-
ptee^ion in olfieo.t-hall, o;i conviction tlien-af in any circuit
or di-.fuet co;jit of the Ujuted States having jim-diction
tJieie</ij ho funjeet to a fine of §500, and to a toneituie of
complication a-> assessor or assistant assessor, or to be im-
prisoned ioi one year, or both, at the disci etion ol the court,
and shall bedismi-ssed trom office, and shall be forever dis-
qualified fjom holding any office under the internal revenue
laws. And half of die fine so imposed shall be for the use
of the United States, and the other half for the use of the
informer, who shall be ascertained by the judgment of the
comt. Andthesaid court shall also render judgment against
tiio said assessor oi assistantasse.-soi furdoubl'ethc amount
of damages sustained, m favor of fhe part) injured, to be
collected by execution.
Mr. COLE, of California. It seems to me, Mr.
Chairman, that the language of the amendment
i.s rather unguarded. Any person may bring- a
complaint against the assessor who is not satis-
fied with til* assessment, it seems to me that
the other provisions of the section are such as to
allow the assessor to be prosecuted by any per-
son who may feel aggrieved by the assessment.
1 think that is too loose.
Mr. PENDLETON. i was not able to catch
the objection of the gentleman from California.
As far as I was able to understand him, it seems
to me that lie objects to the fact that possibly the
informer may be the person aggrieved.
Mr. COLE, of California. Any person who
may think he is aggrieved may prosecute the
assessor m any court of the United States. There-
fore 1 say that the assessor is liable to prosecu-
tion by any person who may think he has been
wrongfully assessed.
Mr. PENDLETOX. If a person commence
a prosecution without cause, lie is liable to be
mulcted in costs. I do not know any way by
v. liich it can be provided who shall or who shall
riot commence a prosecution against an officer.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I desite to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio a question with regard to the
effect of this amendment. The law, as it now
stands, requires the assessors to perform all the
duties imposed by the act, and inflicts a penalty
on him if he neglects any of these duties. There
is, however, no attempt to impose these duties,
unless as they arc set forth in the general pro-
visions of the act. The point to which I wish to
call the attention of the gentleman from Ohio is,
whether he does not in his amendment proceed
to enumerate these duties to be performed by the
assessor, the neglect or violation of which sub-
jects him to penal proceedings, and if so, whether
there is any possibility of doing it m that way.
Mr. MORRILL. For the purpose of giwng
the gentleman from Massachusetts an opportunity
to examine this part of the bill, and consult with
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pexdleton,] I
move that the committee rise. I
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wasiiburne, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill of the House (No. 405) to provide inter- ■
nal levenue to support the Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to proceed with the tax bill .
this evening, instead of the usual order of buei- :
h-s". I hope we shall be able to finish it m com- !
hiitlee til is evening 1
Mr. STEVENS. I object. _ j
The SPEAKER. That is a metier of order of
business which a majority of the House can de- j
oidrt. I
Mr. MORRILL. I think we can get through 1
with the biii to-night, and 1 therefore make the ,
motion. j
The motion was agreed Ij. j
° i
APPROPRIATIONS FOR VOLUNTEERS. ]
Mr. GARFIELD asked unanim ous consent to ,
introduce the following joint resolution:
Rcso'vcJ, 4'c., That the sum of ,^25,000.000 bp. and hereby
N, appropriated out of any money in the public T>en>uiy '
n«>r othei wise appiopnatcd'. for arming, equipping, clothing,
Mib-istin^, Iran-porting, and paying" volunteers vt ho m.iv ;
be reccivi/d h\ the President lor any term not k-as than one
hunched da\s.
There being no objection, the j-ont re-solution
v.av lAirodit'^'d .old i- td •< hr; ) >m>! '< end nun*.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the Clerk to read the
following letter from the Secretary of War:
The Clerk rend the letter, a<* follows:
War Depap.tmi'kt,
Washingion City, April 25, ic34.
Sir: The Governors of Ohm, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa,
and Wisconsin have tendered to tiie President, on the 23d
instant, a laieo number of volunteers from their respective
States forservice during the present campaign. They are
expected to number from eighty to one hundred thousand
men; their term ot* service one* hundred days from muster
in. It is behoved they can render useful service. They
are to he paid no bounty, and are not to diminish or defay
the draft for three years'men in States where the quota of
pending draft is not filled up. Thequota is filled up in In-
diana, Illinois, Iowa, and Wisconsin, and less than ten
thousand are clue from Ohio. The expense of these troops
is not provided for 111 the war estimates heretefore submit-
ted. it irf estimated that $25,000,000 will meet the cost of
one hundied thousand ot the^e extra volunteers. I respect-
fully recommend a special appropriation for that purpose,
and submit a joint resolution for that purpose. The im-
pending operations rundei it expedient that there should be
early action by Congress upon the proposition, so that, if
sanctioned, all needful provisions may be made in due
season.
I have the hnnoi to be, verv respectfully, vonr obedient
seivant, EI)WIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Robftit Sciifnck, Chairman of the Military Com-
mittee of the House of Representatives.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is it pro-
posed to put that joint resolution on its passage
now'
Mr. GARFIELD. It is.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
that the gentleman allow it to go to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, with permission to re-
port it back in the morning.
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not know what we
may have up in the morning. I think we had
better pc\s"s it now.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. la it in order to move
a direct tax of §25,000,000 in order to pay the
appropriation >
The SPEAKER. It is not. The hour for the
recess having arrived, the Chair would suggest
that the time be extended five minutes.
There was no objection.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 move to refer the joint reso-
lution to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will add, with leave to report the joint
resolution at any time.
The SPEAKER. This being an appropriation
bill, the committee will have the right to report it
at any time.
Mr. BROOKS. But it must go to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union if the
point be made.
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent was
given to introduce the resolution and consider it
at this time in the House.
Mi. GARFIELD. I move the previous ques-
■ tion upon the resolution
I The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
| The motion to refer was disagreed to.
■ The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
' grossed and reail a third time: and being en-
1 grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GARFIELD moved the previous question
on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be pu .
| Mr. DAWSON demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The veas and imys were not ordered—ayes II,
■ uo.-s 68.
Mi. ELDI1IDGE. 1 :ii<: point that rio
quorum has voful.
: The SPEAKER. A quuium is not required
on ordering the yeas and nays.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by winch the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
. table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The House then took a recess until seven
o'clock p. m.
"t EVENING SESSION*.
!' The House resumed its session atsesen o'clock
: p. m.
!; COMPENSATION OF INSPECTORS OF CUSTOMS.
Mr. FENTON, by miaiiimousconsent,reported
back Senate bill No. 66, to increase the compen-
sation of inspectors of customs in certain ports.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am op-
posed to the bill and to any increase of salaries.
1 do not object to this bill being taken up if the
gentleman will consent to let me move an amend-
ment that any increase of salary wider the bill
shall not extend beyond the end of the next fiscal
year, 1st of July, 18R5.
Mr. FENTON. I have no objection to the
amendment.
The amendment wa3 agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also movetf
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itselfinto the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itselfinto tho
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Washburne, of lUinois, in the chair,) and
resumed the consideralion of the bill of the House
(No. 405) to provide internal revenue to support
the Government, to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 ask to go back to the par-
agraph "on brick and draining-tiles, a duty of
three per cent, ad valorem," and to insert after the
word " tiles,"" earthen and stone water-pipes;"
and to strike out " and."
There was no objection; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. There was an amend-
ment pending when the committee rose. I have
consulted with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Bobtwell,] and his objection has
been removed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to strike out the
following sections:
Sec. 14. Jlnd be it further enacted, That If any person
shall deliver or disclose to any assessor or assistant assessor
appointed m pursuance of law, any false or fraudulent list,
return, account, or statement, Willi intent to defeat or
evade tiie valuation, enumeration, or assessment intended
to be made, such peison so offending and bojng thereof
convicted in any ciicuitor district court of the United States
held in the district in which such offense may be commit-
ted, shall be fined in a sum not less than fifty dollars and
not exceeding double the sum of which he shall have at-
tempted to defraud the Government, at the discretion of
the court, and shall pay all costs and charges of prosecu-
tion. And the valuation, enumeration, and assessment
required by law in all such cases, and in all cases of under-
valuation or understatement in any lists or returns, shall
be made by the assessor or assistant assessor®, respectively,
upon lists according to the form prescribed; which lisNtho
said assessor and assistant assessors are hereby authorized
and requited to make according to the bust infonnation
they can obtain, and for the purpose of making which they
ate hereby authorized to enter into and upon all and sin-
gular the premises, respectively; and from the valuation,
enumeration, or assessment so maue, there shall be no
appeal.
£ec« 15. JinA leitfurther enacted, That in case any per-
son shall be absent from hie or her place of residence at the
tune an assistant assessor shall call to receive the list or
return, it shall be the duty of such assistant assessor to
leave at such place of residence, with some one of suit-
able ag« and discretion, if such be present, otherwise to
deposit in the nearest post office, a note or memorandum,
addressed to such person, requiring him or her to present
lo such assessoi the list or return inquired by law within
ten dajs from the date of such note or memorandum. And
if any person, on being notified or required as aforesaid,
shall refuse or neglect to give such list or return within the
time required as aforesaid, it shall be the duty ot" the as-
sessor or as i>tant assessor of the distuct within which
such person shall leside to enter into and upon the prem-
ises, if it be necessary, of &ueh person so refusing or neg-
lecting, and to make, aecoidmg to the best information
which he can obtain, and on his own view and informa-
tion, such list or leturn of the property, goods, wares, and
merchandise, and all articles or objects liable to duty or
tax, owned or possessed or under Hie care or management
of such person, including tiie amount, if any, due for license
and income; and in case of refusal to make such list ur
return, tho assessor or assistant assessor shall thereupon
add twenty per cent, to the amount oftheduty or tax; and
in case of neglect, except in case of sickness, to make such
list or return, ten per cent, shall be added to the amount
thereof. And the lists or returns so made and subscribt u
by such assessors or assistant assessors shall be taken and
be reputed as good aud sufficient lists or returns for ail
legal purposes.
Sec. 16. *dnd be Ufurlker enacted. That in case any as-
