2886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
vs. Blair, which is urged on belialf of contestant.
There the deposition was taken by the sitting
member this winter when the House was in ses-
sion, and without application to the House for
leave to take testimony, and on one day's notice,
and while the case svas on hearing before the
committee. The contestant, Knox, had no chance
to rebut it, and it was properly excluded by a
vote of the House. In this instance the testi-
mony of Buckman was taken nearly a year and
a half ago, and when the House was not in ses-
sion, and it was take*) in the presence of the con-
testantand on notice. The contestant was present
during the whole time that the witness was giving
in Ins testimony, and knew all his statements as
sworn to by him, and has had all the subsequent
time lo rebut his evidence if it were untrue. Yet
the contestant ^as not offered a word of proof to
contradict or vary Ruckman's statements,and the
inference is strong that he would have rebutted
this proof had it not been true.
I wish, also, to call attention to some printed
evidence in thus case outside of Mr. Buckman's
testimony, and which has not been noticed thus
far in tins discussion. I refer to the census taken
in July, 3SCI. That census on its face shows
the vote in this Red river district to be fraudulent
and false. On pages 160 to 170 are given the
names, color, age, and sex of the persons who
resided at that time in that section of country.
In the precinct of St. Joseph, where I think that-
election was held, there were of white male citi-
zens over twenty-one years of age, native born
qnd foreign, only twenty-four. In this whole lied
Iltver district there were only forty-two over
twenty-one years of age. I submit to this House
that out of forty-two persons, citizens and foieign-
eis, you cannot legally get 140 votes.
It will be borne in mind that this census in-
cludes not only native-born white citizens but
also all naturalized citizens and white persons of
foreign birth, and it is notorious that a great part
of this population is foreign born. Now, then, I
say that, outeide of the testimony of Buckman,
theu; is testimony corroboiative of his, to show
the non-existence of a requisite population to sus-
tain this vote. I believe the honorable chairman
of the committee will agree with me that this is
a fair allegation. I believe this census was taken
under the organic act organizing the Territory of
Dakota, which provided for taking the census
pieparatory to dividing the Territory into dis-
tricts for electing members of the Territorial Le-
gislature. The census takers in Dakota at this
time would be inclined to make the population as
large as possible in order to increase their repre-
sentation, and certainly had jio interest to report
the population less than it actually wus.
And I wish now to state another fact which
appears in the evidence in this case us corrobo-
iative of tins very claim of fraud. It is that this
Territorial Legislature of Dakota, since that elec-
tion, has repealed the tenitonal law organizing
this election district in that Territory, believing,
upon evidence submitted to them since that elec-
tion, that there is no such voting population to
justify that vote, or to entitle them to u district
oigamzation and representation. There is now
no such election district in the Tenitory of Da-
kota, and that fact is strongly corroborative of the
position I assume here that gross frauds were
perpetrated at thatelection. Dakota has provided
against their future recurrence.
But if we take the testimony of Buckman into
consideration in connection with these circum-
. stances, the evidence is overwhelming and con-
clusive. 1 submit, taking this census and that vote
together, it is enough to condemn this vote as
fraudulent, and justify its rejection.
But it is said that this man Buckman is not to
be believed; thathe was elected by the same vote,
and undent served in the Territorial Legislature.
Grant the whole of these facts,lie had no iruTuce-
ment at that time to divulge that fact, which
would have been to his own injury, as it would
have ousted him from his seat. But it will be
borne in mind, call him what you will, a scoun-
drel and a dishonest man, at the same time he was
elected on the same ticket with the contestant, and
was Ins intimate fiiend and political associate.
If Bu^krnan be n dishonest man, he was then a
companion of the contestant and his associate?;,
and when the memberfrom Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] comes in here and claims as credible evi-
dence the statements of contestant's witnesses
that they themselves were bribed to vote for the
sitting Delegate, can he consistently deny the
credibility of the evidence of Buckman ? It is an
old saying that when rogues fall out honest men
get their dues, and no man was better able to
judge of these frauds than this Buckman, who
was there at the time, and who, they claim, was
participating throughout the whole transaction.
He was the man who made the suggestion to the
returning officers, when they added 100 votes to
the poll-list, to return some nineteen of them as
cast for Jayne, in order to make the vote look
more plausible; and it appears from his evidence
that 100 names were added to the vote, in ad-
dition to the mixed crowd who vote«l at the elec-
tion, in order, as it would seem, to makethevote
large enough to insure the election of contestant.
it has been said by the gentleman from Illi-
nois who preceded me that this deposition of
Buckman has been excluded. I submit to this
House that there has been no action of the House
upon it, and it was insisted before the committee
that the action of the committee-would not pre-
clude the consideration of this evidence by the
House, and the report was submitted with that
view. The committee could not reject the testi-
mony. It is no part of their function. It is the
province of the House to determine whatevidence
they will receive and act upon, and what is com-
petent evidence, having due reference to the law
and the circumstances under which it is taken.
So in this case the evidence was not suppressed,
but was referred to the Committee of Elections,
and was considered, and is a proper subject for
investigation here, to be taken into consideration
in weighing this case and coming to a conclusion.
Buckmrtn had the means of knowledge, and his
testimony is corroborated by the census and by
the circumstances attending the election; and if
we are going to be technical and nice in rejecting
that testimony because it was not taken in time,
why not reject the returns-from this county of
Kittson, which were not made in time as required
by the law?
1 will not consume time in investigating the
forms of that leturn. My friend from Iowa has
ajudiciui decision upon that point; and it settles
the case, and shows that it was informal and not
in accordance with the law of the Territory.
But I prefer not to waste time in that consider-
ation, believing that this technical objection on a
question of time should not make us reject his
testimony, when we have admitted testimony on
the part of the contestant winch was taken before
officers not strictly authorized by law to take it.
To show that lam justified iri what 1 say by the
recoid, I will refer to a fact which appeals in the
case, and which, by some strange inadvertence on
the pait of the contestant in arranging his testi-
mony for piint, has been omitted from the printed
ease. That is the fact that while the contestant
now claims that there were no justices ofa court of
record, or officers authorized to take these depo-
sitions, other than justices of the peace, residing
in theTerntory at the time the notice was served,
he told the contestant in the notice he served that
he was going to take them before Chief Justice
P. Bliss, then lesiding in the Territory, That
notice is printed in the minority repoit, page 4,
and is as follows:
In the matter of the con tested election tor the position
of Delegate tiom Dakota Territory hi the Jlouse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States for theTlmty-Eiglitli Con-
gress :
Yankton, D. T , December 25, 18C2.
Sin: You are iicicfiy notified that, m pursuance of an
act ot Congie^s entitled "An act to pieseiibe the mode of
obtain nig evidence in eases ot" contested election," parsed
th<' lUlti d.iv of Febtuaiy, 1851, it is my intention to exam-
ine witnesses before Hon. P. Bli^a, chief justice of Dakota
T< riitory, the said chief induce being a re&ideutwithinand
lorlhe eongiesMonal (Ji. tnct,'JYrutory of Dakota, and duly
aatiionzed by said act to examine such witnesses, or be-
foie some other person duly qualified to take *uch testi-
mony, at the office of William E Glceson, I^q., in the
town of Yankton, Yankton county, Dakota Tenitory, on
Tuesday, the 6th day of January, A. D. 1663, at ten o'clock
a. m of baid day, and e.ieh successive day thereafter, ex-
cept Sundays, at the same time and place, ull the testi-
mony ij taken and tb^ witnesses ate examined, a list of
whom, together with their respective placed of residence,
is hereto annexed, of all winch you will please take notice.
A copy ol ilie subpena issued by Hon. P. liiiss, to be served
on the witnesses to be examined* is hereto annexed.
J. B. S. TODD,
By hu agents and attorneys, John Currior, William E.
Gleeson, and Jesse VVhcrry.
Hon. William Jayke^
That is the admission of the contestant under
his own hand, that Judge Bliss resided then in
the Territory. And it furtherappears in evidence
that he was then in the Territory and ready to take
the depositions, as was also Judge Williams.
But it appears that the justices resicftng'within
the Territory at the time had deputed a certain
man to act as their clerk who was obnoxious to
the contestant, and that, rather than take the tes-
timony before these justices having that clerk, he
declined to take testimony at all before them, and
went before two justices of the peace who he
thought would answer his purpose better. That
is shown in the printed case as being ostensibly
the reason why he negated or refused to take
the testimony before the person before whom he
notified the sitting Delegate that he would take it.
The notice which I have read to the House is
dated December 25,1862. The deposition of Mr.
Buckman is said to have been taken m March,
1863. It is claimed that the sitting Delegate was
guilty of gross neglect because he did not take
that testimony within the time prescribed, to wit,
sixty days. But I submit to the good sense of
the* House that that is explained when it is made
to appear that he himself did not know that that
"state of facts existed, nor that Buckman could
testify to.those facts. We are also all aware that
that district is over five hundred miles .distant
from the capital of the Territory, and that it is
comparatively awilderness. Being of such great
extent,it is also argued by contestant thatagreat
many votes must have been cast in it; but if that
argument were to hold good, we would estimate
the number of votes by the number of square
miles contained within a district.
If Buckman is such a person as he is repre-
sented by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] to be, his interest was not to dis-
close sooner this matter of election frauds at Pem-
bina, as he held his own s^at in the Legislature
through them. But it is made a cause of attack
upon him that he has received consideration for
making these disclosures. I ask the gentleman
from Illinois to point to a single circumstance au-
thorizing him to make such a statement. He
says that Buckman is holding office in this city.
I ask him to point to a fact in evidence justifying
that statement—and I deny thatsuch fact exists—
when he assumes, on the part of the contestant in
this case, that no fraud is shown against him. I
will meethim outsideof thePembina vote by one
extract from the testimony to show that the con-
testant's friends deliberately destroyed ballots,
and drew pistols at the polls, and that that was
one reason why some votes were excluded by
the majority of the Committee of Elections in
making their report in this case. To show that
the contestant and his friends are not clear in this
matter^ I will ask the Cletk to read fiom the tes-
timony of Moses Herrick, commencing at page
150, m regard to the election in Bon Homme
county.
The Clerk read, as follows:
«Intcirogatory 3. Were yon present at said election;
and if so, what part did you take in the same?
''Answer. I was present, and acted as one of the judges
of the election.
" Interrogatory 4. Were the judges and clerks of said
election daly appointed and sworn according to law ?
• "Aw>wer. They were. I was personally knowing to their
being appointed and swein.
" Interrogatory 5. What were the names of tile judges
and clerks of said election ?
Answer, Moses Derrick, D. C. tiroes), and Jacob Kiel
were the judges, and C.K. itowieyand Samuel Haidy were
the clerks.
"Interrogatory 6. At what hour were the polls opened,
and at what hour were they eloped?
"Answer. They weie opened at nine o'clock a. m..and
I closed at six o'clock p. m.
j Intciro^atoiyl. Was said election conducted by the
; judges and elcrks withoutfiaud, deceit, or abuse?
I "Answer. It was.
" Interrogatory 8. After the polls were closed were the
votes duly counted, canvassed; and pioper return thereof
. made to the county regi&tei of Bon Homme county, asre-
, quired by law ?
uAnswei, They were not.
Intenogatoiy 9. Why were they not so canvassed and
returned?
uAns\ocr. Because a mob entered the house in which
the election was being held, and look foicible possession
of the ballot-box, ballots, and poll-books, and drove the
judges and clerks from the house, and destroyed the ballots.
" Interrogatory 1U. Were the peisons who thus broke up
f the ejection the niends and supporters of William Jayne,
j or the friends and supporters oi J. B. S. Todd ?
"Answer. They weie the friends and supporters of J. B.
S.Totld.
1 (i Interrogatory 11. What are their names?
