THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH % 1864.
New Series No. 55.
a surveyor, and that his salnry shall be $350 and
fees, but that no salary shall be paid until the law
actually goes into operation and goods are im-
ported from some foreign port to Parkersburg. It
would of course be idle to say that at this time,
when the commerce of the Mississippi river is inter-
rupted, and in the present state of the Gulfand At-
lantic coast,this bill is immediately necessary; but
the growing- commerce of Parkersburg demands it
as much perhaps as any other town on that river.
Parkersburg occupies a very commanding com-
mercial position, and has boon for many years,
and even during this war, very rapidly increasing
in population and in business. Stores are going
up there all the time. During the last season sev-
enty or eighty dwelling-houses were erected there,
and some seven or eight brick stores were receiv-
ing the finishing touches when I left. Contracts
have been made for additional ones to go up dur-
ing the present season. Parkersburg is the ex-
port port for the petroleum oil that is produced in
West Virginia. That creates a large business
there. It is the terminus on the Ohio river of one
branch of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, over
which the greater portion of the river transporta-
tion is carried. It is a place where a great num-
ber of steamboats are built, and where it is prob-
able a much greater number will be built hereafter.
The Little Kanawha river, which empties into the
Ohio at Parkersburg, furnishes the best lumber
and timber to be found in the wholeOhio tegion.
As it is not probable, perhaps, that the ap-
pointment will be made immediately or until the
country is more quiet, or even if it was made that
there would be any salary to be paid until the full
resumption of business, 1 hope that Senators will
not object to the passage of the bill. It is neces-
sary to the increased business which we have
every reason to expect at that point when the
country shall become quiet. The population of
Parkersburg has grown since I went there twenty-
nine years ago, from four hundred to upward of
four thousand including its suburbs. It is rapidly
increasing not only in population but in business,
and is the port of import and export for a very
large section of country.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ABNEIi READ.
Mr. WILLEY. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
House joint resolution No. 42, authorizing the
payment of prize money, due to Commander Ab-
ner Read, United States Navy, to his widow, Con-
stance Read, to ask to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and to ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up the joint resolu-
tion for present consideration. It will not take
any time.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to pay to Mrs. Constance
Read, widow of Commander Abner Read, late of
the United States Navy, the share of prize money
due or to become due to him for prizes taken by
the United States vessel New London, while un-
der his command, in 1861.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate^
without amendment, and ordered to a third read-
ing; it was read the third time, and passed.
ENCOURAGEMENT OF IMMIGRATION.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to postpone all prior
orders with a view to take up Senate bill No. 125.
I think we can pass it in the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
125) to encourage immigration was read the sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The bill provides for the appointment, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, of an
officer to be styled the Commissioner of Immigra-
tion, who shall have an office in the Department
of State, and shall be under the direction of the
Secretary of State, to hold his office during four
DO
years, unless sooner removed, and to receive as
an annual compensation $9,500.-To assist the
Commissioner in the discharge of the duties im-
posed on him, the Secretary of State may, as they
become necessary, assign to that officer one clerk
of the first class and one clerk of the third class.
To encourage, facilitate, and protect foreign im-
migration to and within the United States, the
Commissioner is to collect from public documents
and other authentic sources full and accurate in-
formation in regard to the soil, climate, mineral
resources, and agricultural products, rates of
wages and prices of labor in different portions of
the United Slates, and also the means of commu-
nication, and the wants of agricultural, manufac-
turing, and other industrial interests of the Uni-
ted States, and to disseminate such information
throughout Europe in aconcise and popularform,
from time to time, in such manner as will best
conduce to the accomplishment of the objects con-
templated. The information thus collected is to
be printed in different languages, and, as far as
practicable, by the Public Printer; but the co§tof
the printing authorized by the act is not, during
one fiscal -year, to exceed the sum of $20,000.
The Commissioner is to correspond with the va-
rious consuls at European ports, and the consuls
are to aid the Commissioner in disseminating the
information; and where, in the opinion of the
Secretary of State, it is practicable, the consuls
are to transmit a full manifestof the emigrantson
board of vessels bound from the poits to which
they are accredited to any port of the United
States. The Commissioner, for the purpose of
disseminating the information, may employ such
newspapers, publishers, agencies, or transporta-
tion companies as he may deem advisable, the
aggregate annual expense of which shall not ex-
ceed $10,000.
There is also to be' established at the port of
New York an office to be known as the United
States Emigrant Office, and, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, a superintendent
of immigration is to be appointed at an annual
salary of $2,000, who may employ a clerk of the
first class. The superintendent, under the direc-
tion of the Commissioner of Immigration, is to
make contracts with the different railroad and
transportation companies of the United States for
transportation tickets to be furnished to the im-
migrants, and to be paid for by them, and under
rules prescribed by the Commissioner to protect
the immigrants from imposition and fraud, and
to furnish them such information and facilities as
will enable them to proceed in the cheapest and
most expeditious manner to the place of their des-
tination, or, where this is undetermined by the
immigrant, to the place where his labor will be
most profitable. The superintendent of immi-
gration is to perform such other duties as may be
prescribed by the Commissioner of Immigration;
but the duties imposed on him are not to be held
to affect the powers and duties of the commission-
ers of emigration of the State of New Yoik. The
superintendent is to see that the provisions of the
act, commonly known as the passenger act, are
strictly complied with, and all breaches thereof
punished according to law.
No person is to be qualified to fill any office
under this act who shall be directly or indirectly
interested in any corporation having lands for
sale to immigiants, or in the carrying or trans-
portation of immigrants cither from foreign coun-
tries to the United States and its Territories, or
to any part thereof, or who shall receive any fee
or reward, or the promise thereof, for any service
performed or any benefit rendered to any person
or persons in the line of his duty. If any officer
provided for by the act shall receive from sny^
person or company any fee or reward, or promise
thereof, for any services performed or any benefit
rendered to any person or persons m the line of
his duty, he is, upon conviction, to be fined §1,000,
or be imprisoned not to exceed three years, at the
discretion of the court of competent jurisdiction,
and forever after to be ineligible to hold any office
of honor, trust, or profit in the United States.
The President of the United States, when in his
judgment the public service requires it, may ap-
point a superintendent of immigration at the port
of New Orleans, with the same powers, duties, and
compensation as prescribed for the superintendent
of immigration at the port of New York.
The Commissioner of Immigration at the com-
mencement of each annual meeting of Congress
is to submit a detailed report of the foreign im-
migration during the preceding year, and a de-
tailed account of all expenditures under the act.
For the purpose of carrying into effect the pro-
visions of the act the sum of $50,000 is hereby
appropriated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This bill is one that I
hear of to-day for the first time, and I presume
that is the case with the great majoriiy of the
Senate. It has not met my eye before, and it is
too important to be slipped through in the morn-
ing hour without any examination of it. It es-
tablishes a new bureau, and I do not know to
what expenses it may lead. I should like to have
it lie over until I can have a chance to look at it
and consider it.
Mr. SHERMAN. IftheSenator from Maine de-
sires that it lie over, I shall not oppose that motion.
1 called up this bill the other day for the purpose
of explaining it, but other business intervened,
and I will state now while 1 am up that this bill has
been very carefully considered by the Committee
on Agriculture, and the subject has been maturely
examined. We had a great vaiiety of projects be-
fore us. We deemed the objecta very impoi tant •
one, and after full consideration we came to the
conclusion that this was all the Government could
do, and that this would be important to aid im-
migration and protect immigrants from fraud.
Nearly all of the western States have appointed
agents to encourage immigration. The contro-
versies growing out of the clashing interests of
different States are creating trouble and embar-
rassment in the city of New Yoik,and this is in-
creased by the competition of runners on board of
vessels, and by the transportation companies.
The expenses of the proposed arrangement will
be but trilling. The bill does not establish a new
bureau as the Senator supposes. It establishes
two new officers: one a superintendent of immi-
gration in the city of New York, to see to the en-
forcement of the laws of the United States; the
other a Commissioner of Immigration, whose office
will be in Washington. The chief duty of the
Commissioner will be to collect and disseminate
information in different languages. It is found
that many persons who desire to come to this
country cannot rely upon information vvhich is
furnished to them by interested parties, and that
some of the most intelligent among them are often
deceived and misled. If an official document pre-
pared fromofficialsourcescould befurnishedthem,
giving them accurate information as to the needs
of labor in this country, there is no doubt it would
encourage a great deal of immigration. In the
western States labor is absolutely demanded; com-
mon laborers are receiving a very high piice; and
if it should be clearly shown to any intelligent per-
son in Europe that it was his interest to come to
America, because the prices as compared with
each other are decidedly in favor of the laborer
in this country, there would be a great increase
in the number of immigrants.
I think while this would involve very little ex-
pense—the sum cannot exceed $50,000 a year un-
der the limitations of the act—it might increase
the immigration into this country within a year
probably to the extent of one hundred thousand
able-bodied persons,and within a shot t time might
still more increase immigration. That is the testi-
mony of our consuls, and of intelligent persons
from different countries. I have no objection,
however, to the biil lying over, but I shall call it
up at an early day, and 1 hope the Senate will
then understand it, and be ready to act upon it.
The Y1CE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the fui ther consideiauon of this bill be postponed
until to-morrow,
The motion was agreed to.
