1912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£
ipril 27,
in lieu thereof the words "six months;" so as to
make H rtad as follows:
Prowled, That if anv person or agent of any firm, com-
pany, or corporation shall manufacture for sale tobacco,
snuff. or cigars ot any description without first obtaining
the permit herem required, such person or agent shall be
subject, upon conviction thereof, toa penally ot $100,and
in addition theieto shall be liable to imprisonment for a
term nof exceeding six mouths, at the discretion of the
court.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. On page 113, in lineHgh-
teen, I move to strike out the word " five," and
issertin lieu thereof the word "three." 1 move,
also, in Jib* twenty, to stiike out the words "not
exceeding two yeats nor less than one year,'
and to insert in lieu (hereof the words " not ex-
ceeding six months;" so as to make it read:
Sec. 90. %Snd be it further enacted, That every manufac-
turer or maker of tobacco, snuff, or cigars of any descrip-
tion, asittureinbefore mentioned, or in® chief workman,
agent, or superintendent, shall, at the eiM of each and
every mouth, make and sign a declaration, in writing, that
no such article or commodity, as aforesaid, lias., during
suclr preceding month or time when the last declaration
was made, been removed, carried, or sent, or caused, or
Miiftered, or known to have been removed, carried, or sent,
ftom the promises ofsucb mamiiact urer or maker, other than
euch as have been duly assessed and the duties imposed by
Jaw paid thereon, on pain of such manufacturer or maker
forfeiting for everv refusal or neglect to make such declara-
tion $100. And if any such manufacturer or maker, or his
.chief workman, agent. or superintendent, shall make any
false-or untrue declaration, &uch manufacturer or maker,
or chief workman, agent, or superintendent, making the
eame, upon conviction thereof, shall forfeit $300, or., atthe
discretion of the court,be hable to Imprisonment for-
not exceeding six months.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. 1 desire to move an
amendment on page 127<
Mr. PENDLETON. I wiii yield to the gen-
tleman for that purpose.
Mr. MOOItll EAD. 1 desiie to offer an amend-
ment on page 116.
The CHAIRMAN. The unanimous consent
of the committee was given to the gentleman from
Ohio to offer his amendments at this time.
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 understood the Chair to
allow the gentleman from New York to offer ins
amendment. Now, sir, I do not .know why I am
not as good looking as he is, and should not be
permitted to offer an amendment also.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. The gentleman may
be as good looking, but just now he cannot come
in. [Laughter.]
Mr. MOORHEAD. I object to the gentleman
from New York offering his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ohio
will then proceed with his amendments.
Mr. PENDLETON. On page 141, section one
hundred and one, I move to amend by striking
out from the word " description," in the twenty- |j
sixth line,down to the word "embraced," in the j!
sixty-sixth line, as follows: ji
And the owner, possessor, or prison or persons having j;
the caie and management of siny-neii railroad,steamboat, I;
ferry-boat, or other vessel, or biidge, as atoiesaid, shall, j]
within five days after the end ot each and every month, |i
make a list or return in duplicate to the assistant assessor j!
of the district within which suWi owner, possessor, com- ■'
pany, or corporation may have his or its place of busi- jj
nessjor wheie any Mich railroad, steamboat, ferry-boat, or ij
bridge is located or belongs, respectively, stating the gio. s j i
amount of such receipts'for the month next preceding, !;
which return shall be verified by the oath or affirmation ot ji
such owner, posses-or, manager, agent, or other proper j.
officer, in Lhe manner and form to be prescribed from time JJ
to thne by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and
shall also, within the time prescribed for the payment of j;
duties by manufacturers, pay to tiie collector of the dis-
met the full amount.of duties which have accrued on such
receipts for the month aforesaid; and in case of neglect
or refusal to make said lists or return for the space of five j
dnvs after such return should be made as aforesaid, the
as&essor or assistant assessor shall proceed to estimate the >.
amount received and the duties payable thereon, as here-
inbefore provided mother eases of delinquency to make !
return for puiposes of assessment; and toi the puipose of ;■
making such assessment, or of a&eeunining the correct- ,
ness ot any such leturn, the bucks of any such peu-on,
company, or corporation shall be subject to the inspection ,
of the assessor or assistant assessor on his demand or le- !
quest tberefor; and m en?e oi'neglector icfusal to pay the
duties as aforesaid when the same have btxiu ascertained :
as aforesaid for the space tif five days after the sauie shall 11
have become payable, the owner, possessor, or person hav- j:
mg the management as afoiesaid, shall pay, ui addition, j!
five per cent, on the amount of such uutic*; and for any i
attempt knowingly to evade the payment ot *uch duties, •
lhe said ownei, possessor, oi pei^on having the care or j
management as aforesaid, .-hail bo liable to pay a penalty .
ot $1,U0 l loi eveiy such attempt, to be ioeuvered As piu- j
vid<d mi this act lo'i the recover) of penalties; and all pro- j
vi>mii* of tnis-act tn relation to}i>-nsand collections by j
distraint," not incompatible herewith, shall apply to this ;
section sad the objects thyWo embraca*.
I desire to say in reference to that amendment
that several succeeding sections in relation to ox-
press companies, telegraph companies,and some
others, have repeated in them a provision by
which the returns shall be made and the taxes
collected. I propose to strike outof each of these
sections whatever relates to that subject and^ to
condense them all into one section providing that
the returns shall be made and the taxes collected
in one way in respect to them all.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to offer a substitute
for the following proviso:
Provided, That all such persons, companies, and corpo-
rations shall have the right to add the duty or tax imposed
hereby to their rates of faie whenever their liability thereto
may commence, any limitations which may exist by law
or by agreement with any person or company which may
have uaid or be liable to pay such faie to the contrary not-
withstanding.
I do not know what is to be the effect of the
am< ndment to be moved for these sections by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton ] This
proviso, however, is to remain. I hope that the
committee will consider this now. It is among
the reserved sections,
Mr. MORRILL. We will have to come back
to this section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
amendment proposed to be moved by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton.]
The Clerk read, as follows:
'•Andbe it farther enacted, That any person, firm, company,
term or corpoiation owning or possessing, or having the care or
" management of any raihoad, steamboat, feriy boat, or other
boat oY bridge, or cartymg or doing an express business, or
engaged in the business of insurance as hereinbefore de-
scribed, or owning or having the care and management of
anv telegraph line, or owning, possessing, leasing,'or hav-
ing the control or management of any circus, theater, op-
: era, or museum, shall within twenty days after the end of
' each and eveiy month fnake a list or return in duplicate to
1 the assistant assessor of the district. stating the gross amount
! of their receipts respectively for the month nextpieceding,
I which return shall be venficd by the oath or atfnmation of
! such owner, pos«e.-sor, manager, agent, or other proper
! othcer, in the manner and foini to be prescribed ftom time
1 to time by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
! shall also, within ten days, pay to the collector ot the dis
j triot the full amount of duties which have accrued on such
i receipt-* for the month aforesaid; and in case of neglect or j
j refusal to make said lists or return lor the space of ten days
' after such return should have been made as aforesaid, the
j assessor or assistant assessor shall pioceed to estimate the
j amount received and the duties payable theieon,and shall
, add thereto ten per cent, as heieinbetore provided in other
; ca eti of delinquency to make return for purposes of assess- 1
| ment; and for the purpose of making such assessment, or |
! of ascertaining the coireetness ot any such return, the f
i books of any such person, company, or corporation bhull
j be subject to the in-peciion of the assessor or assistant as- j
' sessor on his demand or request therefoi; and in case of |
I neglect or relu-al to pavtiieduties with the addition afore- 1
; said, when the same have been ascertained, fortlie space j
:j ol ten days after the same shall have become payable, the j
i' owner, possessor, or person having the management as <
•! aforesaid,shall pay in addition tenpei cent, on the amount
:■ of such duties and additions; and for any attempt know-
! j iugly to evade the payment of such duties, tiie said owner,
l: possessor, or person having the care or management as
!' aforesaid shall be liable to pay a penalty of $1,000 for every
ii «ueh attempt, to be recovered as provided in this act fortlie
j1 iccoverv of penalties; and all provisions of this act in te-
|i lation to hens and collections by distraint, not Incompatible
II heicsvith, shall apply to this section and the objects therein
1' embraced.
I! Mr. KASSON. Does this include the words
ji " pronelied by steam" as applicable to boats?
!l Mr. PENDLETON. Tins applies to railroads,
i1 steamboats, ferry-boats, or other boats.
j: Mr. KASSON. You say " or other boats,"
which will include rope-fen ies,&c. { think that
|! the words "propelled in whole or m part by
!' steam" shouid be inuoduced.
Mi. PENDLETON. 1 do not object to that,
i! Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 ask the gentleman
!' whether or not it provides that the money shall
11 be paid by these several companies to the collect-
i ois within ten davs'
i Mr. PENDLETON. It provides within ten
' diiys they shall return the amount.
Mr. iiOCTWELL. And the return is to be
' made in five days after the close of the month?
! Mr. PENDLETON. No, sir; not within five
days according to the provisions of my amend-
S' ment.
Mr. BOUTWELL. When U it to be made?
Mr. PENDLETON. Within the first twenty
days of the month, and within ten days after the
return is made the duty is to be paid. If thegen-
tleman will look at the bill lie will see that it was
originally provided that the return should be made
in five days. But upon representations upon this
subject<ma<Ju to the committee, they were led to
conclude in reference to some of these companies
that it would be utterly impossible for them to
make llicir returns.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I desire to say that this
pinvision of ltxw, if it becomes a law, will be
impracticable. The assessor must mulct* up his
lists after he receives the returns from the per-
sons liable to pay the tax, and those lists must
be transmitted'to the collector, and'the collector's
books must be made up after that. Now, ten days
is not sufficient for ail that. Now, 1 admit I am
myself unable to understand what this committee
ie^doing to-night, but I submit that in all these
provisions we ought to have u_ general system.
Manufacturers are required to make their returns
in ft certain time. After the close of the month,
within a certain number of days, the assessors
must make their returns to the collectors; and
within a certain number of days the collectors
are required to make the collections. Now, 1
think all these monthly returns should follow the
same rule.
1 will say tiere what I have had a-mind to say
several times during the session of the committee
upon this bill, that heretofore I believe the duties
paid by insurance companies have been paid di-
rectly to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
By the bill as it has already been adopted, and by
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio, these moneys are now to be paid to the col-
lectors of the districts. The bill as originally re-
ported contemplated a similar payment by the
banks and railroad companies upon their divi-
dends and the reserve made upon the payment of
interest upon their indebtedness. I think any de-
parture from the old law in that particular is ex-
pensive and injurious. We collect now aboutsix
million dollars a year; and under the new bill we
shall probably collect fifteen or twenty million
dollars fiom the same source, at a less expense
than a like amount of money was ever collected
in any civilized country. These corporations are
generally managed by competent men; their
names and business are known to the Department
heie; booksareprepared in which their namesare
entered, and at any moment you can tell whether
any company is delinquentor not. Thusfarthey
have been required by law to make their returns
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and
they have been made promptly; and within ten
days the money is in the hands of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue without any cost.
Now, the proposition is to transfer this simple
business of receiving the certificates of deposit by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to the col-
lectors of the districts, thereby increasing the de-
ll lay and increasing the expense of collection. I
j! believe that all that this committee has thus far
jj done with reference to the collection of revenue—
ij 1 do not speak now of duties imposed, because
■ j whatever has been done in that respect has been
|j ill the main well done—has been erroneous,
i! [Here the hammer fell.]
I j Mr. MORRILL. I will say to the gentleman
<j ftom Massachusetts that although some parts of
]I the bill were reported providing that these pay-
i| ments should be paid to the collectors, yet it was
ij the purposeof the Committee of Ways and Means
:l to restore every part to such shape as should pro-
! I vide that they should be made to the Commissioner
II oflnternal Revenue. 1 see that my colleague [Mr.
Pendleton] has not followed the action of the
Commiitee of Ways and Means in respect to this
matter. I trust he will allow this proposition to
be amended so as to make all these moneys pay-
able to the Commissioner of internal Revenue.
Mr. PENDLETON. Do 1 understand the gen-
tleman to say that the Committee of the Whole
adopted a provision of that kind?
Mr. MORRILL. I believe we have in every
instance directed that tins money should be paid
to the Commissioner o[ Internal Revenue.
Mr. PENDLETON. I think that purpose has
not been carried out.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand that it has been
done in every instance with one exception.
Mr. PENDLETON. If that is the case I am
not aware of it. I certainly agiee with the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, thai there should be
a conformity, and therefore 1 ask to modiiy the
amendment, and instead of the words " collectors
of the district" where they occur in the aimmd-
fhent, 1 intended to offer to insert lhe words "Com-
missioner of Intci nal Revenue," That will be in
