2888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11
rick, one of the judgesof theelection,(pnge 151,)
that the election was conducted by the officers of
the election without fraud, deceit, or abuse. The
evidence of these parties I claim to be good against
that of John H. Shober and R. M. Johnson, Mr.
Todd's principal witnesses,-both of whom, Sho-
ber and Johnson, were indicted for perjury by
the United States grand jury last fall for fabri-
$ating,and swearing to false Indian claims, pre-
fentea to the Sioux indemnity commission, sit-
ting in Minnesota in 1863.
CHARLES Mix COtJNTY.
The contestant asks that the whole, vote of
Charles Mix county may be rejected,because he
alleges some Iowa soldiers voted in this county
whom he insists were not legal voters. Forsake of
argument admit that fact. Does that vitiate the
entire poll? The fact that illegal votes are cast
at any poll will not, cannot disfranchise the legal
voters of the pbll. Nothing could vitiate the en-
tire poll unless it were the fact that the officers of
the election had practiced fraud, deceit, or abuse
in conducting the election. Tins is not even al-
leged.
This attempt to disallow the legal vote of a
whole county has no foundation in laworequity.
I will not insult the good sense of this House by
dwelling on this point any further.
I prove by the evidence of John J. Thompson,
that he was one of the judges of the election held
in Charles Mix county, at the house of Charles
E. Hedges, on the 1st" day of September, 1862,
(for Thompson's evidence see page 149,) and that
the judges and clerks of the election were duly
appointed and sworn according to law; that the
polls were opened and closed at the legal hours,
and that ihere was no fraud, deceit, or abuse*nrac-
ticed by thejudges or clerks, or any one of loom,
in conducting said election. He also testifies that
the friends and supporters of Jayne did not use
any threats or violence to prevent the friends and
supporters of Todd from voting at said election.
He testifies that only 7 votes were cast for J.
B. S. Todd, and 138 were cast for "William Jayne.
Charh-s 15. Hedges, (page 147,) A. J. Faulk,
(page 147,) and F. Carman, (page 149,) all testify
that they were present at said election at the hduse
of Charles E. Hedges, in Charles Mix county,
and they all corroborate the testimony of Thomp-
son, and testify that no violence or threats were
used by the fiiends of Jayne to prevent the
friends of Todd from voting.
By reference to the laws of Dakota passed at
the first session of the Legislature held in 18G2,
page 1, Private Laws, it will be seen that Collin
Campbell, Collin Lamont, Lewis Lacompt, and
Benjamin Cadot,half-breeds, had been made citi-
zens by an act of the Legislature, and were there-
fore legal voters.
1 prove by the evidence ofT. V. B. Johnson,
Daniel Babcoek, R. Michael, John Shover, Mar-
tin Powell, Reuben S. Dexter, and Benjamin F.
Smith, all members of the Iowa regiment sta-
tioned at Fort Randall, and all Mr. Todd's own
witnesses, that the entire number of Iowa sol-
diers who voted in Charles Mix county was
just 70. For the above evidence see pages from
72 to 79 To the vote of the 70 Iowa soldiers
add three httlf breeds, Balleste Laeont, fjoefeas
Da7.aro.and Elexe C. Young, proved by the evi-
dence of James Maioney (page 67) to have voted,
and you find 73 votes to be taken from the 146
votes cast at said election poll, which leaves 73
legal votes beyond any question or doubt. Of
which legal vote, if you please, concede Mr. Todd
the whole number returned for him, 7, though
there is no evidence that Mr. Todd leceived 7
legal votes; for Mr. Johnson, (page 72,) and Mr.
Babcnck, (page 73,) Mr. Todd's own witnesses,
testify that some of the Iowa soldiers voted for
Mr. Todd. Among all his witnesses we only
find two who swear that they voted for him; yet
conceding him 7 and myself the remainder of the
legal votes, and my majority in Ciuules Mix
county is 59. 1 claim that by Mr. Todd's own
evidence it is shown that there were 73 legal
votes cast in Charles Mix county. I corrobo-
rate this fact by my own witnesses.
1 prove by Mr. Hedges (page 147) that 60 legal
votes were cast by citizens who were not soldiers,
and he further testifies that he was personally ac-
quainted with forty-nine of them, and gives then-
names, and states that to his own knowledge they
have been residents of the Territory for ninety
days prior to the election.
Mr. Carmon (pag^s 148 and 149) and Mr.
Thompson (pages 149 and 150) both swear to the
same facts; Mr. Carmon giving the names of
fifty-two citizens with whom he was personally
acquainted and who had been residents of the
Territory for ninety days prior to said election.
By the testimony of the same three parties,
Hedges, Carmon, and Thompson, I prove in ad-
dition to the citizen voters that Owen Irish, Co-
lumbus Irish, Jerome Irish, William Harcomb,
N. B. Dempsey, James Hunter, Abraham Shaef-
fer, and Joseph Charidon, were legal voters, and
that they did vote at said election; that they were
members of the Iowa regiment, but that they had
resided in Dakota at the timeand before they en-
listed in the fall of 1861.
brtjl£ creek £oll.
Admitting all that the contestant says in relation
to a portion of the votes being cast before the
legal hour for opening the poll, and rejecting all
votes Cast before nine o'clock, how stands the
vote at this Brule Creek precinct?
By the evidence of Mr. Wallace, page 83, and
M. H. Somers, page 86, Mr. Todd's own wit-
nesses, it is proved that 37 legal votes were cast at
this poll between the legal hours for holding the
election, only 12 of which Mr. Todd claims ft)
have been cast for him, leaving me 25,giving me
a majority of 13 at this poll.
But I prove by Mr. Allen, the register of the
land office in Dakota, pages 153 and 154, that he
was personally acquainted with almost every man
residing at Brule Creek; that there were about
sixty men residing thereat the time of said election,
and that they were legal voters; that a portion of
them had been there in the fall of 1861, and had
made claims at that time, and went back for their
families and did not return until about fifty or
sixty days prior to the election.
RED RIVER DISTRICT.
The election returns from Kittson county, on
the Red River of the North, I hold are not to be re-
ceived and counted, for two reasons. One is that
the county of Kittson is situated wholly in the
Indian country, and though within the geographr
ical limits, it is, by the act of Congress organizing
the'Territory of Dakota, without the political
limits of said Territory.
Section first of the organic act of Dakota pro-
vides that all Indian Territory shall be excepted
out of the boundaries of said Territory and shall
constitute no part of said Teriitory.
But 1 insist for another reason, ami a very con-
clusive one, why the vote of Kittson county shall
not be counted. The pretended election held in
thateounty was false,illegal, and a fraud through-
out. (See evidence of Bnckman, pages 154, 155,
156, and 157.) Mr. Buckman testifies that there
were present at the polls on election day only six
men who were legal voters; that the officers of the
election consisted of three half-breeds, one En-
glishman, who was not naturalized, and one
Fienchmari, who claimed to have been na^tutal-
ized.
Of the whole board of election, there seems to
have been but one legal voter among them; while
the huv requires that every officer of the election
should himself be a legal voter. Mr. Buckman
testifies that about 46 votes were cast in the day-
time, 10 or 12 by white men, and 35 by Indians
and half-breeds, and that at night about 100
names were added to the poll-list. That for ap-
pearances, to make the" returns look well on the
face, the officeis of the election gave me 19 votes,
and the rest were set down for Mr. Todd, return-
ing for Mr. Todd over a hundred majority, as cast
at this spurious election.
The two Representatives on this floor from the
State of Minnesota aie not ignorant of the well-
established character of these Pembina voters; nor
is the country ignorant of the systematic frauds
which have been practiced before this by these
same men. They have made for themselves a
name. Pembina and Red river aie synonymous
with fiaud and bollot-box stuffing.
In conclusion I would say, taking the official
ca'nvass m those counties m which there is no
dispute, and Mr. Todd's own evidence in regard
to the vote in Brule Creek precinct, in Cole county,
in Bon Homme county, and in Charles Mix
county, the vote stands as follows, giving Mr.
Jayne a majority of 20 votes:
Todd. Jayne,
Cole county     — —
Elk Point  18
Willow    32
Brute Cree-k       12
Clay county..    64
Yankton county    66
Bon Homme county  26
Todd county    24
Dakota cav;ihy..      9
Charles Mix county  7
12
6
25
66
66
13
13
11
66
258 278
258
Jayne's majority.       20
Having passed overall the evidence in this case,
and having shown that I received a majority of the
legal votes cast for Delegate to the Thirty-Eighth
Congress, I propose to close my remarks by briefly
noticing the majority report made by the Com-
mittee of Elections. I have always felt indiffer-
ent whetherthis case should be settled upon strict-
ly legal principles, holdingeach party to the law,
or upon the merits, without regard to mere tech-
nicalities, and the seat awarded to the person hav-
ing received the highest number of legal votes,
conscious that in either cas%I must be declared
elected.
It would seem to be a self-evident proposition
that this case should be settled either upon law or
the merits; yet the majority of the committee do
neitherof these things. They confessedly depart
from the requirements of the law in behalf of the
contestant, while they hold me^trictly to the law.
The majority report acknowledges that the
contestant at the first step departed from the re-
quirements of the law, for it states that—
" While the statute requires the contestant to serve his
notice of contest upon the sitting Delegate within thiity
days after the result of the eleetio* has been deelaied hy
the bo,ird of canva-sscrs the notice in this case was served
befoie the result was declared."
The r'eport, however, proceeds to state that—
"The committee are of opinion that this w<\-> a d -fi rt
which the «iUmg Delegate could waive, and that by imswer-
1115 after the result had been pioelamied," &c.; " he had
waived the light," &c.
Without controverting, this position it is diffi-
cult to perceive why, it the contestant is to be
permitted to avail himself of a notice not strictly
in accordance with the statute, I should not have
the like liberality extended to myself in rela-
tion to a deposition taken on notice to the con-
testant, when the contestant (Mr. Todd) was
present listening to the examination,and consent-
ing to an adjournment for the purpose of complet-
ing it. Theie is, however, a more serious objection,
and, if the requirements of the statute a re followed,
a fatal objection to all the contestant's testimony.
It is all ex parte and taken before justices of the
peace. Now, the act of Congress regulating the
taking of testimony in contested elections, passed
Febiuaiy 14, 1851, prohibits the taking of any
testimony before justices of the peace if there
shall be residing m the congressional district m
\yhjch the contestanses " any judge of.any court
of the United States, or any chancellor,judge, or
justice of any court of record, or any mayor, re-
corder, or mtendant of any town or city."
Nosv, in this case it so happens that the con-
testant gave me notice that he should take his tes-
timony before Hon. P. Bliss, one of the United
States judges of the Territory of Dakota. I quote
from the notice of the contestant, which is as
follows:
" It is my intention to examine witness** before Hon.
V. Uhss, chief justice of Dakota Teuitoty, the said chief
justice being a resident within and foi the congressional
di.-tnet, Tcrmory.ot Dakota, and duly authorized by said
act to examine such witnesses."
But when the day of examination of witnesses
arrived the contestant, not in accordance with the
statute, but directly contrary to it, and in viola-
tion of law, proceeded to examine his witnesses
before two justices of the peace—incompetent
authority. 1 protested against- the right of the
two just'ees of the peace to act^in the case, and
declined, to appear before them. If the law is to
be observed, the contestant has presented no evi-
dence which can be received.
But admitting' all the contestant's evidence,
thus giving him the benefit of the irregularities
shown, still I am entitled to my seat, nu pro-
