1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
claimed by the territorial canvassers, and so ac-
knowledged by the majority report, unless the
Kittson county return is received and counted for
the contestant, (Mr. Todd.)
The Kittson county return, commonly known
as the Pembina or Red river vote, then decides
the fact who is entitled to the seat as Delegate
from Dakota, according to the majority report.
1 accept this statement of the case. The return
from Kittson county, known as the Pembina vote,
and situated wholly within thg Indian country,
is not a copy of " the abstract of votes given in
his county," made by the clerk, with the assist-
ance of two justices of the peace, as required
by the territorial laws, chapter thirty-two, sec-
tions twenty-eight, thirty-one, and thirty-three,
but a mere certificate of the clerk; and moreover,
it was not received till after the time limited by
law when returns could be received, and the can-
vass had been completed, and therefore, if the
law is to be observed, could not be received; and
this would leave me entitled to the seat as pro-
claimed by the canvassers.
But the majority of the committee admit the
Pembina vote, notwithstanding it wa^ not in ac-
cordance with law, nor received within the time
limited by law, and refuse to admit the testi-
mony taken on notice and when the contestant
was present, showifig the Pembina returns to be
fraudulent, because I did net take the testimony
before the proper officer and within the proper
time. Time is held to be immaterial by the ma-
jority for the purpose of admitting the Pembina
returns, and material for the purpose of exclud-
ing the testimony t(> show those returns fraud-
ulent. •
So the letter of the law is departed from tobrinjj
the case of a Delegate within the act of Congress,
to make valid the notice of contest given befoie
the canvass was declared, to receive the testimony
taken before justices of the peace, and the Pem-
bina vote not returned within the time or accord-
ing to law, all these departures being for the ben-
efit of the contestant; but when a departure from
the strict letter of the law would have admitted
the testimony impeaching the Pembina vote, and
showing it to have been wholly false, fictitious,
and fraudulent, and have been for the benefit of
myself, the sitting Delegate, the letter of the law is
insisted upon and the testimony is excluded. On
what principle can such gross inconsistency be
sanctioned? • *
It does seem that justice and equity demand
that if any consideration is to be given to this re-
turn made out of time and contrary to the require-
ments of the law, equal consideration should be
paid to the testimony which proves this return
to have been fictitious and fraudulent.
I have before referred to the evidence in rela-
tion to this bogus return, but, as according to
the majority report, the whjole case turns on this
return, i hope I will be excused if .1 again briefly
notice the testimony in relation to this Pembina
return. "What is the evidence in regard to this
vote?
First, the census, taken about a year previous,
shows that in the whole Red River country there
were of white males but fifty-one, and of those
over the age of twenty-one but forty-two; and
these whites were living in different places in the
Red River country, some of them two hundied
miles apart, thus only a part living in the county
adjacent to the precinct where this fraudulent
vote is cast.
Then the testimony of Joseph J. Buckman,
taken March 11,1863, before Hon. W. P. Pur-
cell, judge of the orphan's court in the District
of Columbia, on notice duly given, both parties
being present at the examination. This testi-
mony (pages 154, 155, and 15fi) shows that there
weie but six persons, native born and natural-
ized, present at the place of voting in Kittson
county on election day, who were entitled to vote
•<on the day of election; that the board of elec-
tion consisted of three half-breeds and a French-
man and an Englishman, only one of the five being
a voter, the othsr four notonly being disqualified
from acting as members of the board of election,
but not even being qualified voters. The witness
was the postmaster at Peiobnia, and had been an
Indian trader, and wm well acquainted with all
persons residing in that oiMiiti y. The witness
sweats that he does not think that more than ten
or twelve white persons were piesciit on the day
of election, and of those but three were native-
born citizens of the United States, and three
others who claim to be naturalized citizens, and
none who had made declaration of their intention
to become citizens. He says 46or 48 votes were
cast for Delegates to Congress at that election;
that the excess over the number of legal voters
present was cast by illegal voters, mostly half-
breeds, and that there were added to the votes
cast, after the close of the polls, a little over 100
votes; and the witness also testifies that Charles
Morneau, who was clerk of the board of county
commissioners, and sent his own certificate, and
not a copy of the abstract as required by law, to
the secretary of the Territory, was himself present
at this fraudulent election.
The fact that this pretended election was wholly
false and fraudulent,' is the true reason why the
return was not mad^in accordance with law, by
sending a copy of the abstract of the canvass made
by the clerk and two justices of the peace. The
election being fictitious, no two justices of the
peace could be found to indorse such a fraud,
so Charles Morneau, the clerk, himselfa party to
the fraud, alone makes out a certificate of this pre-
tended election return and certifies to it. The evi-
dence of Buckman is unimpeached, and is cor-
roborated by the census returns. The fact is so
notorious that the whole Red River country is al-
most wholly uninhabited by white persons, who
alone, if possessed of the other qualifications, are
by law entitled to the right of suffrage, that the
Legislature of Dakota atits lastsession abolished
the district as a voting precinct, and repealed the
act creating the county of Kittson, because the
laws of Dakota require that there shall be twenty
voters residing there before a county can be or-
ganized. Here we have a bogus return of
150 votes pretended to have been cast, feturned
fiom one precinct in Kittson county, while the
Legislature of Dakota tell you by asolemn enact-
ment that there ate not twenty voters in the whole
county of Kittson. Can it be that the House of
Representatives will receive a return made out of
time and contrary to law, and yet refuse on a paere
technicality to receive the testimony which ex-
poses this base and fraudulent vote ? Without the
aid of this fictitious Pembina vote, every member
of the committee admits that the contestant (Mr.
Todd) has no claim to the seat.
As to any personal allusions the contestant has
seen proper to make, or any attempt to connect
me with any of the fiaudulent voting, 1 have only
this to say, that it is wholly false; and I may as
well say that I have too much respect for my
character to notice, care, or concern myself about
any such attempts at slander, comingfrom a man
who resigned his place, so says report, from fear
of being dismissed from the Army for cowardice;
coming from a man whose name the domestic in-
fluence of the White House has three times in-
duced the Executive of the United States reluc-
tantly to send to the Senate for confirmation as a
brigadier general, and who has three times met
with a prompt refusal by the Senate. 1 should
scorn to notice any personal remarks coming from
any one bearing the name of the contestant,
(Todd,) a family somewhat notorious for their
love of office. If they cannot get office under Pres-
ident Lincoln they take it under Jeff. Davis.
A word or two in reply to the remarks of the
honorable and distinguished gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, the chairman of the Committee of
Elections, and I am dune. I understand that the
gentleman is a lawyer—a very able and distin-
guished lawyer—and for this reason I was flic
more astonished at the course of argument he
thought proper to pursue in his speech. ! had
thought that m the argument of a case a judge
of character and pretension always confined him-
self to the record and evidence ill the summing
; of the evidence in a cose. Where do you find it
] in evdenee or record that Mr. Buckman received
! an office as a consideration for testifying in this
1 case, or that as a further consideration he is now
j employed in the otlice of the United States mar-
' shal for Dakota Territory? The gentleman from
' Massachusetts must not suppose that his lnflu-
! ential position as chairman of the committee, and
s the fear that that position is to be wielded against
j me, will deter me !iom correcting such erroneous
i statements. I was not a little surpnsed that lie,
j the chairman ol the committee, a lawyer, and m
i this case one of the judges sitting in judgment on
this case, should have so traveled out of the rec-
ord, and made use of idle rumors and false ru-
mors, and brought them into this House to influ-
ence the minds of members who should decide
this case upon law and evidence.
Not wishing to be misunderstood, I now state
plainlythatl cannotbelievethatthe distinguished *
chairman of the committee would deliberately, ma-
liciously, and willfully state that which he knew
to be false, and therefore I must say that he has
ignorantly stated that which he did not know to
be true.
Mr. Buckman is not in the office of the United
States marshal for Dakota, nor has Mr. Buck-
man ever received from me any consideration,
either pecuniary or political, for testifying in this
ease, and exposing the infamous fraud of that
pretended and fictitious election on the Red river,
Thegentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farhswokui]
seemed to take much delight while reading and
commenting upon the testimony of Messrs. Fal-
kenburg and Brown, ende'avoring to implicate me
with securing their votes by money. Now, all
I have to say is, that all the testimony of these
two witnesses in relation to myselfis false, wholly,
totally false, from ihe beginning to the end. Be
he who he may, whoever asserts that I gave any
man money or promised any man money to vote
for,me utters a most atrocious falsehood.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I do not propose
to enter into any discussion of which is the" true,
genuine, and original 'Gassy Brown,'" and
which is not. I leave the matter of the Brown
family of Dakota, Territory to the gentleman from
Iowa, who seems to have an unction for it. It
has nothing to do with the question which is be-
fore us.
The Committee of Elections have no desire
beyond this, that the House shall understand
what is the real issue in this case, and decide
fail 1 y between these parties. There is an appre-
hension in my mind, and I think it generally per-
vades the committee, that injustice is about to be
done. If possible I want that no wrong shall be
inflicted upon the Territory of Dakota.
So far as the majority and the minority of the
Committee of Elections are concerned, they botli
agree that Jayne is notentitled to'aseatupon this
floor as the Delegate from Dakota. On this all
parties are agreed, notwithstanding the attempt
on the part of those who conducted tho election
in his behalf in the Territory to put him in a seat
by the grossest frauds that could be perpetrated.
The committee have not reflected on Mr. Jayne
personally. They have not taken into consider-
ation the testimony brought forward for that pur-
pose, and I have no desire to lend the sanction of
the committee to it. It is enough th'at Mr. Jayne
had a majority returned for him fraudulently, and
that he has no right to this seat.
The only question on which two members of
the committee have differed with the otheis is
thie—and it is the only question on which there
is any substantial difference—whether the depo-
sition taken in this city after the expiration of
the time for taking testimony in this case by the
sitting Delegate shall be admitted. I wish to
allude to two or three of the points taken by the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Upson] and
others, who argue that it ought to be admitted.
They say that the law. regulating elections to
this House does not apply to elections in the
Tertitories, and that we are not, therefore, to be
guided by that law. The report of the minority
takes that position, that there is no law of Congress
regulating a contested election in a Territory,
simply because a Delegate has no vote, it is
quite enough to know that that matter has received
a construction by this House which until to-day
has never been questioned, llmt the contestants
ot' seats of Delegates must conform to the laws
of Congress touching this matter. Since the
passage of the law thcie have b en seven contests
in the Territories which this House has made to
conform to it.
The cases of Bennet vs. Chapman and Otej-o
vs. Galligos m 1856, Keedert'S. Whitfield in 1857,
ji Chapman vs. Ferguson in 1858, the same case in
j ]859, Morton vs. Daily m I860, were all held by
the Committee ot Elections and by the House
.'j itself to conform to that statute; and this session
ji this very committee have repotted unanimously to
! tin* lluuse a ountested-clee.tion case from New
,1 Mexico—Galligos vs. Peiea—recommending that
