M8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
Mr. President, a measure of this kind ought to
come from the Administration proper. It ought
to be lecommended by the President of the Uni-
ted States after thorough and mature considera-
tion with all the members of his Cabinet, and not
upon the mere recommendation of the Secretary of
War, or,even added to that, the recommendation
of the Secretary of the Treasury. The whole Cabi-
net, the whole country is interested in the measure.
Mr. WILSON. I entirely agree with the Sen-
ator in what he has said in regard to the subject;
but this joint resolution passed the House of Rep-
resentatives; it came to the Committee on Military
Affairs in the Senate, and the committee were in
the same condition that the Senate now is.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not censuring the com-
mittee.
Mr. WILSON. I am very glad to understand
that that is the case. The committee felt with
this information, or rather this want of information
before them, that they could not recommend the
passage of this resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 think the committee did the
very thing they ought to have done. Instead of
censuring the committee I commend them for the
course they have taken.
Mr. WILSON. And they felt in another re-
spect that they might be leproached by the coun-
try if they held it back beyond the time at which
the payment of bounties would expire. It was
therefore thought best to bring it before the Sen-
ate for their consideration, if Senators desire
that it shall go back to the committee, I am will-
ing to perform my duty in the matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The question is
on recommitting the joint resolution to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia. "
The motion was agreed to.
M1UTAHY INTRRFKUENCK WITH ELECTIONS.
Mr. POWELL. Some two weeks ago I sub-
mitted to the Senate a resolution, which was
passed, directing the Secretary of War to trans-
mit to the Senate the orders and instructions, if
any, that he had given provost maishals in the
States of Kentucky, Delaware, Missouri, and
Maryland on the subject of elections. No report
has been made by the Secretary of War. I think
it probable his attention has not been specially
called to the resolution. The bill on that subject
has been made the speeial order for Thursday
next. I therefore move that the Secretary of the
Senate be directed to transmit to the Secretary of
War a copy of that resolution, in order to call his
attention to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatorder will be
made, if there be no objection. The Chair hears
none.
DISQUALIFICATION OF COLOK.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The speeial order
of the day, being the unfinished business of Fri-
day, is now before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 62) to
remove ail disqualification of color in carrying the
mads, the pending question being on the amend-
ment submitted by Mr. Powell to the amendment
reported Irom the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, after the words " States" to insert the
words "in all cases for robbing or violating the
mails of the United States;" so that the amend-
ment of the committee will read:
She, 2. And be it fmther enacted, That la the eoi|its of
the United States, in ail cadi's tor jobbing or violating the
n fu!s of the United States, there shall he no exclusion of
any witness on account of color.
Mr. CONNESS. I see that the chairman of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads [Mr.
Collamer] is not in his seat; I hope, therefore,
that this hill will lie over until he is present.
Mr. SUMNER. I agiee with my friend from
California. The bill was originally introduced
by myself, but it has been reported from the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads,and as the
chairman of that committee is now absent I think
on the whole its further consideration had better
be postponed until he is in his seat. 1 have had
an impiession that he proposed to make some
observations upon it.
Mr. CONNESS. That is the fact, sir.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the bill be post-
poned until to-morrow, for the purpose of taking
up anothei joint resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
PAY OF COLORED TROOPS.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take -up the _
joint resolution equalizing the pay of soldiers in
the United States Army.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no sort of objec-
tion myself to taking up that joint resolution; on
the contrary, I am inchncd to*favor action upon
it at once; but I suggest to the Senator from.Mas-
sachusetts that the pending question on that joint
resolution is on an amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] which he
deems of importance, and upon which he may have
something to say. As he is not in his seat—I
presume on account of illness—I suggest whether
it would not be advisable to postpone it for the
present.
Mr. FOOT. The question on the joint resolu-
tion proposed to be taken up by the Senator from
Massachusetts is on an amendment moved by my
colleague. That amendment is deemed important
by him, and I believe by the Senate generally.
He is not in his seat this morning—1 presume
from physical indisposition.
Mr. WILSON. On that suggestion I will with-
draw the motion, although I am very anxious to
have a vote on that proposition. It seems tome
we are delaying action quite too long upon it. 1
withdraw that motion, and will move to take up
the joint resolution introduced by the Senator
from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilkinson,] extending
the benefits of the bounty granted by the act of
July 22, 1861, to certain soldiers who entered the
service of the United States prior to May 3,18G1.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The question on the
bill now before the Senate 
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no bill
now before the Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Well,the first ques-
tion on the joint resolution to equalize the pay of
soldiers of the United States Army is on an amend-
ment proposed by myself to the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer.] I
have some papers here fiom the War Depart-
ment that I desire to use when that amendment to
the amendment cornes up, and I ask that they be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order to print
will be made, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
BOUNTY TO VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. WILSON. I renew my motion to take up
Senate joint resolution No. 20.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (S. No. 20) extending the
benefits of the bounty granted by the act of July
; 22, 1861, to certain soldiers who entered the ser-
vice of the United States prior to May 3, 1861.
It proposes to extend the benefits of the act to
authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in
enforcing the laws and protecting the public prop-
erty, approved July 22, 1861, so as to be npphca-
j ble to and operate for the benefit of nil volunteers
I who were mustered into the service of the United
j States prior to the date of the President's procla-
j mation of May 3, 1661, provided such volun-
1 teers shall have served the time prescribed in that
J act under such enlistment necessary to entitle them
I to the bounty therein piovided fui. It also pro-
! poses to extend the provisions of section six of the
I act of July 22, 1861, to the widows and heirs of
such as have been or may be killed or die in the
scrvice.
Mr. DAVIS. I move an amendment in the
form of an additional section:
Sre. 2. •Anil he it further enacted, That in every ea«e
where heretofoie an) person has? agieed to join and has in
tact joined, or heiuakei may join, the imhtaty horvice of
: ttie United States, and ha* been received into the -aid &er-
! vice by any military officer thereof, the pci-on *0 joining
and iccojved into Mich service ^hall, for all purposes vvhat-
, ever, be deemed to have been ie<rulaily mtMeied into the
| said service in the position of olhcer, non-commissioned
I othrer, or pnvnte, in which he may have soived, notwith.
siandimj he may not have been mu-tered in aecouling to
| law and the leyuiatioiisol the War Derailment.
j I explained this proposition to the Senate at the
i last session, and I will just say a word now in
; regat d to it.
i In my own State there were troops that attached
] themselves to certain regiments. They were rc-
; ceivedinto the service by the commandants of the
| regiments, and one regiment in paiticular was
i maiched to two battle-fields and engaged in both
I battles before they were regularly mustered in ac-
cording to the regulations of the Department. In
each of those battles some of the men were killed,
some were disabled, and some were slightly
wounded. One of the soldiers was in my office
a few days before I left home. He bad lost his
right arm. The sole object of my amendment is
to provide for this state of case, that where a
corps in fact is mustered into the military service
and is in fact accepted by a colonel commanding
or other commander, and does in fact serve, it
shall be considered to all purposes whatever to
have been regularly mustered in, and shall receive
the same pay, bounty, &c., that it would have re-
ceived if the men had been regularly mustered in
according to the regulations of the Department.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not know tlmt I
should have any objection to the amendment of
the Senator from Kentucky as a separate meas-
ure; but I ask him not to incumber this resolu-
tion by his amendment, but to bring it up as a
separate proposition. I offered this joint icsolu-
tion in consequcnce of a decision of the paymas-
ter's department. Since the resolution was of-
fered I have received a letter from the Solicitor
of the War Department in which he informs me
that the decision he had made, and upon which
decision the pay department acted, was not in-
tended to cover such a case as this resolution was
drawn to meet.
The facts are that a Minnesota regiment—and
I understand there are one or two other regiments
in precisely the same situation—entered the ser-
vice prior to the President's proclamation calling
out three years' troops. The regiment from Min-
nesota, for instance, was mustered in on the 29th
day of April, 1861. The call forthree years'men
was in the beginning of May. The Secretary of
War would not order them to Washington un-
less they would agree to go in as three years'
men. They accepted that proposition and all
went in as three years' men, but their muster-
roll stood as they were first mustered in, dated
29th day of April. In the " memorandum index"
of the pay department they refer to this decision
of the Solicitor:
"A volunteer soldier enlisted prior to date of President's
pioclamatiou May 3,18GJ, and ol General Order No. 15, May
4, Ifctil, is not entitled to bounty of $100 under the act of
July 2Q, 1861."—Decision of Solicitor of War Department %
June 15, 1863.
I understand since the little discussion thatarose
on the resolution when it was first introduced,
that the pay department did not correctly inter-
pret the full decision of the Solicitor of the War
Department; that it only was intended to apply
to the three months'men and not to men who act-
ually enlisted for three years, although their mus-
ter-roll dated back to a period when there were no
three years' men called out. This resolution only
applies to three years' men or those who have
served two years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator from
Minnesota if now, under the explanation which
has been given to that decision, it is necessary to
pass this resolution at all?
I Mr. WILKINSON. I was going to say that
j I do not known whether the pay department js
I now governed by that decision. This inemoran-
! dum index, which is issued by the pay depart-
! ment for the government of all paymasteis in the
service, seems to exclude these soldiers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the resolution had
better go over, because it is very general in its
terms, and we do not know how far it reaches.
The Senator says the Solicitor has made a new
decision since this resolution was introduced,
which I understand covers the case;perhaps, there-
fore, he does not care about its being urged now.
Mr. WILKINSON. It may go over.
Mr. WILSON. Undertheseci rcuinstances, I
move to postpone the further consideration of the
1 resolution, and I will now renew the motion to
! take up tin; joint resolution equalizing the pay of
[ soldiers. The Senator from Vermont is now
! present.
| The motion was agreed to.
PAY OIi' COLORED TROOPS.
The consideration of the joint resolution (S.
No. 23) to equalize the pay of soldiers in the Uni-
ted States Army was resumed as in Committee
of the Whole, the. pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Wilson to the amendment of
Mr. Collamer. The amendment of Mr. Wil-
son was to insett the word "free" before the
