1914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
" misdemeanor" and insetting m lieu thereof the
word " felony," so that it will read: j
Any person who shall fraudulently obtain or use any of j
the afoie^aid stamps or designs therefor, and any person
forginir, 01 counteifeiting, or causing or procuring the forg-
ing or counterfeiting any representation, likeness, simili-
tude, or colorable imitation of the said last-mentioned
stamp, or any engraver or printer who shall sell or give
away said statu ps, or soiling the same, or, being a merchant,
broker, peddler, or person dealing, in whole or irr part, in
similar goods, wares, merchandise, manufactures, prepa-
rations, or article1?, or those designed for similar objects or
purposes, shall have knowingly or fraudulently in his, her,
or their possession any such ioirged^counterteited likeness,
similitude, or colorable imitation of the said lastmentioned
stamp, shall be deemed guilty of a felony, and, upon con-
viction thereof, shall be subject to all the penalties, fines,
and foifeuures piesciibed in the preceding section of this
act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. On page 28, section twenty-
seven, 1 move to change in line two the word
" ten" to the word " twenty," so as to make it
read:
That each of said collectors shall, within twenty days
after receiving his annual collection list from the assessors,
le^pectively, us afoiesaid, give notice, by advertisement
publishpfHu each county in Ins collection district, in one
newspaper plinted in such county, if any such there be,
and by notifications to be posted up in at least four public
places in <ach county in his collection district, that the said
duties have become due and payable, and state the time
and place within said county at which he orhis deputy will
attend to receive the same, which time shall not be less
than ten days after such notification.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. In lines thirty-five and thirty-
seven I move the same amendment, so as to make
the clause read:
And with rcf-pcct to all such duties or taxes as are not
included m the annual lists afore^id, and all taxes and
duties the collection of winch is not otherwise provided
tor in this act, it shall be the duty of each collector, in per-
son or by deputy, to demand payment thereof, in the man-
ner last mentioned, within twenty days from and after re-
ceiving the list thereof from the asses&oi, or within twenty
days fiom and after the expiration of the time within which
such duty or tax should have been paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following section being under considera-
tion—
Snc. 73. J1nd bo it fwtUer euw.teil, That in every case
where more than one of the pin suit®, employments, or oc-
cupation^, hereinafter dc-jeubed, shall be pursued or carried
on in the same plaee by the same pereou at the tame time,
except as therein mentioned, license mu^t he taken out for
each according tri the latcs severally pi escribed—
Mr. KASSON. I move to add at the end
thereof as follows:
Provided, That in towns having a less population than
six thousand persons, according to the lust preceding cen-
sus, one license *o applied for may"embrace the business
of insurance agents, land-warrant brokers, elmm agents,
and real estate agents, upon payment of the highest fee
applicable to either one of said pursuits.
My reason for offering this amendment is, that
in those small towns the persons who engage in
these put suits make barely a living, the amount
of business transacted by them being very small.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. On page 97, in line four bun-
dled and nine, I move to amend by stiiking out
the word "others" and inserting in lieu thereof
the woids " more than one person under him or
them."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. I1ASSON. I submital so another amend-
ment, for which I have not the authorify of the
Committee of Ways and Means, but to which 1
desire to call the attention of this committee. I
move to strike out ot lines four hundred and eleven
and four hundred and twelve, same section, the
woids " who shall not have taken out a license
as a manufacturer," so that the paragraph as
amended would read:
47. Miners shnil pay for each and every license the sum
of ten dollars. Every person, firm, or company who shall
employ more than one person under him or them in the 1
business of mining for coal, for gold, silver, quicksilver !
copper, lead, iron, zinc, spelter, or other minerals,shall be
regarded as a miner under this act.
1 desire to say upon that amendment that the
business of the miner is as distinct from that of
the manufacturer as is the business of the manu-
facturer of goods from that of the person who
sells them at retail or wholesale. The object of
the Committee of Ways and Means has been not
to tequirc the pet son who actually works in the
nutifs to take out a license. At the same time,
u w>em« to me that the person engaged in the busi-
ness of manufacturing minerals ought not to be
required to pay a license as a miner, the business
of mining and manufacturing being entirely dis-
tinct.
Mr. SHANNON. I desire to offer a remark
or two upon this subject, and to enable me to do
so I will move to strike out the whole section.
Now, sir, there are no people in this country who
understand better the condition ofthe Government
than the miners. They fully realize the fact that
we have reached a point where it becomes neces-
sary for the Government to tax heavily or perish.
And, sir, there are no people in this country who
are more willing to contribute to the preservation
of this Government than the loyal miners on the
Pacific coast. There are no people more liberal
than they are. They are as willing to give their
last dollar as are the people of Iowa, to whom the
gentleman from that State [Mr. Wilson] this af-
ternoon referred.
But, sir, there are two modes of taxation—one
is to tax the peoplein a manner thatis notodious,
and the other is to tax them in an odious and ob-
noxious manner. And this, sir, is one of the lat-
ter class.
It is true that the gentleman seeks so to qualify
his section by the amendment, that the person
who mines for himself on individual enterprise
shall not be required to pay for a license; that the
license shall be confined to the person or persons
who employ others. Now, sir, in a certain class
of mining, called tunnel mining, the only way the
mines can be opened is by a laige classof miners
associating together and employing others. I
have known companies of that kind to work for
one, two, three, four, and five years, running a
bed-rock tunnel without receiving one dollar. And
probably, after they get through the mountain,
after they have succeeded in getting through the
tunnel, they then get not a dollar, because there
are no minerals there.
Now, sir, to impose a tax of ten dollars upon
each one of these companies running bed-rock tun-
nels, without knowing whether they are to receive
anything for their labor or not, is, in my judgment,
unjust, it is not just to tax them on probabilities,
on what are called hazards, on uncertainties,which
are the peculiarity of this description of mining.
{ undertake to say that while probably not so in-
tended, it is an outrage upon that kind of miners
and mining.
Where a company employs others to prospect
a quartz vein and operates two or three years
without making a single cent, not knowing
whether or not there is anything in the vein until
they have determined that fact by dint of labor
and capital, 1 say that to impose a tax upon that
labor is obnoxious. You may realize but a few
dollars from this tax, but I hope that the com-
mittee will impose it in some other way. Im-
pose a tax upon the product or in some other
way; then you will get the same amount of rev-
enue, and the tax will not be obnoxious.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia says that the miners of his part of the
country understand the necessities of the Govern-
ment as well as any other people, and that they
are as ready to perform their duty in respect to
paying taxes. 1 believe it.
This section of the bill is not intended to apply
exclusively to California, but is intended to ap-
ply to all who are engaged in mining, whether of
iron, coal, copper, lead, silver, or gold. By strik-
ing out this provision we will lose a vast amount
of money in all of the States. I trust that the
committee will not be guilty of such a neglect of
duty as to abandon the subject of license of mi-
ners when we restrict and narrow the description
of them more than any other license in the whole
bill. We do not impose the tax on anybody at
all who does not employ more than one person.
Mr. SHANNON. Just a moment. Still the
miners will-look upon it in this way: that it is
charging them for the privilege of finding a mine.
I say, sir, that a man who finds a mine is a ben-
efactor not only to himself but to the country.
The miners will look upon this tax in this way.
If a tax is to be imposed let it be made less ob-
noxious.
Mr. MORRILL. The argument would hold
good if the miners of California were taxed when j
they start out to hunt the hidden treasures of
Captain Kidd. [Laughter.] But they are not.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to inbeit after the word
"miners" the words " actually producing min-
eral."
Mr. Chairman, it may have been well said by
the gentleman from Vermont that there are many
other kinds of miners included as well as those
of gold; men who mine for iron ore, men who
mine for lead, and men who mine for copper;
but the mines which the gentleman has in his
mind are all producing mineral. But there is a
vast expenditure of laborand capital in Califor-
nia, and in all the Territories where the precious
metals are found, in the way of "prospecting,"
from which frequently not a cent is returned.
Now this paragraph would cover that class of
men, and I do not think it is right. They should
not be made to pay a tax until mineral is pro-
duced.
The paragraph was read, as follows:
47. Minersshail pay for each and every license th^snm
of ten dollars. Every person, firm, or company who shall
employ others in the business of mining for coal, for gold,
silver, quicksilver, copper, lead, iron, zinc, spelter, or other
minerals, who shall not have taken outalicense as a man-
ufacturer, shall be regarded asa miner under this act.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the gentleman from
California whether his object would not be ac-
complished by striking out the word " for" where
it occurs before the words "coal" and " gold."
The paragraph was not intended to cover cases
of " prospecting."
Mr. H1GBY. The object is this: that these
miners should not be compelled to pay this li-
cense until they have mines producing mineral.
I passed a claim last year, while making a can-
vass of the State, where they had been at work
for two years with an expenditure of $30,000 and
had made nothing. And those instances are com-
mon in California.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ac-
cept the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa?
Mr. HIGBY. I do, with the words to be in-
serted which 1 have indicated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The next reserved sec-
tion is on page 106, which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 85. Jlndbcit further enacted, That any person, firm,
company, or corporation manufacturing or producing good*,
wares, and merchandise, sold or removed for consumption
or use, upon which duties or taxes are imposed by law,
shall, m their return of the value and quantity, render an
account of the full amount of actual sales made by the
manufacturer, producer, or agent thereof, and shall state in
a separate column the items and account of the deductions,
if any, claimed; whether any part, and if so, what part,
of said goods, wares, and merchandise has been consumed
or used by the owner, owners, or agent, or used for the
production of any other manufacture or pioduct, together
with the market value of the same at the tune ot such use
or consumption; whethei such goods, wates. and merchan-
dise were shipped for a foreign port ot conti"p*jd to auction
f or commission merchants, other than agent?7 tor sale; and
i shall make a return according to the value at the place of
shipment, when shipped lor a foreign poit, or according to
the value at the plaee of manufacture oi pioduction, when
removed for use or consumption, or consigned to otheis
than agents of the manufacturer or pioducer, &c.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to add after the
word "producer," where it last occurs, the fol-
lowing:
The value and quantity of goods, wares, and merchan-
dise required to be stated as aforesaid, and subject to ad
valorem duty, shall be estimated by the actual sales by tiir 
manufacturer, or by his, her, or their agents or persons act-
ing in his, her, or their behalf.
I will merely say that that is in the present law,
and was accidentally omitted in this bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRfLL. I move to amend, in lines
twenty-seven and twenty-eight, page 106, by
striking out the words "the actual commissions
paid, but not exceeding three per cent.," and in-
serting in lieu thereof " the reasonable commis-
sions and other expenses bona fide paid." This
relates to the deductions allowed to the manufac-
turer of goods upon sale thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend on line
ninety-three, page 118, by inserting after the word
"juice" the words " when removed from the plant-
ation." This will make the duty on molasses,
&c., payable whenever it is removed from the
plantation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend on page
119, line one hundred and four, by striking out
" one" and inserting " two," so as to make the
duty on the gross amount of the sales of sugar
