870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
as it is said, and mustered into the service under
that enlistment, and no objection whatever was
made to the contract thus made by them, as be-
tween them and us it is manifestly just and proper
that they should be paid the thirteen dollars a
month. I do not undertake to dispute that, and
have not from the beginning; but they are indi-
vidual cases. There may be one or two other
regiments in the same category. I will say to
my honorable friend from Kansas that under the
circumstances of which he has spoken the Kan-
sas regiment having been enlisted, as I under-
stand, and mustered into service before the law
of 1862 was passed, and having performed^ the
service, are manifestly, withoutany law, entitled
to be paid the same as other soldiers. He has
no need of any amendment in regard to them, if
the time of their enlistment was, as I understand
it to have been, before the passage of the law of
which I liave been speaking.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I will ask the Sena-
tor from Maine what remedy these men have
except by an appeal to Congress. The War De-
partment has decided not to pay them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not speaking of
what the War Department has decided. They,
of course, cannot go and put their hands into the
Treasury; but I say they are entitled to be paid,
in my judgment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Then I hope the
Senator will not be afraid to say so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will hear
me through, he will find probably what I do in-
tend to say about it. There are the two Massa-
chusetts regiments, the two South Carolina regi-
ments, and the Kansas regiment, entitled to claim
the thirteen dollars for the whole time of their
service, and there may be one or two others in
the same position. Take them altogether, how-
over, they are a very small number compared with
the great mass of colored men who have been en-
listed.
Hut now what is the remedy of my honorable
friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] and
it is tins to which I wish to call his attention,
lie brought in a bill here providing in the first
part of it that the colored soldiers hereafter en-
listed into the service of the United States should
be put upon the same ground in all particulars
wiili tin1 white soldiets. To that I expiessed my
immediate assent. It carried out my original
id<M. To be sure they made a contract, and not-
withstanding t.hoy had made a conti act 1 was per-
fectly willing, nml so expressed myself, that they
should be placed upon the same level with the
white troops, because the original reason held
good, and that was that I feared the effect upon
them that might be produced if we made a dis-
tinction between them and our other troops.
What I objected to was the other clause, which
was, my ft lend will remember, in general terms,
and embraced not only the two Massachusetts
regiments and the South Carolina regiments, but
embraced all the coloied troops, the whole .sixty
thousand, whether they wanted the increase or
not, whethet there was any mistake about it in
regard to them or not. I mquiied at that time
whether it was so or not, and the honorable chair-
man of the Military Committee said yes, it was.
Icalled his attention and the attention of the Sen-
ate to it. 1 felt bound to do so, not only from
my general duty as a Senator, but from the posi-
tion that has been assigned me here to keep a
careful watch on bills making appropriations of
the public money, because 1 am understood to
look a little nt the matter of money.
My ftiend's remedy was a bad one. He did
not choose to take up the case of his two Massa-
chusetts regiments and the two South Carolina
regiments and put them in a bill by themselves,
and include with them any others who might be
in the same category; but he brought in a sweep-
ing clause to put all the colored men, the slaves
on the Mississippi river, and all that large num-
ber who had been enlisted anywhere, and to go
back to the date of their original enlistment, and
to pay them all from the beginning thirteen dol-
lars a month. That showed itself to the Senate
to be manifestly improper. The honorable Sen-
ator's colleague [Mr. Sumner] expressed at the
time of that debate his willingness to assent to the
distinction to be made. He did not claim, and
he said he did not claim, that all should be paid on
that category; but he was willing that it should
be confined to those who were placed in those pe-
culiar circumstances under a contract to receive a
larger amount. Everybody else assented to the
propriety of the suggestion. The honorable Sen-
ator himself assented to it.
The objection that I made then and that I make
now is to a general clause covering such im-
mense ground, and introduced merely with a view
to provide for the few regiments that stood before
us in the peculiar attitude occupied by those which
lhavenamed. Isitnotso,sir? Is not that what
was in the honorable Senator's mind and in the
mind of his colleague? They wished to provide
for individual cases. They were told in the Senate
Chamber by gentlemen around me m ordinary
conversation, Bring in your bill to provide for
your special cases and we will consider and pass
it, but we cannot puta clause upon this bill which
will cover a million or a million and a half or two
million dollars, and be applicable to some forty
or fifty thousand men who perfectly understood
at the time of their enlistment what they were to
receive, and who have never complained of it and
never asked forany more." That is substantially
the position in which it stood and the objection
that I made, and to the correctness arid propriety
of which they acceded at the time.
Again the question comes up. I have received
some letters, very proper letters, from officers of
the South Carolina regiments explaining the po-
sition in which they stood. If that enlistment
was such as is claimed under the authority given
which I have read, (although there was no power
to give it if it was after our law was passed,) the
contract ought to be kept. It is like other cases
of misapprehension, and if they enlisted under
those circumstances they should receive the thir-
teen dollars a month. If the regiments which were
enlisted in Massachusetts have been received into
the service and mustered in, as they undoubtedly
have been, and rendered most gallant and noble
service too, although there was no original au-
thority to promise them the thirteen dollars, it
was a misapprehension in my judgment; ycthav-
ing been received they should be paid according
to their contract. I do not dispute that; but we
have properly established the principle here that
in these general bills intended to cover general
grounds and provide for masses, we will not have,
i fit is possible to prevent it, amendments providing
for individual cases. Why? Becausein making
those amendments wc were apt to carry them a
great deal further than we intended. Now let me
ask the Senator from Massachusetts what would
have been the effect if the Senate had acted on his
bill without attention being called to it? Did he
intend to pay the forty or fifty thousand men on
the Mississippi, if there are as many as that, who
enlisted understandingly for ten dollars a month?
Yet that would have been the effect of it.
When the Senate had pretty much come to a
conclusion on the subject, my honorable friend
from Vermont comes up with another case. The
case js a strong one. I told him at the time that
1 considered it so, that it ought to be provided for;
but I suggested to him that even he probably did
not understand how far his own amendment
would extend, and this morning he comes in ad-
mitting the fact that it extended the Lord knows
where, all over all the States except the rebel
Slates, and intioduced fteeruen and slaves and all
others who came within the description in his
amendment, and upon that there have been one
or two more amendments placed,and the Senator
from Kansas has still another, it shows the im-
piopriety of such legislation, and that is what I
object to. We never shall know wheie we are,
we never can tell in what condition the Treasury
is unless wc have each of these cases examined
by itself and placed upon its own footing, and
not stuck on to these general bills and passed in
a huiry on the explanations given by individual
members, who think they have a very clear idea
of it, but cannot have ideas for other people.
Now, sir, what I ask is, that this bill which
provides for placing all our troops on an equality
shall be passed by itself; and I am even content
to go back to the Jst day of January, and place
the colored troops on the same levehn all partic-
ulars, if you will, as the white troops from that
time, except in regard to bounty; and even as to
that I am willing to pay the bounty if it is thought
best by the Senate, for I do not like to have any
distinctions made; and I shall not be particular
on that point. Pass the bill and settle the prin-
ciple as it ought to be settled; place the colored
troops on the same level with the white troops in
all cases; let them receive the same pay and ra-
tions and everything else. I have been in favor
of it from the beginning; and I preceded the hon-
orable Senators from Massachusetts upon that
point; and I adhere to my original position in
relation to it.
What I object to is, that after you have made
a contract understandingly with men, and a con-
tract beneficial to them, with which they are con-
tented, you shall, merely upon an idea, putyour
hands into the Treasury, go back to their original
enlistment, and pay them money which they do
not ask for, and which they ought not to receive
if they have been well paid, as they have been
substantially. I am opposed to it because we are
in no condition to do it. We cannotafford to deal
in that way with subjects relating to money.
Neither is it just unless you extend it further.
I ask whether we should have had such an up-
roar throughout the country if this amendment
had been in regard to three or four or more white
regiments, to.go back and pay them an additional
sum from the time of their enlistment, and the
principle had been objected to. It would not have
excited in my judgment any remark or any feel-
ing; and neither would this if it h^ad not been en-
tirely misrepresented and misunderstood from the
beginning. We all know that the white troops
are not all upon the same level. They have re-
ceived differentamounts of bounty. If I remem-
ber rightly, the pay of those who first entered the
service was only eleven dollars a month. Itwas
afterwards raised to thirteen dollars; but we have
never had a proposition to go back and pay those
original soldiers their thirteen dollars from the
beginning. The bounties our first troops received
were the merest trifle in the world; and the most
of them have nearly served out their period of
three years; and there has been no proposition
to put them on an equality with those to whom
we pay four or five hundred dollars, and to whom
the towns are paying as much more. If thisout-
cry that has been made for justice to the colored
man is to prevail to the extent proposed, let us
have the same kind of justice for the white man,
and go back and equalize everybody from the be-
ginning. If that were proposed generally you
would perceive very soon where your Treasury
would be under such circumstances.
Although I am in favor of the proposition of my
honorable friend from Vermont, I hope he will
withdraw his amendment and take a separate Uill
upon which these special cases can be put, be-
cause he has already seen that he has had propo-
sition after proposition put upon it, and he will
have, in whatever shape he chooses to place it.
Mr. COLLAMER. If it is offered as a private
bill, the same amendments may be proposed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A private bill can gather
in the cases, and then they can be understood,
and if it is sent to a committee they can put in
that bill all the cases which need correction, and
they will not be examined merely in the Senate
loosely and carelessly. I wish to see this bill
carry out Us original idea, do that which should
have been done at first, place all the soldiers of
the Republic on an equality, and leave the ques-
tions which have since arisen, leave the hard
cases to be taken care of on their own merits as
they will be.
Sir, there is no sort of backwardness in the
Senate or in the House of Representatives to do
justice to our soldiers, whether colored or other-
wise. There never has been the slightest hesita-
tion in any quarter. We have not only been
disposed to be just, but to be generous to them.
There has been no delay that should be com-
plained of. To be sure, letters which we receive
say this thing is put off and delayed, and men
aie suffering. They come from men who do not
understand the business of Congress. We can-
not do all things in a day. They have not yet
found out at the other end of the avenue that
things cannot be done in five minutes here, be-
cause it very frequently happens that matters
which are under consideration there for a month,
and put off until the last moment before they are
sent to Congress, are sent with a request that they
shall be passed through immediately, for there is
gieat haste. It must be understood that delib-
erative bodies neccssauly require time, and that
