2892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
the negative—yeas 57, nays 66, not voting 58; as
follows:
YEAS— Meters. Allison, Ames, Ashley, John L>. Bald-
win, Baxter, Beaman, Blame, Boyd, Brandcgec, Ambrose
W. Clark, Cole, Thomas T. Davis. Dixon, Drives, Eckley,
Fcnton, Frank, Iligby,Hooper.Hotehkns, Asahel VV. flub-
baid, John H. Hublwid, Jenckcs, Kelley, Francis VV. Kel-
logg, Orlando Kellogg, Littlejolm, Loan, Longyear,Marvin,
Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morris, A^ios
Myers, Leonard Myers, Charles O'NeW, Oith, Patterson,
Perham, Pike, Price, John H. Rice, Schenck, Scofield,
Shannon, Sloant Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Thayer, Tracy,
Upson, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, and Windom—57.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Alien, William J. Allen, Al-
ley, Anderson, Baily, Augustus 0. Baldwin, Blair, Bliss,
Boutwell, Brooks, James S. Brown, Ciianler, Cobb, Cof-
fioth, Cox, Dawes, Dawson, Eden, Edgerton, Eldiidge,
Finck,G«uson,Gooch,Grider,Griawold, Harding, Harring-
ton, Charles M Darns, [lcnick, Dolman, Iugersoll,William
Johnson, Kalbfleisch. King. Knapp. Law. Lazear, Le Blond,
Long, Mailory. Marey,McCluig,McDowell. James LI. Mor-
ris. Morrison, Noble, Pendleton, Samuel J Randall, Robin-
son, Smith, Smithers, Jolm B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Stiles, Stu.ut, Sweat, Thomas. Wadj-woith, Waid, Web-
ster, Whaley, Wheolet, Chilton A. White, Joseph W.
White, Wmfield, and Fernando Wood—66. *
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona, Arnold, Blow, Broom-
all, William G. Brown, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cravens,
Creswell, Homy Winter Davi , Doming, Dcnison, Don-
nelly, Dumont, Eliot, English, Fariifworth. Garfield,Grin-
nell, Hale, Hall, Benjamin G. Harris, Hulburd, I-lutchin<*,
Philip Johnson, Julian, Kasson, Keman, McAllister, Mc-
Biide, Mclndoe, MeKinney.Middleton, William II. Miller,
Nelson, Noiton, Odcll, Jolm O'Neill, Pony, Pomeroy,
Piuvn, Radfoid, William H. Randall, Alexander II. Rice,
Rogers, Edward FL Rolims,,Jame* S. Rollins, Ros>, Scott,
S(f*b! jn«, Strouse, Van Valkcnhurgh, Voorhee*, Elihu B.
Washbume, William B. Washburn, Benjamin Wood,
WoodbrIdge,and Yeainan—08.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the roll-call,
Mr. NORTON stated that he had paired off
with his colleague, Mr. Farnswortii. He (Mr.
Norton) would have voted for the amendment,
and his colleague would have voted against it.
Mr. SMITH moved to rcconsidor the vote by
which the amendment was rejected; and* also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Kentucky will withdraw the motion, and let the
House lake the vote on the resolutions.
Mr. SMITH. 1 withdraw the motion to re-
consider.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was rejected.
The question next recurred on the first resolu-
tion reported by the Committee of Elections—
that William Jayno is not entitled to a seat in
this House as a Delegate from the Territory of
Dakota in the Thirty-Eighth Congress.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to lay the whole
subject on the table.
Mr. DAWES. 1 hope thegentleman will rrc-
ollcct that the success of that motion would give
the seat to Jaync, who, the gentleman himself
admits, is not entitled to it.  
Mr. SCOFIELD. It is proper for me to say
that i did not design such a result.
The SPEAKER. That would be the result.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I lenewit. Jaync is bad
enough, but he is better Lhan thcother. 1 demand
the yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas nnd nays wore ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 1G, nays 95, not voting 70; as
follows:
YEAS—Mo^is. Ashley, Cnl<\ Drisgs, Eckley, Frank,
Iligoy, liotchkiss, Asahcl W. Hubbard, Amos Myers, Pat-
U'imiu, Seh<"'iiek, Shannon, Sloan, Spalding, Sun, and
William-—5G.
"NAYS—Mews. James C. Aili'ii. William J. Allen, Al-
lison, Andei-u'i, Bailv, Augustu- C. Baldwin, John 1).
Baldwin, Baxtei, Beaman, Blame, Plan, Bli^s, Bout-
Well, Boyd, Brandegee, Btooks, Jaim*\ S. Blown, Ciian-
ler, Cobb, Cofluuh, Cox. Ciavci-, Thomas T. DavH,
Pawe1-, Daw>on, Dixon, Eden, Edizeiton, Eidiidce, Eliot,
Fmck, Gannon, Gooeh, Gitdtfr, GumvoM, Hardin:;, Hai-
nnjjton, Charles M. Harris, Herrick. Ilohnan, Jonn U. Hub-
bard, [i)srei?oli, J"iu kes, William Johnson. Julian, Kalb-
fh im ii. Kellcv, ICint", Knapp, Law. Lazear, Le Blond, Lit-
tlejo'm, L'ui2,Lfm jear,i\1,tilniy.M«troy,Marvin,Meeting,-
McDowefl. M<-lmioe, Daniel Moiri*, Janie*. R. M01 n*, Mor-
rison, L< onaid Myers, Noble, Charles O'Neill, Pendleton,
Peiham, Pikv. Puee, Samuel J. Randall. John H.Rice,
Koinm-on, Smith, Smithfcis, John B. Steele. William G.
Steele, Stile-, Smart, Sweat, Thayci, Thomas, Traey,
W.ul-wmth, Waid, Webster, Whaley, Whcelei, Clulion
A. White, Jo.-eph W. 'W hite, V\ lidei, Wil&on, Windom,
ami Fernando Wood—9 j.
NOT VOTING—Me^is. Alley, A met?, Ancona, Arnold,
Blow, Bioomall, William G. Biown, Ambrose W. Ciark,
Freeman Clarke, Clay, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis,
Demmg, DeniMm, Donnelly, Dumont, English,Farnsworth,
Fenton, Garjield,Gunnell,HaIe, Hall, Benjamin G. Harris,'
Hooper, Hulbuid, Hutehm>, Philip Johnson, Kasson, Fian-
cisW. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Kernan, Loan,McAllister,
McBiide, McKinney, Middleton, Samuel F. Miller, Wil-
liam II. Miller, Moothead, Morrill, Nelson, Noiton, Odell,
John O'Neill, Orth, Perry. Pomeroy, Piuyn, Radt'ord, Wil-
liam II. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Rogers, Edward JI.
Rollins, James S. Rollins, Ross, Scofield, Scott, Stebhms,
Stevens, Strouse, Upson, VanVafkenburgh,Vr>orhces, Elihu
B. Washbume, William B. Washburn, Wmfield, Benja-
min Wood, Woodbridge, and Yeaman—70.
During the roll-call,
Mr. STEVENS stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Winfield.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATI3.
A message from the Senate was received by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that the Senate have agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
198) making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1865.
WAR NEWS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the'following dispatch from the
Secretary of War:
War Department,
Washington, June 11, 186-i, 2 p. m.
Sin: Official reports fiom the headquarters of the army
of the Potomac down to five o'clock yesterday evening
detail no movement* ofimpoitance.
A dispatch (rom General Shciman, dated yesterday, states
that our cavalry yesterday (Thm>dciy, 9th) developed the
position of ihe enemy 111 a line along the hills from Kene-
saw to Lost Moiintafn, and we are now marching by the
road* toward Kenesaw.
A dir-patch from Genera! Butler, dated this morning at
one o'clock, repot ts  4 all quiet along our lines. Yesterdaj'
Geneial Kautz charged ihe enemy's works at Petersburg
and carried them, ponetiatmg the town, but not being sup-
ported by Geneial Gdhnore, who had withdrawn his force1?
withouta conflict. General Kant/, was obligedio withdtaw
without luithei effect. General Kautz captuied forty pris-
oners and one piece of artillery which he biought away
with him."
A di>jjareh from General Canl>>, dated Vickslnug, Juno
4, states tliat k< General Emoiy lepmts tint nn attempt by
Tavlor's force to cio^hthe Atchafalaya had been ttustrated,
the troops that had cto^ed dispersed, and a laige quantity
of eotmni.-iSnry stores and clothing captured."
Geneial Bui budge, commanding in Kentucky, in a dis-
patch dated j esterdav, at Lexington, reports that, " after
concentrating n lorce at the mouth of Beaver creek, on Big
Sandy, 1 moved agau^t Morgan'^ force in Virginia, west
as iar as Glade>ville. Motgati, with twenty-five hundred
men, moved into Kentuekj via Whitcsburg. I pursued,
and bj ni.tichm^ ninety miles in twcntj-lour houis, camc
upon him at Mount Sterling yesterday morning and de-
feated him. By stealing irefh hor.-es, he leached Lexing-
ton attwo o'clock this a. m. Our forces held the fort, and
the itbeK did but little damage. He left here at seven
a. m. foi Versailles. I start in puisuit with a fresh lotee
ibi-. evening."
No ollicial lepoit has yet been icccivcd fjoin Geneial
Hunter.
You% obedient servant,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary oj JVar.
Hon, Schuyler Colfax, Speaker House of Representatives.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the House ad-
journ.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his motion to adjourn to enable me to make
a report from u committee of conference.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 will withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. I submit whether it is in order
to interfere with the business before the House
by a report of a committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. The report of a committee
of conference is a question of very high privilege,
one which will even interrupt the speech of a mem-
ber; but the Chair doubts whether, after the pre-
vious question has been seconded and the main
question ordered on a question of piivdege af-
fecting the right of a member to' his seat, it can
be entertained except by unanimous consent. The
Chair has not examined the authoiities, but he
thinks the report of the committee of conference
cannot interrupt the business before the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well; if the gentleman
objects, I have nothing to say.
Mr. DAWES. I object at this moment. We
shall dispose of this contested-election matter in
a very few minutes.
Mr. SLOAN. I move that the House do now
adj"urn.
Mr. ASHLEY called for the yeas and nays on
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered—ayes 23,
noes 75.
Mr. COX. I call for tellers on the yeas and
nays. 1 want to stop this filibustering. [Laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER. One fifth the members have
voted for the yeas and nays, and have the right
under the Constitution to order the yeas and nays.
The Chair therefore decides that the call for tellers
is not in order.
The question was taken on Mr. Sloan's mo-
tion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
40, nays 71, not voting 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Beaman, Brandegee", Ambrose W. Claik,
Cole, Dixon, Drigg«, Fckley, Eliot, Frank, Hotehkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbaid, John IL Hubbard, Hulburd, Julian,
Keiley, Francis W. Kellogg, Littlejolm, Longyear. Mc-
Clurg, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morris,
Amos Myers, Leonaul Myers, Chailes O'Neill, Patterson,
Alexander II. Rice, Schcnck.' Scotield, Shannon, Sloan,
Spalding, Starr,Thayer, Tiacy, Upson, Williams, Wilder,
and Wnuiorn—40.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Al-
ley, Allison, Anderson, Baily* Ausruj-tu* (J. Baldwin, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter, Blair, Bliss, Bounveil, Biooks, James
S. Brown, Chanlor, Cobb, CofTioth, Cox, Thomas T. Da-
vis, Dawes, Dawson, Eden, Edgerton, Eklndge, Finck,
Gannon, Gooch, Glider, Griswold, Harrington, CharlesM.
Hariis, IIcinek, IIolman, Ing  rsoli, Jenckcs,William John-
son, Kalbfleisch, King, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond,
Long, Mailory,Marcy, Marvin, McDowell, James R. Mor-
ris, Morrison, Noble, Pciham, Pike, Samuel J. Randall,
John II. Rice, Robinson, Ross, Smith, Snuthers, John B.
Steele, Stiles, Sumit, Sweat, Thomas, Wndswoith, Ward,
Webster, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W.
White, and Fernando Wood—71.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Amec, Ancona, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Blaine, Blow, Boyd, Broomall, William G. Brown,
Fieeman Clarke, Clay, Ciavens, Creswell, Henry Winter
'Davis, Deming, Dcnison, Donnelly. Dumont, English,
Farn^woith, Fcnton, Garfield, Gritmell, Hale, Hall, Haul-
ing, Benjamin G. Hariis, Higby, Hooper, Hutching, Phihp
Johnson, Kasson, Oilando Kellogg, Keroan, Loan, McAl-
!i<ter, McBridc, Mclndoe, McKmney,Middleton, William
II. Miller, Nelson, Norton, Odell,John O'Neill, Orth, Pen-
dleton, Perry, Pomeroy, Piice, Pruyn, Radford, William
II. Randall, Roger*?, Edward II. Rollm*-. James S. Rollins,
Scott. Stebhms, William G. Steele, Steven's, Strouse, Van
Valkoiibtirgh, Voorhees,Elihu B. Washburne, William B.
Wa-hbmn, WiWon, Wmfield, Benjamin Wood, Wood-
budge, and Yeaman—70.
So the House refused to adjourn.
DAKOTA CONTESTED ELECTION AGAIN.
The SPEAKER stated thepending question to
be 011 the adoption of the first resolution reported
by the Committee of Elections.
Mr, HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move to lay that
resolution on the table, and upon that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
Thotyeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr.'SLOAN. 1 move that when the House
adjourn it be to meet on Monday next.
Mi\MORRIS, of Ohio. Is it 111 order to amend
that motion so as to adjourn sine die on Monday
next?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Upon Mr. Sloan's motion 11 voted in the af-
firmative and G5 in the negative; no quorum.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 movethat*Lhc House do
now adjourn. ■ •
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order, but
the motion to fix the day of adjournment lakes
precedence. No quorum having voted, the Chair
orders tellers, and appoints Mr. Sloan and Mr.
W. J. Allen.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 3, noes G7; no quorum voting.
The question recurred on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. HOTCHKISS called for the yeas anil nays
on the motion.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, called for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was disagreed to—ayes
30, noes 76.
Th(®qtiestion recurred on the motion that when
the House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Tues-
day next.
Mr. SLOAN moved that there be a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The previous question hav-
ing been ordered, and no quorum-having voted,
under the 132d rule the Chair will count tlie
House, to ascertain whether a quorum is present.
The SPEAKERproceeded to count the House,
and announced that 118 members (a quorum)
were piesent; and the motion that there be ucall
of the House was therefore not in order.
Mr. MALLORY. Is it in order when \be
Speaker is counting the House for members to
