180-1
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1917
carried, tHe exco*-* over tuch rntc shall be deemed and
taken a?- n tax levied upon such railroad foinpauv, to be
f'turiM'd and paid m the same mannei as is provided in
ac^ toi the collection of the per cent, on {he grofs re-
ceij)l< ni s-aid companies; Provided,Jwwevcr, Thatnothing
herein chilli be j-o construed as to authorize any railroad
company to charge or receive a higher price lor the con-
veyance of passenger than shall be allowed by the laws
of the State chartering the ^arne.
I trust the importance of this proposition will
secure it som'.' consideration. I think no more im-
portant subject has been brought to the attention
of this committee since the consideration of this
bill commenced. It will be observed that the duty
imposed on the gross amount of the receipts of
railroads is two per cent., and the question is
whether that two per cent, duty imposed upon
the railroads shall be paid by the railroads them-
selves or by the traveling public who are com-
pelled to resort to that mode of transportation.
The effect of the amendment is to compel tiie
railroads to bear this duty, and if they charge
more than three cents per mile—which is a very
fair and liberal compensation—that surplus shall
be deemed a tax, and be paid into the Tieasury
of the United States instead of into the tiea&ury
of these corporations.
Mr. GANSON. 1 would suggest to the gen-
tleman that if the whole excess over throe cents
a mile shall go into the Treasury of the United
States, no railroad company will charge more than
that. I therefore suggest that he make the amount
so to be paid in one half.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think my proposition will
very effectually accomplish the object I have in
view. It is to prevent the railroad from adding
the tax to the fare on travelers. If they charge
more than three cents a mile let the people have
the benefit of it through their Government. If
you simply propose to tax them upon their gross
earnings, they will add not simply two but four
or five per cent., and in some instances ten per
cent, upon the travel of the country by the in-
creased fare they will exact. It is asserted that
railroads arc compelled to increase the fare with
the tax. I have compiled from the American
Railroad Journal a statement of dividends of a
number of the leading roads, east and west, to
repel thm. pretense, and indicate their earnings at
the present rates. 1 ask that it may be read by
the Clerk.
The statement, which was read, is as follows:
Dividends and Price of Stock of certain Railroads duiing the
past Y- art
Daidenils. Puce of
Per rfnt Shares.
Ili.noi- Central ..... 7 130
Teirc Haute and Richmond  13 13.>
N>'w York and New Haven  H li-M-J-
NVvv Ca-tle and Frenchtown  9
ItidianapoU# and Cincinnati  9 100
Michigan Central  8 1H£-
Cnmden and Amboy  10 Ibti
Ceimal New Jersey <  10 17,)
Buffalo and State Line   11 201
Cincinnati, Hamilton,and J).i\ ton....... JO 132
Cleveland, Columbus, and Cincinnati  0') 170
Cleveland.Painesville, and Ashtabula 33 J ISO
Columbus'and Xenia    15
Littk Miami  !•> 140
PuMmrg, Fort Wayne, and Chicago.... 10 114
Pennsylvania    8 73£
N v.-w York Central    7 loo£
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 take the dividends on the
Illinois Central from other sources than the Jour-
nal referred to, but equally reliable.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire Po ask the gentle-
man fiom Indiana whether that percentage is
not calculated on the capi tal of these ruads merely,
and not on all their indebtedness?
Mr. HOLMAN. 3 understand that these are
the dividends declared on their capital stock. I
take the statement from the American Railroad
Journal.
Mr. MORRILL. Many of those roads have
got three or fotu times as much money repre-
sented in then indebtedness as in their capital.
Mr. HOLMAN. A single instance will illus-
trate how these dividends are made,and whether
the basis is reliabieor not. The Illinois Central
di-claivd a dividend of seven per cent, during the
past year, and stil! had remaining ot cash assets
uftei ihe paying of the hist February's dividend,
5,3,(1110,000. That is but one of many instances
indicating the extraordinary profits of these roads.
I lake this stareineni from a leading New York
paper. Under the influence of the war the profits
of most of the leading roads have more than
doubled in foiu yinis. The capital is mostly
held by European capitalists, from whom you
receive no other tax than what is imposed upon
the roads themselves. They are managed with
no reference to public interests or convenience,
but only for their own profit, favored monopo-
lies; and yot you impose upon them less tax than
the individual citizen must pay, and give them
an opportunity—yes, you invite them by the
proviso 1 propose to strike out—to impose the
tax you impose on them 011 the traveling public
who possess no remedy against their exactions.
The enormity of this proviso f will not attempt
to argue. It is infamous, and only needs to be
read to be condemned.
[Here tlie'hammer fell.]
Mr. PRICE. I hope the amendment will not
prevail. While the statement made by the gen-
tleman from Indiana is entirely correct as applied
to eastern railroads, yet it does not apply to
western roads. On the eastern roads, that do such
an immense passenger and freight traffic, two
cents per mile would pay for the transportation
of passengers, while with thecomparativelysmall
traffic 011 the western roads, four cents per mile
would not be too much. While Congress grants
lands to ratli oads for the purpose of developing the
resotnc.es of the West, it ought not to impose on
those l-oaus restrictions which might be justly
applied to the roads in ihe East. But if this be
made the law, it must m c.'^.a-ily apply to all
roads in the country.
I undertake to say, without fear of success-
ful contradiction, that under the proposed legis-
lation a railroad cannot-be operated in the West,
in a sparsely settled country, where passenger
trains are sometimes run with not more than a
dozen passengers. A friend near me says that
these roads should stop running. Hut they can-
not do that. They ate under contract to carry
the mails. They are bound to the public to run
their trains, and to run them on time, too, whether
they have passengers or no'.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from Iowa
allow me to ask him a single question: Does he
propose to adapt a policy which will enable rail-
road companies to add the taxes which they have
to pay upon the travclmgpublic? If not,you must
guard against it by some such principle as this.
Mr. PRICE, li is impolitic to authotizeor
to ri strict railioad companies, for they will al-
ways manage in some way to escape from your
restrictions.
The exhibit which the gentleman has quoted
shows the dividends of some of the principal
road?. But I can show you roads in the West
that have beggared thousands of persons, and
have never paid a single dollar in dividends, and
probably never will. But yet these roads are
useful. They aid 111 developing the resources of
the great West. Adopt, a restrictive rule of this
kind and you injure the West; and your grants
oflands to aid in theconstructionofraihoads there
amount to nothing.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend by
reducing the fare to two and a half cents a mile.
It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, that it is utterly
useless for us to be imposing taxes on these rail-
road companies unless at the same time you im-
pose restrictions upon them. We might as well
come at once and declare a tax upon passengers
on railroads; for unless you place restrictions in
the way, tiie railroad companies that you tax will
exact their taxation out of the passengers. They
wiil increase the rates of fare so as to cover the
taxes twice over. This we can prevent them
doing in a very simple, easy manner, such as tiie
gentleman from Indiana proposes. It is the same
restriction as is imposed by many States on their
railroads. If we do not adopt this means, the
taxation of railroad companies will only be "whip-
ping the devil round tin* stump, tor they will
exact double the amount ill increased faies.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think gentlemen
have consideied the subject very well. Theopera-
tion of this amendment is in favor of the pros-
perous roads, and against the unprosperous ones.
Take, for instance, the Pennsylvania Central. It
does not charge above three cents a mile for its
passengers, ntid I suppose the New York Central
does not.
Mr. GANSON. Only two cents. It is prohib-
ited from charging more.
Mr. KERNAN. There are, however, many
roads in my State which could hot live with this
tax upon them, unless you permit them to add it
to their rates of fare.
Mr. STEVENS. What I mean to say is, that
a poor railroad doing a poor business must charge
more than three cents, or it cannot run at a,H.
Take, for instance, a road in my neighborhood,
the one to Gettysburg. Until within the last
year it has not paid its running expenses. No-
body expects it will ever pay a dividend. The
stock has no value. I have a very small interest
in it myself, and anybody can have my $1,000
for one thousand cents. J would notcharge them
more. That road could not continue to run with
the limitation you propose to put on it. To these
prosperous roads, doing an immense business,
the limitation would be no disadvantage. But the
small railroads, I repeat, could not live without
permission to charge higher rates.
I move that the committee rise for the purpose
of closing debate on the section.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washbbrne, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the internal revenue bill, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when the House
again goes into committee all debate upon the
pending section be terminated in one minute.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 hope not. There are two
or three matters m the bill that I desire to dis-
pose of to-night. It will not take many minutes.
Upon the motion to adjourn, 21 voted in the
affirmative and 62 in the negative; 110 quorum.
Mr. STEVENS. I will relieve my friend from
Illinois by modifying my motion so as to allow
five minutes for debate in the committee; and I
hope he will withdraw his motion to adjourn.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. No, sir; I insist upon the
motion to adjourn, and call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bogtwell
and J. C. Allew were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 22, noes 70.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon Mr. Stevens's
motion to close debate upon the paragraph under
consideraiion in Committee of the Whole in five
minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
011 the state of the Union, (Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the bill of the House (No. 405) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Is it in order now to
move to strike out the whole proviso?
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is now pend-
ing. -
A!r. J. C. ALLEN. I move to amend the
amendment by reducing the rate to two and a half
per cent. I-do so for the purpose of saying that
in my judgment this proviso ought not to be in
the bill. It is an expression upon the part of
Congress that the railroads will understand to be
an invitation to inciease their rates of charge.
Now, sir, gentlemen who know anything about
railroads, in the West particularly, know that as
soon as the tax bill passed the last Congress they
advanced both their passage fares and their freight
charges, not in proportion to the tax imposed
upon them, but upon the principal roads in the
West they advanced their -fares one centa mile;
and I believe some of the roads runmngeastward
to New York advanced their freights from sev-
enty-five cents to $150 on a barrel of flour; and to-
day they are charging two dollars a barrel on flour;
and on a barrel of pork, for which they formerly
charged $1 25, they now charge thiee dollars;
and so of everything in proportion. This pro-
viso is an invitation, an inducement, to them t&
advance their rates of freight, and to charge that
increase upon their customers. They are not
