1918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
deserving of any extraordinary consideration.
Many of the roads, although charging high rates,
have not kept rolling stock enough to answer the
demands upon them; and trains have been com-
pelled to he over for days and weeks; and now to
make this discrimination in favor of these rail-
road companies, to hold out this inducement to
them to largely increase their rates, and saddle it
upon their customers, is wrong in principle, and
ought not to be tolerated by Congress.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question. I ask the gentleman whether he does
not think that these are State institutions which
ought not to be interfered with by the General
Government?
Mr. J. C. ALLEN, if so, then strike out this
proviso. It gives them the privilege of exceed-
ing the rates fixed by law. If they are taxed un-
der this bill this proviso tells them that they may
indemnify themselves by increasing their rates of
freight. The gentleman's question shows con-
clusively that the proviso ought to be stricken
out, and I hope that it will be stricken out.
Mr. Chan man, we in the West suffer enough
now from the exactions of railroad companies; we
have in one sense become their slaves. As one
member of this House I am not inclined to confer
additional powers upon them by which they may
impose still more onerous charges upon the peo-
ple iu the way of increased rates of freight. I
am opposed to it; but I must confess that it is in
harmony with other features of this tax bill. We
have provisions here for the protection not only
of railroad monopolies, but every other and all
kinds of monopolies. The revenue to be derived
from this bill 4s not to come from them but from
the consumers; labor is to be taxed, and these
overgrown corporations are to be allowed to go
free. 1 am opposed to giving them any more
power; and I think that the motion to strike out
this proviso appeals to the sense of justice of
every man in this committee.
[Here the hammer fell.] ,
Mr. ODELL. We are under misapprehension
in reference to the rate railroads are to be taxed.
Mr. MORRILL. When this is disposed of,
I will move an amendment on that subject.
Mr. Holman's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to strike out the pro-
viso.
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers.
Tollers were not ordered.
Tiie committee divided; and there were—ayes
50, noes 23; no quorum voting.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
ord«r. The rule is imperative that when the com-
mittee finds itself without a quorum the roll shall
be called.
The roll was called, and the following members
failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. William J. Allen, Anderson, Ashley, Bailv,*
Blaine, Francis P. Blah, Jacob B. Blair, Bliss, Blow, Boyd,
Broomall, James S. Brown, William G. Brown, Ambrose
W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cobb, Coffioth, Cr.ivens,
Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Deming, Denison,
Donnelly, Dumont, Edgerton, Ekindgo, Fenton, Fmck,
Frank, Garfield, Gooch, Gnder, Hale, Hall, Harding, Har-
uogton, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. Harris, Highy,
Hooper, Hulburd, Hmelon?. William Johnson, Kalhfiei&ch.
King,Knapp, Law, Le Blond, Littlejohn, Mallory, Marcy,
McAllister, McBride, MeClurg, MeDowcll, MeKinnej,
Middleton. William II. Miller, Daniel Morris, .Morrison,
Noble, Patterson, Pike, Pi uyn, Itobhnon, Rogers, Schonck,
^cott, Smith, Smithers, Spalding, Starr, Stebbms, Sweat,
Thomas,Tracy, Van Vnlkenbuigb, Voorhees, Wndswortb,
Whaley, Wheeler, Joseph W. White, Benjamin Wood,
Woodbridge, and Yeaman.
The committee then rose; and theSpeakerhav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne, of Illi-
nois, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the internal revenue bill,and finding
itself without a quorum had caused the roil to be
called, and directed him to report the names of
the absentees to the House.
A quorum having appeared, the committee
resumed its session.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee rise.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
28, noes 43.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question then recurred on the motion to
strike out the proviso.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
45, noes 30.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the committee rise.
/Mr. WILSON. I hope that the committee
will not rise. If the Committee of Ways and
Means want to rise all they have to do is to agree
to let a vote be taken on tins proposition in the
House.
Mr. DAWSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The committee refused to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum having ap-
peared on the last vote, the Chair will order tell-
ers upon the motion made by the gentleman from
Indiana to strike out the proviso.
Mr. Holman and Mr. Morrill were ap-
pointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 69, noes 24.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. There is one other amend-
ment I desire to offer, and then I propose that the
committee rise. I move to amend this section in
reference to railroads, &c., by inserting after the
word " two,"in line six, the words " and one half
of one," so as to subject these companies to a
duty of two and one half of one per cent, on all
their gross receipts.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend the amendment
by making the amount three per cent.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So t*he committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and es-
pecially the internal revenue jjill, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. MORRILL, (at
ten o'clock and thirty-five minutes, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Jlpril 28, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and'approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a communication from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, recommending an appro-
priation of $1,641 70 to pay that amount of interest
due to the Orchard party and Fit st Christian party
of New York Indians; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a message of the
President of the United States, transmuting an
address of the EastTennessee Relief Association
on the condition and wants of the loyal and suf-
fering people of East Tennessee; which was or-
dered to be printed.
PETITIONS AKD MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
memoiial ofT. S. C. Lowe, aeronaut, represent-
ing that he has made important discoveries in
managing balloonsand other aeronautic machin-
ery, and praying that Congress will direct the sub-
ject (including his former aeronautical reports to
the War Department) to be referred to the com-
mittee appointed by the Secretary of War for in-
vestigating the plan proposed by Mr. Solomon
Andrews; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a memorial of the
JefTeisonvitle Raihoad Company, remonstrating
against the extension of the Goodyear patent for
the manufacture of vulcanized India rubber; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. MORGAN, I present resolutions of the
Assembly of the State of New York, in favor of
the emancipation proclamation of thePresidentof
the United States, and recommending the adoption
of an amendment to the Constitution terminating
the system of African slavery in this country.
As the Senate has already acted on that constitu-
tional amendment, a having been passed by a
large vote, I move that the resolutions lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have in my hand a paper
which I beg leave to submit to the Senate. 1 do
not know that it is exactly in the proper form in
which a document should be, to be presented to
the Senate; but with the permission of Senators I
will read it. It is a communication from our con-
sul at Vienna, in which he writes to me:
"I take the libeity to bring to your notice a very import-
ant invention, made here by Dr. Auer, superintendent of
the imperial paper mills and printing establishment, to
make out of corn husks and leaves paper and linen.
" Inclosed I send you a few samples of the paper and a
piece of com-ltnen. You will observe from the printed
papers that the invention is now completed, and that the
manufacture pays even well in Austria, wheie the raw
material is not in such an abundance as in the United States.
"The inventor has taken out a patent for the United
States, which he will sell for $100,000, gold. He would
prefer that Congress would make an appropt union of that
amount, in order that the invention should become the
common property of the whole countiy. Whether this
could be done I do not know; but I can say that the in-
vention would be worth millions of dollars to the United
States. As soon as the invention introduced over the
whole country, we shall bsj able to evpoit paper, instead of
importing now tiie rags and part of the paper consumed in
the United States.
The extinction of the fibers from the leaves and husks
is so simple that every farmer can do it on his own field,
when he once knows the process. The fibers are packed
like cotton-bales and brought into the market.
" The long fibers of the hu^ks aie spun like flax and
give a very good and durable linen. The short fibers arc
used for paper.
" Knowing that you take a gieat deal of interest in man-
ufacturing I thought it would be advisable to bring thi> mat-
ter before you. I will send you also a poitfolio, containing
all the different specimens of paper manufactured at the
imperial paper mills, with a few samples of corn linen man-
ufactured from the long fibers of the husks.
" The durability of the paper is veiy great, and of no other
material can su many different kinds of paper be manu-
factured as of corn husk-."'
Accompanying this communication are sam-
ples of the paper manufactured from this material.
1 notice that in the joint resolution which was
yesterday sent to us from the House of Repre-
sentatives, temporarily increasing the duties on
imports fifty per cent., paper is excluded from
that increase of duty. The Government of the
United States now uses a large quantity of paper
for carrying on the business of the war, and the
people uf the country are importing large quan-
tities of'malerial for the manufacture of paper.
It has suggested itself to me that perhaps this in-
vention may be of importance enough for the
Government to look i nto it and see whether it can-
not be made available. I would therefore suggest
and move that this communication be received,
and that it, with the accompanying documents,
be refeired to the Committee on Manufactures.
The motion was agreed to.
KEPOItTS FKOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, who were instructed by a resolution of
the Senate to inquire into the expediency of mak-
ing appropriations to complete the light-house
works at Racine and Milwaukee, Wisconsin,
have directed me to report adversely thereon, it
being, in the opinion of the committee, at this
time inexpedient to make the appropriations.
Mr. CHANDLER, fiom the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was leferred the bill (H. R.
No. 374) to exempt certain vessels therein named
from enrollment and license, and from the pay-
ment of tonnage duty, and for other purposes,
reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred a resolution directing them to in-
quire into the expediency of constructing a pier
at Lewes, Delaware, and a report of the Secre-
tary of War, and a memorial of the Board of
Trade of Philadelphia on the same subject, asked
to be discharged from the further consideration
of the subject; which was agieed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of the officers of a con-
vention composed of delegates of the Ohio valley,
held at Louisville on the 24th of February, 1864,
praying for an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Ohio river, sub-
mitted an adverse report, for the reason that the
committee do not deem it expedient to make the
appropriation asked for at the present time.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred a bill,(S. No. 143) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation,and completion
