2894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June IB,
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. SMITH called for the yeas and nays on
the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 64, nays 31, not voting 86;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
detson, ftaily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin,
Blair, Rliss, Bouuvell, James S. Brown, Chanler, Cobb,
CnfiTroth, Cox, Dawes, Dawson, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge,
Eiiot, Finck, Gooch, Glider, CnswoUl, Harding, Harring-
ton, Chailes M. Ilanis, Holman, Ingersoll, William John-
son, Kalbrleisch, King, Knapp, Law, Le Blond, Long,
Mallory, Marcy,Marvin, McDowell, MciUnney,Morrison,
Noble, Pendleton, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander H. Ilice,
Robinson, Ross, Smith, Smithers, John U. Steele, William
G. Steele, Stiles, Stuart, Sweat, Thomas, Wadsworth,
Ward, Webster, Whalev, Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Jofcfpli W. White, and Fernando Wood—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ame.s, Baxter, Beaman, Am-
brose W. Clark, Cole, Thomas T. Davis, Dixon. Frank,
Ilotchkiss, Asahel W. Ilnbbard, Jenckes, Kcllcy, Liule-
john, Longyear, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill,
Daniel Moi'ris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Patterson,
Perham, Pike, Price, John H. Rice, Sloan, Starr, Tiaey,
Upr-on, and Williams—31.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ancona. Arnold, Ashley,
Biaine,Blovv, Bo)d, Brandegee,Brooks, ftroomall,'William
G. Brown, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Ciavens, Creswell,
Henry Winter Davis, Deming, Deiusnn, Donnelly, Diiggs,
Dumont, Eckley, English, Farnsworth, Fenton, Ganson,
Garfield, Giinnell, Hale, Hall, Benjamin G. Harris, Hpr-
rick, Higby, Hooper, John II. Hubbard, Uulburd, Hutcbins,
Philip Johnson, Julian. Kasson, Fiance W. Kellogg, Or-
lando Kellogg, Kemau Jjazear, Loan, McAllister, Me Bride,
McClutg, Melndoe, Middleton, William H. Miller, Jame->
R. Monis, Nelson, Norton, Odell, Ohailes O'Neill,.John
O'Neill, Orth, Peiry, Pomeroy, Pmyn, ltadfoid, William
II. Randall, Rogers, Edward 11. Rollins, James S. Rollins,
Schenek, Scoficld, Scott, Shannon, Spalding, Stcbbina,
Steven-, Strou^e, Thayer, Van Yalkenbuiglu Voorhees,
Ehhu B. Wasltbuine, William B. Washburn, Wilder, Wil-
son, Windom, IVinfield, Benjamin Wood, Wooclbndge,
and Yeoman—86.
During the vote,
Mr. MALLORY stuted that Mr. Hooper had
been compelled to leave the Hall on account of
Revere indisposition.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the second resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KNAPP. I ask that Mr. Todd be now
sworn in as Delegate from the Territory of Da-
kota.
Mr. TODD proceeded to the Speaker's desk
and took the oath prescribed by the act of July
2, 1862.
And then, on motion of Mr. WHALEY, (at
half past six o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned
until Monday next at twelve o'clock rn.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 13,1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Ilev. Dr. Bowman.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, The recoid of Saturday is
rather long, an appropriation bill having been con-
sidered on Saturday; and I move that the read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
sent.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
May 20, information in relation to the seizure of
the silver mine of Sylvester Mowry in Arizona
by order of General Carieton; which was ordered
to be on the table and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate the annual re-
port of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution for the year 18G3.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a memorial of
wholesale dealers in glue in the city of New York,
remonstrating against the proposed tax of one per
cent, on all grades of glue; which was lefeited
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of im-
poitcrs of peanuts, praying that the duty on pea-
nuts may be fixed at not exceeding one cent per
pound; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SUMNER piesented the memorial of
Henry R. Schoolcraft, praying for an appropri-
ation to enable him to complete his publication
relative to the condition and future prospects of
the Indians of the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Library.
He also presented seven petitions of men and
women, praying for the abolition of slavery
throughout the United States; which were referred
to the select committee on slavery and freed-
men.
Mr. HARRIS present^ a memorial of citizens
of the United States, remonstrating against the
extension'of Goodyear's patent for the manufac-
ture of vulcanized India rubber; "which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
the United States, praying for the passage of the
bill (H. R. No. 276) to secure to persons in the
military and naval service of the United States
homesteads on confiscated or forfeited estates in
insurrectionary distiicts; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FOOT presented a petition of citizens of
Shoreham, Vermont, praying for the passage of
the bill (H. R. No. 276) to secure to persons in
the military and naval service of the United States
homesteads on confiscated or foifeited estates in
insurrectionary districts; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of Congre-
gational clergymen of Iowa, praying foi the estab-
lishment of a Bureau of Freedmen; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens and
constables of the District of Columbia and of
members of the bar and judges of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, praying for the
repeal of the law taking from the county consta-
bles the right to execute process requiring the
arrest of persons charged with offenses against
the laws; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. COLLAMER presented a petition of cit-
izens cvf Veimont, praying for the passage of the
bill (Ii. R. No. 276) to secure to persons in the
military and naval service of the United States
homesteads on confiscated or forfeited estates in
insurrectionary,districts; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr.SPRAGUE presented thepetition ofMajor
Morris S. Miller, quartermaster United States
Army, praying to be credited in the settlement of
his accounts with payments made by him under
express orders of the Secretary of War and Ad-
jutant General; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the petition of an
eminent citizen of New York, well known to the
country for his generosity and for his enterprise,
Peter Cooper, relating to the present financial con-
dition of our affairs, and calling upon Congress to
provide a system of taxation which shall pay the
ordinary expenses of theGovernmentaud the in-
terest on all money borrowed on the public credit,
and also to provide a better system of currency
than we now have by superseding any currency
furnished by the State banks. The petition is
somewhat elaborate, but there are one or two
sentences which I will read, with the permission
of the Senate, in order to convey more completely
his idea. lie says:
" Without taxation sufficient to pay interest and ordinary
expenses, we may apply the language of fcwedenborg and
deiy the history of the world to show an infrtunce where a
nation has been able to legislate a peimanent value into a
paper-circulating medium."
In a subsequent part of the petition he proceeds
to say:
<£ The assumed power of .State Legislating to authorize
local banks to isssue bill* of credit called dollar* in open vio-
hiiion of their constitutional agi eenierifhas opened a flood-
gate of evil to the eountiy, conupting the Legislatuies and
tempting the people into extravagance and piodigality of
expenditures m their elforts to live on the borrowed prom-
ises of banks instead of their own honest industry. In
the opinion of jour potitiom'i, the amount of loss that has
{alien upon the community should not tail to receive from
the, otih [lower authouzed by the Constitution - to coin
money and regulate the value theieof > that prompt and de-
cided action s>o independable to the security and welfare
of the nation, Gieat and lasting advantages must result
to the btiMnei-? <>1 the country from the adoption by the lo-
cal banks of one uniform cuirency secured by the whole
propeity of the States."
I move the reference of this petition to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr.WILSON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred thS
bill (H.R.No. 511) to provide for the more speedy
punishment of guerrillas, and for other purposes,
reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred various memorials and petitions
praying for increased facilities for the transporta-
tion of mails, passengers, and freight between the
cities of New York and Philadelphia, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration; which
was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message fr<Jm the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the bill (S. No. 293) to em-
power the Superannuated Fund Society of the
Maryland Annual Conference to hold property in
the District of Columbia, and to take a devise
under the will of the late William Doughty.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 198) making appropiia-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1865.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Senate to
the amendments of the House to the bill (S. No.
145) to equalize the pay of soldiers in the United
States Army, asked aconference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and ap-
pointed Mr. R. C. Sciienck of Ohio, Mr. F. "VV.
Kellogg of Michigan, and Mr. J. S. Rollins
of Missouri, managers at the conference on its
part.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message also announced that the President
of the United States had approved and signed on
the lltli instant the following acts:
An act (M. R. No. 355) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to stipulate for the release
from attachment or other process of property
claimed by the United States, and for other pur-
poses;
An act (H. R. No. 422) to .amend an act en-
titled "An act to confirm certain private land
claims in the Territory of New Mexico;" and
An act (H. R. No. 487) to provide for the ex-
ecution of treaties between the United States and
foreign nations respecting consular jurisdiction
over the crews of vessels of such foreign nations
in the waters and poitsof the United States.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Stoddard, his Secre-
tary , announcing that, on the 11th instant, he had
approved and signed the following acts andjoint
resolution:
An act (S. No. 28) relating to members of Con-
gress, heads of Departments, and other officers
of the Government;
An act(S. No. 42) in relation to the limitation
of actions in ceitam cases;
An act (S. No. 52) to provide for the summary
trial of minor offenses against the laws of the
United States;
An act (S. No. 256) to change and define the
boundaries of the eastern and western judicial
districts of Virginia, arid to alter the names of
said districts, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 283) to abolish the collection
districts of Port Orford and Cape Perpetuain the
State of Oregon; and
A joint resolution (S. No. GO) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Lieutenant Colonel Joseph
Bailey, of the fourth regiment of Wisconsin vol-
unteers.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CONNESS asked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
| 30G) to grant to the State of California certain
| lands for State prison purposes; which was read
! twice by its title, tuid refeired to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous .
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
307) consenting to an act of the Legislature of
.Michigan concerning the constiuction of canals
and haibors, and the improvement of the same;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
