872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 29,
and write to Governor Andrew," You will be
pleased to note that you must enlist these men
according to the laws of the land ?" Yet the Sen-
ator would have us infer that because he did not
specifically instruct Governor Andrew as to what
the law was, therefore Governor Andrew was at
liberty to disregard it, and thus enlist these regi-
ments differently from what was provided by the
law.
Is that a correct rule to be applied even to the
construction of orders from the War Department
or any other Department? And that is my an-
swer to all the Senator's argument on that sub-
ject. The Secretary of War was not called upon
to make a distinction, because the law made the
distinction, and therefore he might infer that the
person to whom he gave the authority would un-
derstand the distinction and make it.
This is all unnecessary, I am not contending
that these men should not be paid. I have already
stated that in my judgment of the facts stated
they should be paid; and I am willing to pay
them if the facts are made out; I think it no more
than just; but i repeat what I before said, that it
is not necessary or proper when a bill is pending
providing for another specific object, an important
one, one that we all desire, establishing the prin-
ciple, to avail yourself of that particular place not
only to bring in this individual case but to cover
very much more which ought not, by the consent
of everybody, to come into the bill at all.
That is the position that I assumed in regard to
it, and I contend that it is a correct position, and
I stand to it now. I do not say that there is any
rule that is opposed to the introduction of the
amendment like that which was proposed by the
honorable Senator, but there is danger in such
legislation, which is introduced without investi-
gation by a committee and an understanding of
what it is, and put upon a general bill which has
boon introduced by a committee. We have all
expeiienced the difficulties that arise from it. A
committee which has thoroughly investigated the
subject brings in a general bill. The committee
are ready to give us the facts, to state all that we
want to know; butagentleman ruses in his place
and moves to put on a specific case which has
been examined by no committee, of which we
know nothing and can know nothing in the proper
way, and under the pressure of that case we are
called upon to put it on or else to be denounced
as doing a gross injustice. Sir, I plant myself
where I always have in reference to such ques-
tions: let every case which calls for an appropri-
ation of money out of the Treasury to a large
amount go to a committee and be investigated.
When I inquired of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, the chairman of the Military Com-
mittee, if he knew the extent to which the original
bill would go in reference to that point, I found
that he did riot. When t inquired of my honor-
able friend from Vermont-—who,as ugeneral rule,
knows all about what he proposes, and of whom
J might well say that what hedoes not know upon
almost every subject is hardly worth knowing—
whether he could tell the extent to which his
amendment would go, he admitted that he could
not, and he did not know it. It illustrates the
difficulty of which I have been speaking, and the
danger of making such amendments to bills de-
signed to accomplish a general purpose, and which
have been considered with that view; but we are
called upon to act on individual statements with
regard to which we only know that the gentleman
who makes them believes them to be true. It
was under that idea, as the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumner] well knows, that when he
proposed his amendment the other day allowing
everybody to come in who had been induced to
believe or led to suppose that he was to receive
thirteen dollars a month, it received no vote but
his own. The proposition was so manifestly a
strange one, covering nobody could tell whom,
one that it was impossible to reduce to a certainty,
throwing every thing open for extraneous evidence
such as could not be admitted, that it received no
support in the Senate.
When he made his other proposition gentle-
men who voted against it told him "this is an
improper place for it"—not publicly, but aside,
as we are in the habit of doing—"we will vote
for your proposition as a separate bill, hut we
cannot vote for it ad an amendment on this bill."
It is the ground on which friends all about mc
put it, I among others. I am ready to vote for
his proposition the moment he will place it in a
proper position, and show me, (and it requires
very little further showing, because I am pretty
well satisfied about it under the position assumed
by my honorable friend from Vermont,) that it
ought to be adopted, and the money paid; but
you see the difficulty. First comes on one idea
that is a favorite one with Massachusetts; then
comes another that is a favorite of Minnesota; then
another that is a favorite with Kansas; then an-
other that is a favorite with Vermont; and so
we have to take them on the representation of
different gentlemen with reference to their own
specific cases, and embarrass our bill. ^
This important proposition, and it is important,
I admit, of placing the colored troops on the same
footing with white troops, which 1 have always
been ready to vote for, has been kept off for weeks
and embarrassed, and embarrassed, and mixed up
simply because gentlemen wanted to get their in-
dividual propositions on in regard to particular
cases. It illustrates the difficulty and danger that
always arise from such kind of legislation. That
is the position in which it is put, and the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] should have
said when he was explaining it that he was aware
at the time that gentlemen who voted against his
amendment to this bill voted against it because
they did not like it as an amendment, but were
ready to vote for the proposition itself in its proper
place, and not leave the contrary to be inferred.
1 deem thisexplanation proper, simply that the
position of the whole matter, both with regard to
the original bill and the amendment, may be defi-
nitely understood.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Maine began his remarks with a personal
allusion to myself. It was in the nature of a crit-
icism upon what I had said and upon the way in
which 1 had said it. This is not the first time that
Senator has made such allusions, sometimes to
myself and sometimes to others on this floor; but
1 shall not follow him in this respect. I prefer to
imitate him so far as I can in that which is much
more worthy of imitation.
After satisfying himself in personal allusion,
the Senator then passed again to the proper dis-
cussion. He began by assuming that the statute
relating to African soldiers operated in the way
of a repeal of the previous legislation bearing on
that subject. Sir, I deny the conclusion in point
of law. From that assumption the Senator then
proceeded to say that the order of the Secretary
of War to Governor Andrew was to be consid-
ered as made with reference to the latter law, ac-
cording to which, as he imperatively insisted, the
old law was repealed. But, sir, does not the Sen-
ator see that this argument brings us round again
to the question oflaw? This was whether, under
the existing statutes of the United States, old and
new, a colored person could be enlisted at thirteen
dolhusa month. Governor Andrew said he could.
In my opinion he could; and permit me to say that
nothing that fell from the Senator has touched that
conclusion, neither what he has just said nor wli.it
he has said on former occasions. I stand, there-
fore, on the original conclusion, that under the
statutes of the land and the order of the Secretary
of War, Governor Andrew was justified m en-
rolling volunteers of African descent at the pay
of thirteen dollars a month. I do not see how
Senators who consider the question carefully can
escape that conclusion.
Mr. IIOWE. I would like to get at the facts.
I want to know if these troops were not enrolled
and mustered into the service of the United States
after the act of 1863 was passed?
Mr. SUMNELl. They were.
Mr, HOWE. And is it the conclusion of the
Senator fioin Massachusetts, may I inquire, that
in violation of that statute, which" only authorizes
(he payment of ten dollars, the Governor of Mas-
sachusetts was anthoi ized in the name of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to promise thirteen
dollars >
Mr. SUMNER. Not li in violation of that [
statute."
Mr. FESSENDEN. In spite of that statute.
Mr. SUMNEU. Nor in spite of if, as the Sen-
j ator from Maine says. The question is, whether
] the enlistments were made under that statute or
I not. 1 insist that they were not made under that
i statute, but undei the puor statute, and all the
facts testify to this conclusion. This is the an-
swer to the Senator. He can accept it or not;
but it is made in good faith. It is my conviction,
in fact and law, that the enlistments were made
under the prior statute, and that Governor Andrew
at the time regarded himself as fully authorized
to make them under that priorstatute. Any other
conclusion seems like a stultification ot all con-
cerned: of the Secretary of War whose order in-
cludes them with white volunteers; of Governor
Andrew, who openly announced that they were
on the same footing with white volunteers; of the
colored soldiers, whose enlistment papers ex-
pressly declare that they were enlisted under the
statute of 1861; and finally of the original statutes
governing the military, naval, and volunteerser-
vice, which make no discrimination of color.
Mr. HOWE. Does the Senator presume that
the Government assumed the obligation of paying
thirteen dollars a month to these African troops
before they had assumed any obligation to render
any service whatever? They were mustered into
the service, the Senator says, after the act of 1862
was passed. The Senator says notwithstanding
that that they were enlisted before. I understood
he means by that that the contract between them
and the Government was made before.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. They were en-
listed and mustered into service after the passage
of the act to which the Senator refers; but they
were not enlisted or mustered into the service
under that act, but under prior acts allowing thir-
teen dollars a month as their pay. That is my
answer to the Senator, I do not wish to be mis-
understood. These troops came into the service
under the original statute of 1861 and not under
the statute to which the Senator now refers,
though they were enlisted in point of time subse-
quent to that statute.
But from the question of law I pass to that
other question which occupied the attention of
the Senator from Maine, as to when and where
we should meet this obligation. He says, bring
in a separate bill. That was said the other day.
I say, meet it whenever it presents itself. It is
in itself a case of such absolute and overwhelm-
ing justice that the Senate ought not to postpone
it for a single day; especially it ought not to
postpone it when it has before it a bill so entirely
germane as that now under discussion. If it
were a bill concerning the Pacific railroad, or
concerning the sale of gold, it might be questiona-
ble whether this proposition should be ingrafted
upon it; but as it is a bill which proposes to put
the colored troops on an equality in the national
service, I say that the pending proposition is per-
fectly germane, and, being in itself ofcommanding
justice, it ought not to be postponed. It is a com-
mon device of the enemies of a measure to object
to it on a particular bill. For myself, I desire to
have it understood that I am for this proposition
on any bill and at any time.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The subject to which
I have called the attention of the Senate has been
agitated in my Slate for a year and more. I feel
tii.it I am discharging a duty to my constituents
as well as to a gallant regiment while 1 persevere
m asking for legislation upon the subject. The
regiment laised, one of the best drilled in the
Army, has done as severe and gallant service as
any one. At the battle of Honey Springs, under
the command of the gallant Blunt and the dash-
ing Colonel Williams, it stood up like a wall of
fn e at point-blank distance against a Texas regi-
ment and demolished that leginient, capturing
those whom they did not kill. That the Senate
may fully understand the question, I send this
paper to the Secretary's desk that it may bo read
at length. It is the authority under which the
resrimrnt was raised.
The Secretary read, as follows:
War Ih-vart.mtnt,
Adjutant Glverai/s? Office,
/'Wn nurt/20, 1664.
Fir: f am directed by tiie Focretary of War to mclo>e
vou herewith a cop\ ot'youi appointment as commissioner
foi M-ertining in the deparmif at of Kansas,
I have the lionoi to ho, very rtvppeUully, your obedient
peivantj
THOMAS M. VINCENT, A. Ji. G.
Hon, J. II, Lane.
War Dtpartmcnt,
W vmhnc. ton < 'ity, July 2>, I8G2.
Fir: You ate notified that you have been ap-
pointed h\ thii tfeuiei.ny o( Wareomim&->iouer lor redlin-
ing ni (he drp-utiuent of Kauris,
