1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
873
You are requested to proceed forthwith to raise and or-
ganize one or more brigades <f& volunteer infantry to be
mustered into the service of the United States tor tluce
vears or during the war.
For this puipose, full authority is hereby conferred upon
you to establish camps and provide for the maintenance ot
discipline and the supply of the troops with the munitions
of war. On your requisition the commanding general ot
the department will issue supplies of arms and accouter-
ments, clothing, camp equipage, and subsistence. Trans-
portation for recruits and rccruitim; officers will be fur-
nished on your requisition,or refunded on vouchers in the
j usual form accompanied by your order directing the move-
i went. „ ^ _ — 5
It is recommended that the provisions^of General ureter
No. 75, cftrrcnt scries, be followed as far as possible in or-
ganizing companies, to the end that mu ter-rolls may be
uniform and authentic. This is neces-ary in order to se-
cure justice to the soldier and prevent confusion in accounts
and loss to the Government. . ,
In performing these duties you are authorized to visit
such places within the department of Kansas as may he
necessary, for which purpose transportation will be fur-
nished you by the commanding genet al on your requisition,
or the cost of the same will be reimbursed by the Secretary
of War from the Army contingent fund.
You will be expected to report frequently to this Depart-
ment the progress and prospects of the work, and to make
any suggestions that may occur to. you from time to time
as useful in facilitating its accomplishment.
This appointment may be revoked at the pleasure of the
Secretary of War.
By order of the Secretary of War:
3 C. P. BUCKINGHAM,
Brigadier General and Ji. Ji. G.
Official:
THOMAS M. VINCENT,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Hon. James H. Lane, Kansas*
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. At the time that au-
thority was issued the Government was as se-
verely pressed for troops as it has ever been since
that time. Under it, commencing in July, 1862,
I raised about thirty-six hundred white troops
and eight hundred black ones in forty days, at
less than six dollars recruiting expenses to the
Government. By noticing the time it will be seen
that they were raised under the act of 1861. It
will also he noticed that it was before the enroll-
ment or draft. A large proportion of the men of
the first colored regiment were liable to enrollment
and subject to draft, but it was, I repeat, before
the enrollment was authorized and before the draft
wasordered. The officers of the white regiments,
as well as those of the black regiment, were ap-
pointedand commissioned by the War Department
on my recommendation. Recruiting officers of the
colored regiment were appointed in the same way
as the recruiting officers of the white regiments;
they were uniformed in the same uniform, armed
with the same arms, drilled by the same kind of
officers, having the same kind of camp equipage,
and were, in all hut one respect, treated alike.
On account of the prejudice of the public against
the colored regiment, 1 was compelled to keep the
first regiment out of sight, and drilled it m a re-
tired place. With thatexception they were treated
alike, and were to have the same pay and bounty.
The white troops were paid $100 bounty; the
black troops have received nothing in the way of
bounty up to this time; indeed they did not re-
ceive their monthly pay for five months. They
were mustered into the service for the same length
of time, and the object that I desire to accomplish
is to have the bounty that was paid to the white
troops at the same time for the same service paid
to the black troops. Policy and common justice
demand this at your hands. Having called the
attention of the Senate to the subject, I have per-
formed my duty; it is for you to perform yours.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to recommit this joint
resolution to the Committee on Military Affairs.
1 make themotion for the purposeam! in the hope
that the committee will at an early day, to-mor-
row, if possible, reportitback as proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts, chaiiman of the
committee, in such a shape as to put all troops
of African descent in regard to pay and emolu-
ments from the 1st (lay of January laston a foot-
ing of uniformity with the white soldiers. It is
evident to my mind that we are doing a great in-
justice by the manner in which this joint resolu-
tion is being dealt with here, not only to the most
of the men of that nationality who have been re-
cruited into our service, but to those very indi-
vidual cases that are alluded to by the Senator
from Kansas, the Senator from Massachusetts,
and other Senators, by withholding from them that
justice which we ought to give to them, and which
we would give lo tlieni if the proposition of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Allans
were adopted.
Wo are not going to get this measure through
Congress this session if it continues to.be dealt
with°as it has been; for every Senator who has a
pet project of his own or a private bill of his own,
or a measure in regard to some particular colored
regiment in his own State, attempts to adopt or
to cause to be adopted some legislation peculiarly
adapted to that regiment on this general prop-
osition.
1 am in favor of the proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts; 1 intend to vote foritwhen
it comes here and stands on its merits; I am in
favor of paying the South Carolina regiments all
that anybody claims should be paid to them; but
for the reasons that have been suggested by the
Senator from Maine, and which have been adopted
generally by the Senate hitherto, I am unwilling
to incorporate these provisions upon a general
bill of this description. I therefore trust it will
be referred to the committee, and will be reported
back at an early day simple and pure, and that we
shall then adopt it at once.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the proposition of the
Senator from Iowa will be adopted, and when the
bill is before the Committee on Military Affairs
I hope that the question will be considered in its
double aspects, first those that are general and
which are particularly embodied in the bill now
before the Senate, and secondly in its special as-
pects; I refer to those which have entered so much
into the debate, and in regard to which there has
been a difference of opinion; and I hope when the
committee makes its report, if it finds that it is
not proper to treat the subject under both aspects
in one bill, that it will give us at the same time
two bills, that we may know upon what we are to
act, and that we may have a certain assurance
that in those cases which have excited so much
sympathy justice at last will be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harris
in the chair.) The question is on the recommit-
ment of the joint resolution to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. I shall not oppose the recom-
mitment of the joint resolution, for the reason that
while I have as much hope as most men, I am
getting a little discouraged about its passage. It
has been before us a long time. It has attracted
a great deal of attention among the friends of the
persons whom we propose to benefit. We haye
fixed the general pay day that is to commence in
the bill at the beginning of the year. I think that
is a great point, for the bill may not get through
Congress for fifty or sixty days to come.
As to the amendment that has been moved by
the Senator from Vermont, as he proposes to
amend it to-day,it seems to me to be a very plain
case and a just one. As proposed the other day
it included fifteen or twenty thousand persons who
have been enlisted as slaves, and who are pro-
vided for by the bill we have already passed.
As to the amendment proposed by my colleague
and adopted by the Senate, it cannot reach beyond
ten or twelve regiments at most. I think some-
thing ought speedily to be done in the cases of
those special regiments, and I have sent word to
some of those regiments that they had better make
out their cases at once and send them here that
we may know what their claims really are.
The Senator from Maine to-day has read us an
extract from the authority given to raise troops
in South Carolina from the Secretary of War.
Nobody can question that those South Carolina
regiments commanded by Colonel Higginson and
Colonel Montgomery ought to be paid thirteen
dollars a month from the beginning; and that they
will be paid so I entertain not the shadow of a
doubt. It may be some time before we can acton
their cases, but it will come.
The Senator from Maine has referred to the
time when we passed the bill authorizing the Pres- j
ident to employ colored troops, and whathisopin-
ions were then. 1 have no doubt the Senatoi fiom I
Maine is right to-day, and has stated his correct i(
position then. But it is well known that at that jj
time there was a very strong opposition m the ,|
Army and out of the Army, and a very strong |l
opposition in both Houses of Congress, to arming n
and employing colored troops. .Those two sec- i|
tions were moved in the Senate. They were not j!
reported here by the Committee on Military Af- |
fairs, but were moved by the Senator fiom New j
Yoik, (Mr. King,) and press, d upon the Semite
fur sevi'ial days with all the eneigy and pcili-
nacity that distinguished that inflexible Senator.
The sum was fixed at ten dollars, because rtwaa
thought to bean inducement to employ this class of
troops; and some of us who were at an early day
in favor of employing them wanted to use every
proper instrumentality possible to authorize tlte
President to employ them. It was thought that
the ten dollars a month would apply mostly to
persons who had been slaves in the rebel States,
and that it would be a very fair compensation.
Some of those gentlemen who went down to New
Orleans who were engaged in raising colored
troops there came up as late as February, 1863,
seven months after this bill had passed, and pro-
posed that we should pay about seven dollars a
month to those troops down there, and should
give them a bounty in land when the war should
be over.
There has been a great deal said in the papers
in regard to our action in the Senate-on this sub-
ject. I suppose Senators here, at any rate those
in favor of employing colored troops at all, are
disposed to do justice. The only question is how
we are to incorporate their desires into the legis-
lation of the country. When I offered the joint
resolution in a shape making it retrospective and
applying to colored troopsin the past, I supposed
on the information I then had (and it was a very
limited information) that we had perhaps forty or
fifty thousand of these men enlisted. I believe
to-day that we have over one hundred regiments
raised and being raised, and more than eighty
thousand colored troops in the service of the
United States; and as a matter of justice and to
fulfill what 1 believe to be our obligations, there
are fifteen or twenty regiments that ought to have
their pay at thirteen dollars a month from the
time of their enlistment. I do not think that
without violating our faith we can doless than go
back and pay them. It is a simple question
whether we had better go back and pay all these
regiments. Itwouldcostsomemoney; butifthat
principle had been acquiesced in, it would at any
rate have stopped a great deal of this debate.
Senators, however, thought we could not afford
to do that, and whatever their dispositions were
in regard to doing justice to these troops, they did
not wish to be prodigal in the use of the public
money.
The Senator from Maine refers to letters that
have been received, and to the tone of a portion
of the public press of the country. The Senator
knows very well that there is often a great deal
of injustice done, to the motives of men and their
action here, and he and I and all the rest of us
must bear the comments of the public press of the
country, and must bear the criticisms of friends
who choose to write to us frequently on imperfect
telegraphic dispatches of what is said here. It
is impossible for the telegraph to carry out to the
country all the statements made on the floor of
the Senate, and all the qualifications accompany-
ing statements which are made here, or to carry
to the people of the country an exact impression
of how affairs are going on here, and often men
of zeal and earnestness catch up these reports
and rush into the newspapers or send their let-
ters here censuring or criticising our action that
they do not understand anything about. We can-
not help this. We have got to bear it, and bear
it as best we may. The Senator from Maine
knows and we all know that we are not to stand
or fall by any of these representations, but upon
our general course of life and character. On that
we shall be judged, and for one I am not at all
disposed here to cower to thecensure ofthe press
or to over-value its praises. ...
Now, sir, I do not object to this joint resolu-
tion going back to the committee. I think per-
haps we can put it in a better shape after having
heard the views of Senators, and knowing some-
thin0* of the sentiments of the Senate, and we can
brin? it back again to the Senate in a form in
which it can rcceive speedily the support of this
body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa to re-
commit the joint resolution to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
