1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2895
SMITHSONIAN REPORT.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That Ave thousand additional copies of the re-
port of the Smithsonian Institution for 1863 be printed, two
thousand for the use of the Smithsonian Institution and
three thousand for the use of the Senate: Provided, That
the aggregate number of pages contained in said report shall
not exceed four bundled and fifty, without wood-euts or
plates, except those furnished by the Institution; and that
the Supei intendent of Public Printing be authorized, if con-
sistent with the public serviec, to allow the Smithsonian
Institution to stereotype the report at its own expense, or
to otherwise printat its own expense such additional copies
as may be desired from the type set in the Government
printing establishment.
ROOK ISLAND.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form the Senate whether the granting of the right of way
to the Chicago and Iloek Island railroad across the island
of Rock island in the Mississippi river, provided the track
of said road should be laid in such manner and upon such
line as the Secretary of War should direct, would injuii-
ously aftect the use of said island for the purposes contem-
plated in an act passed at the present session of Congress
entitled "An act in addition to an act for the establishment
of certain arsenals."
DISTRIBUTION OF BOOKS.
Mr. WILKINSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
, lution (S. No. 63) repealing the joint'resolution
of Congress "providing for the distribution of
certain public'books and documents;" which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. WILKINSON. I ask for the consideration
of thejoint resolution now. The resolntion which
I propose to repeal is one that was passed at the
last Congress distributing among members of
Congress all the books and documents then in
the Interior Department.
By unanimous consentthe jointrcsolution was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to inquire of the
Senator what the effect of this resolution is.
Some of us do not understand the subject.
Mr. WILKINSON. During the last session
of Congress, on the 3d of March, 1863, a joint
resolution was passed which if it had been un-
derstood I think would have received no support
in this body at least. I will read it:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior, and
all other custodians thereof, be, and are hereby, authorized
and directed to cause equal distnhution to be made foith-
with among the inembeis of the two Houses of the present
Congress ot all the books and documents heretofore printed
or purchased at the cost of the Government and not act-
ually belonging to any public libraiy, or a library kept for
use in any Department ot the Government, excepting,
however, all such books and documents as are embiaced
in any existing order for the diattibution thereof among
the members of either House of Congress."
I understand that this is distributing thousands
upon thousands of books that are under the con-
trol of the Interior Department, and the Secre-
tary of the Interior has thus far been unable to
carry out and execute that resolution. It is en-
tirely impracticable and cannot be carried out.
Several Senators. Why not?
Mr. WILKINSON. He cannot make a dis-
tribution of the books so that they will be of any
use to anybody; and it is a disgrace to Congress,
I think, that any such resolution should stand
upon the statute-book.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It ought to be repealed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It seems to me that if
the books are worth anything they had better be
distiibuted. They are lying by thousands of vol-
umes in many of the rooms of the Interior De-
partment. 1 do not see why it is impracticable
for members to send them to their constituents.
Mr. WILKINSON. Then let a law be passed
making a proper and just distribution of these
books among the people of the United States, and
not pass an act for®members of Congress to take
them and appropriate them all to themselves.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does this "resolution come
from a committee?
Mr. WILKINSON. No, sir;, it is my own
resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know the difficulty of car-
rying into execution the law referred to by the-j
Senator from Minnesota, and I believe it is im- !
practicable. At the same time these books are 1
there in the way; they are cumbersome, and if!
they arc distributed at all now, it is done by the
favor of those who have charge of them, and not
by any law. I think they ought to be distrib-
uted. J move that this joint resolution be referred
to the Committee on Printing, who probably can
devise some mode of amending the law so as to
provide for their distribution. I remember to
have received a circular from the Secretary of the
Interior stating that he could not distribute them
because he had not enough sots to give one to
each member and Senator. I do not think the
members or Senators ought to have anything to
do with them, ltis better to provide by law for
•their distribution among public libraries, to be
selected, if desirable, by membeis of the Senate
and House of Representatives. At any rate they
should be out of the way, out of the rooms of the
Department of the Interior.
Mr. WILKINSON. I have no objection to
the reference if the Senator desires it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the joint resolution be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
COAL BEDS AT DES MOINES.
On motion by Mr. HARLAN, the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 55) granting certain priv-
ileges to the city of Des Monies, in the State of
Iowa, was considered, as in Committee of the
Whole. It is a relinquishment to the city of Des
Moines of all the right and interest of the United
States in the coal beds underlying the river Des
Moines, witlvii* the limits of the city; with a pro-
viso that no disposition or use of them shall be
made which shall obstruct the free navigation of
the river; nor shall any one grant of the privilege
of mining them extend for a longer period than
ten yeais.
The jointresolution was reported to theSe'nate,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
SCHOOL LANDS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 149,
concerning school lands in Missouri.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 149) concerning school lands in township
forty-five north, range seven east, in the State of
Missouri, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes that all of the right, title, and inter-
est of the United States in and to all of the lots,
tracts, pieces, and parcels of land within the Grand
Prairie common field, in township forty-five north
of the base line, in range seven east of the fifth
principal meridian line in the State of Missouri,
which have not heretofore been disposed of by
the United States,shall be granted, relinquished,
and conveyed by the United States, in fee simple
and in full property, to the State of Missouri, for
the support of schools in said township; but noth-
ing in the act is in any manner to abridge, divest,
impair, injure, or prejudice any adverse right,
title, or interest of any person or persons in or to
any portion or part of the lots, tracts, pieces, or
parcels of land.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SENATORS FKOM ARKANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to postpone
all prior orders for thc.purpose of taking up Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 0'2.
Mr. CARL ILE. I suggest to the Senator from
Kansas that there is a special order for half past
twelve o'clock, and it is now within a minute or
two of that time.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood that the Senator
from Kansas was to move tins morning the ref-
erence of the papers m the case of the claimants
for seats from Arkansas.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I propose to refer the
joint resolution and the credentials.
Mr. SUMNER. The credentials are first on
the Calendar. Those were presented some time
ago. If the Senator will make that motion, he is
aware that it is a privileged motion. The other
is not a piivilegcd motion.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to take up
Senate joint resolution No. 63, for the recogni-
tion of the free State government of the State of
Arkansas.
The motion was agreed tp.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I now move to refer
thejoint resolution to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will in-
clude in that reference all the papers in the case,
including the credentials. There is a motion of
mine pending to refer the credentials to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I hope the whole ques-
tion will go together.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have charge only
of the credentials of Mr. Fishback, and I move
that his credentials be referred with thejoint res-
olution to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They will be
included in the motion.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. At the request of the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Foot] 1 also move
that the credentials of Mr. Baxter be referred to
the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will regard the credentials of both gentlemen as
^included in the motion to refer, if there be no
objection.
Mr. SUMNER. That opens, as I understand,
the whole question.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore* Undoubtedly.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Piesident 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must interrupt the Senator to call up the special
order for this hour.
Mr. CONNESS. I hopeit will be postponed.
I ask the Senator from Virginia to let the bill
which is the special order go over until to-morrow
and -call it up then. I am not prepared for its
final disposition this morning.
Mr. CARLILE. I desire to accommodate Sen-
atois of course. I am willing that it shall go over
if it be made the special order for to-morrow at
the same hour. I<move therefore that the special
order for this hour be postponed until to-morrow
at half past twelve o'clock, and be made the special
order for that time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that is a bad pre-
cedent, and I must call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Mr. CARLILE. Then, with the leave of the
Senate, I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
may be withdrawn. The spccial order is before
the Senate.
Mr. CARLILE. The Senator from California
of course will excuse me now for making the
motion.
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly, sir. I am not
prepared for a vote this morning on this subject.
I do not wish to put the question off; that is not
my purpose; but the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands has indicated a de-
sire to have time for a furtherinvestigation of the
case, which I do not wish to prevent. I hope the
Senator from Ohio, in view of this, will with-
draw his objection at this time and let this bill go
over until to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not the slightest ob-
jection to letting it go over until to-morrow. I
merely object to making this private bill a special
order during the morning hour.
Mr. CONNESS. We can call it up in the
morning hour withouta doubt.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Aly colleague has pro-
tested against the postponement of this bill on
several occasions. This subject has been up for
discussion, and he has sensibly engaged in the
discussion of it. The Senate would have come
to a conclusion on Saturday if the question had
been proceeded with. It can be disposed of now,
I have no doubt, in a few minutes, for I think
there is no doubt in the minds of Senators as to
what should be done with regard to it. If it is
now postponed there will have to be a struggle
to-moriow morning again, equal to the time H
will take in debate, in order to get it up.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask if the question on which
I was about to speak is not a privileged motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of the opinion that it is not It is a motion of
the Senator from Kansas to refer a joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Chair's paidon.
It concerns the seat of a Senator. Associated
with it, the Chair will bearin mind,are the papers
relating to the seat of this claimant.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
bears in mind-what is the motion before the Sen-
