urn
THE CtXNT GHESiSiOA' A L G-LOBii.
April 28.
Sir. FESSENDEN. The Senate will perceive
that we take one third of the piesent rate of duty
instead of one half as the ratio of increase. The
only reason for it was that the Committee on Fi-
nance on consideration thought that fifty percent,
was too high. The amount is named as a mere
temporary measure until a tariff bill can be pre-
pared. The committee were of opinion that-
when that tariff bill shall be prepared it will
not be likely on the average to go beyond an in-
crease of thirty-three and one third per cent. Jf
we put it therefore at fifty per cent., and the result
should be what ! have just stated, tt would make
very great confusion in business by the duty go-
ing up for sixty days or) many articles, as it un-
questionably would,and then coming down again
at the end of sixty days. We thought it whs ad-
visable rather to put it within the measure than
above it; and for that reason, with the best judg-
ment we could, we put it at thirty-three and one
third percent. It is only approximate at best,
and that is the best guess we could give.
Mr. SHERMAN. I regret very much to differ
from the opinion of the Committee on Finance
on a question of this kind, because it is a question
of detail; and if the amendments of the com-
mittee in this case did not in my judgment very
materially affect the public service, I should at
once assent to them even if [ did not entirely
agree to their propriety. Cut as I understand
this proposition, it will very seriously affect the
public service.
The resolution of the House.of Representa-
tives, if it be passed in the words in which it has
been sent to us, will levy the increased duty on
the goods now in bonded warehouses, and also
on goods on the way here, and on such goods as
may be imported from this time until the tariff
act can be matured, which will probably take
thifty or sixty days. The amount of these goods
is very large, and especially the amount in bond-
ed warehouse. The tax proposed by the House
of Representatives is an increase of fifty percent.,
not upon the value of the goods imported, but
upon the amount of duties now levied. The av-
erage rate of duties now levied on dutiable arti-
cles is something between twenty-five and thirty
per cent. I will take it at thirty per cent, in
round numbers. The proposition of the House
of Representatives would theiefore levy a duty
of fifteen percent, additional on the value of mi-
ported articles; and the proposition of the Ren-
ate Committee on Finance will levy an additional
duty of ten percent, on the value of imported
articles, so that the difference between the two
propositions is but five per cent, on the value of
the imported articles. This five per cent, differ-
ence is but a comparatively small one when you
look at the articles themselves and their value.
The article which is most heavily taxed 111 the
* present condition of the country, in my judg-
ments iron. The duty on iron is now seven-
teen dollars a ton. The increased duty, accord-
ing to the House proposition, would be $8 50 a
ton, and by the Senate proposition about six
dollars; so that the difference between the two
propositions is only something like two dollars
a ton on iron.
• 1 think that in the presentcondition of the coun-
try, considering the large importations that are
coming in and the exhausting process that is now
going on of shipping gold to pay for those im-
portations?, we ought by some sudden contiaction
to put a stop to the importation of eo many aitt-
cles now on the way, and with that viuw an ad-
ditional duty of fifty per cent, is not too high.
Besides that, if you pass the joint resolution
precisely as it was sent to us by the other House
it will tend to raise a very large revenue; but one
of the amendments proposed by the Committee
on Finance, the one that will be consider* d next,
proposes to confine this increase of duty togroods
that are hereafter imported or nosv on the"way,
exempting from this increase of duty th j goods
now in bonded warehouse. In other wuVds, it
proposes to take off more than one half, in my
judgment, of the goods upon which the projected
increase of taxation is to operate, hesidis reducing
the late of increase to thirty-tin re and a third per
cent. The increased duty on the amount of goods
now in warehouses, according to the House res-
olution, would yield us moie revenue than the
increased duty on ail the goods imported between
this time and the parage of the tauffuct.
Taking these two amendments together, the
first reduces the rate of duty and the second re-
duces the stock to be affected, so that the* reduc-
tion of duty, in my judgment, is fully one half,
and 1 think more than half. It is impossible, how-
ever, to state exactly what is the amount m bonded
warehouse. The Senator from New York [Mr.
Morgan] probably can tell us very nearly, but
J have no doubt that the amount now in bonded
warehouse is fully equal to two months' importa-
tions on an average. 1 have heard^that stated as the
general average, importers have a right to bring
goods into the country and keep them m bonded
warehouse one year without the payment of du-
ties. 1 see no injustice in levying the increased
duties on the goods in bonded warehouse, because
the additional duties will be added to the value of
the article, and the consumers of these imported
goods will pay the additional duty after a while,
it may take a little while for the aiticle to rise
sufficiently in value to cover the increased duty;
hut in the meati time the importers can allow these
goods to remain in bond, and they can buy and
sell them in bond, and therefoi e I do not think that
to apply the increased tax to the goods in bond
is unjust or inequitable, or would work injuiy.
The condition of the country at this time is .such,
we need the money so much, it is so necessary
for us to check the importation of foreign goods,
that I would rathei vote to increase this tax from
a/ifty to one hundred per cent, than to lower it.
I know the committee have considered this mat-
ter, and the chairman can no doubt give reasons
that will appear forcible; but that is my convic-
tion, and 1 must therefore express it.
1 hope the Senate will take that view and pass
this resolution precisely as it came from the House
of Representatives. If there is much delay and
discussion on the amendments proposed by the
Committee on Finance it must go back to the
House of Representatives if any amendment be
adopted, and there will be further delay and further
discussion tiiere,and we defeat the very purpose for
which tins lesoltuion was hastily and suddenly
passed by that House. My own desire is to levy
on all the goods now in bonded warehouses this
increased duty, to receive the benefit of it to the
Government. 1 think by that course we do no
injury to any one, certiunly no more injury than
a tax law always does, i think it is entirely de-
fensible and justifiable, especially in the condition
of the country when we have a right to resort,
and must resort, to very seveie measures of tax-
ation.
Mr. CHANDLER. I agio*1 fully with the Sen-
ator from Ohio.^l would rather raise thismcrease
of duty to one hundred per cent, than to reduce
it ten per cent, below the,fifty per cent, proposed
by the House of Representatives. When gold is
flawing out of the counu y at the rate of four or
five million dollars a week to pay for imported
merchandise, it seems to me it is time we should
put obstructions in the way of increased impor-
tations instead of holding out inducements for
them. I trust the amendment of the Committee
on Finance will be rejected and the resolution be
passed just as it came to us; but if any amend-
ment be adopted 1 shall certainly offer one, in-
stead of loweiing the amount, to raise it to sev-
enty-five or one hundred per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It makes no difference
to me, of coui&e, what conclusion the Senate may
come to on the subject. 1 wish, however, with
reference to one pellicular amendment pioposed,
to which the honorable Senator from Ohio has ad-
dtesatd his remaiks, to wash my hands, at least
so far as 1 am concerned, of what 1 conceive to
be improper m the provisions of tins resolution.
I have stated tiie only leason that exists that I
know of why we propose to put down the in-
creased duty from fifty to thii ty-three and a third
percent. If SciMtois take the view that they
wish to stop impottiUions, fifty per cent, is un-
doubtedly belter than thii iy-tluee and a third,
and one hundred per cent., as suggested by the
Senator fiom Michigan, is betfer still But I do
not know that Congress lias yet come to the con-
clusion that it is bi-st entirely to stop importa-
tions. We have pledged to the public creditors
the revenues we deme from impoi*ta as a fund
for the payment of the inkiest on the public debt;
and it is not a very good way to increase the rev-
enues of the country lor any purpose, or to carry
out the ideu of meeting the obligation which we
have thus incurred by saying we will so legislate
as to prevent getting the money necessary to meet
this obligation.
The committee did not go upon that hypothe-
sis. Their idea was to legislate upon a tariff lull,
not with a view to stop importations, but with a
view to derive revenue. J understand that the
single idea of the House of Representatives in
adopting this resolution was to prevent the great
orders for importations, and the importations that
might be made between the present time and the
time when the tariff bill could be elaborated and
passed. On that idea the committee acted; that
is to say, a majority of the committee, and when
1 speak of the committee I speak of the general
result to which the committee as a whole capie.
Acting upon that hypothesis, upon that idea, I
have given the reasons which actuated the com-
mittee. Believing that the tariff would soon be
revised as a tarn) for revenue, and believing that
the increase proposed by it would not, as a gen-
eral rule, exceed thirty-three and one third per
cent., or much exceed it, and that fifty per cent,
would be a larger increase than would be levied
by the bill, they deemed it more consistent with
the business of the country to fix the temporary
increase of duty here proposed at thirty-three and
one third per cent.., rather below, if you please,
or not much exceeding the rate which they be-
lieved would finally be adopted. That was the
reason; and if that should address itself to the
minds of the Senate as a sufficient reason, they will
adopt that view; but if, on the contrary, they go
upon the idea of stopping importations for the ben-
efit of the country, without reference to the bus-
mess of the country, and its effects upon the bus-
iness of the country, then they wiil adopt the
course suggested by the Senator from Ohio, and
sustained by the Senator from Michigan.
I believe that is the true state of the question,
and whatever conclusion the Senate may come
to, will be satisfactory to me. I have discharged
my duty by expressing my own opinion on the
subject. The consideration to which I have al-
ready adverted incidentally, as to the effect of
what we may do upon the business of the coun-
try, should not be lost sightof. Some gentlemen
seem, in the views that they express here, to he
actuated by the idea that all we have to do is to
get money to meet our obligations. That is a
most impoitant tiling to be done unquestionably,
and the rrmst important thing to be done; but, to
use a familiar illustration, we must take care and
not kill the goose that lays the golden egg. We
must dep  nd, in the future as m the present, in a
very gie«f measure upon the business of the
country ar;d the prosperity of the business of the
country to afford us means. We are not legis-
lating for to-day alone, or for this year, orfoi next
year. We may get a few million dollars more or
less to meet our present obligations; but if by so
doing we throw the business of the country into
confusion, or one great branch of that business,
and interfere with the prosperity of the country
largely, we are to suffer from it in the future when
we shall need money just as much perhaps as we
do to-day; and therefore in ah our legislation,
while we keep in view the great object of getting
the means to meet our obligations, we should at
the same time remember that our necessities are
to endure through future years, and that we must
foster all those sources from which we are to de-
rive revenue in the future; and as I said before,
when the prosperity of the country is seriously
intetfered with we do not make up for it by get-
ting a few millions more or less to-day, or tins
month, or nexr month, for a present occasion; we
do 'more haitn than we do good.
A woid now in reference to the other proposi-
tion to exemptgoods in bond. Pei baps Senators
have not all taken pains to ascertain the histoiy
of our legislation upon these subjt cis. Foi mt i ly
in passing tariff bills we excepted ail goods on
shipboard on the ground that men made their
contracts with refeience to existing laws. What-
ever was water-borne, from any quarter of the
woiId, and however long it might be in arriving,
our policy was formerly to exempt from an in-
creased tariff, on the ground that there was an im-
plied contract in reference to it, and that men hav-
ing made their contracts and frequently having
made their sales beforehand, would be injured if
we did nut exempt them. When the warehouse
system was adopted of course we exemptedgoods
