2896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13.
ate, to refer the joint resolution, with which the
credentials of fhe Senator from Arkansas was at-
tached, that subject having once been postponed
by the Senate,and also the credentials of the other
Senator from that State. It cannot alter, in the
opinion of the Chair, the joint resolution which
was the subject of the motion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I was on the floor when I
was interrupted by the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts rose to a question of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not anticipate any
considerable discussion on the bill which is the
special order for this morning. The most that
will be required to be said will be simple state-
ments of fact. The Senator, my colleague, hav-
ing engaged in this discussion, and having raised
this objection, should be able to state any further
facts that may have come to his possession since
his past discussion. With regard to the matter
I have very little to say, scarcely anything except
a brief statement of less than five minutes. I'
should like to see the bill disposed of. It was a
subject of discussion during the last Congress,
when it happened that my then' colleague and
myself concurred, agreeing in the propriety of the
measure, about the propriety of which, I think,
there can be no doubt. I wish this matter dis-
posed of for the economy of time in the transac-
tion ofrbusiness.
Mr. CONNESS. What my colleague, the
Senator from California, has said in regard to tho
honorable Senator and his then colleague beihg
in favor of this bill a year ago is doubtless true.
It is also true that when the Legislature of the State
—the State which he represents—found that the
two Senators were engaged in the passage of this
bill they passed concurrent resolutions instruct-
ing them against its passage. Those resolutions
have been read from the desk of the Secretary to
the Senate upon this question. It is a question,
indeed, of great importance, because if this bill
shall be passed it will be necessarily made the
Precedent for a hundred others of the same kind,
t is a question of too much importance to be
pressed through this body at the request of pri-
vate persons. I move th&t the further consider-
ation of the bill be postponed until to-morrow
and on that motion i will ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I have not been pay-
ing any particular attention to this case, I wish
to know whether it is proposed to be postponed
until to-morrow, with a view of getting some ad-
ditional information, or simply to get rid of the
bill.
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; it is not to get rid
of the bill. I am exceedingly anxious to have
the deteimination of the Senate upon the ques-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it is merely to oh
tain further information in regard to it.
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir, merely until the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands and
myself are better prepaicd to dispose of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that is the case, I think
it had better be postponed until to-morrow. I
think there had better be an acquiescence in the
motion to postpone under such a statement as
that.
Mr. HARLAN. I think I ought to state that
papers have been put in my hand since this dis
cussion commenced on a previous day, which I
lmve not had time to examine, and I desire to
have time to read them. 1 therefore should like
to have it postponed on that account.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the call for the
yeas and nays will be withdrawn.
Mr* McDOUGALL. &fter the statement made
by the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands, I have no objection to the postponement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Conness] wuhdiaw
the call?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. By unanimous
con-sent tho call may be withdiawn. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we may proceed with
the subject which was under discussion when the
special order was called up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. .The question
is on the motion of the Senator from California
[Mr. Conne5s] to postpone the further consider-
ation of the bill which was made the special or-
der for to-day at half pa$t twelve o'clock ujuil to-
morrow.
Mr. CARLILE. I shall have no objection to
that motion if I can amend it by making that bill
the spcciai order for half past twelve o'clock to-
morrow.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senate sees fit to make
it a special order 1 have no objection.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think that would be
but right under the circumstances.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that the motioncannotbeamended, be-
cause it requires two distinct votes. A majority
may postpone, but it requires two thirds to make
a*special order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will ask my colleague
to withdraw his motion to postponeand allow the
question to be put on the motion to make it a
special order.
Mr. CONNESS. I will do that with pleasure.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. The motion to
postpone is withdrawn,and the motion now is to
assign Senate bill No. 238, to ascertain and settle
certain private land claims in the State of Cali-
fornia, as the special order for to-morrow at half
past twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed t0  two thirds of the
-Senate concurring therein.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the subject which was under consider-
ation when interrupted by the special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate resume the consideration of the
joint resolution introduced by the Senator from
Kansas, [Mr. Lane.]
-The motion was agreed to.
Mr.' SUMNER. Mr. President, I begin by
expressing my sympathy with every loyal char-
acter in a rebel State. Knowing well, from long
experience, the cruel rule and domination of
slavery, even in this Chamber, I cannot be indif-
ferent to the trials of loyalty anywhere in these
latter days. Show me a man who in a rebel State
has stood faithful to the national cause, and I go
forth to meet him with my heart in my hand.
To have been true at a time when truth was dis-
owned is enough for honor as well as thanks.
But the merits of individuals cannot determine
the rights of States.
The case is too important. If individual merits,
universally recognized, could have saved a State
to present rights in the Union, Tennessee would
not now bo a self-condemned exile. There are few
anywhere who have been so entirely true as An-
drew Johnson, and not one in all the rebel States
who so bravely encountered the rebellion face to
face. In himself he was more than ten men, and
ten men might have saved Sodom. Besides, he
was a Senator on this floor when the State which
he represented took its place in the rebel confed-
eracy and joined in war against tho national Gov-
ernment. But he stayed behind with his country,
and kepthyt seat here. Persons ignorant of par-
liamentary law here sometimes argued from the
latter circumstance that rebel Tennessee was still
entitled to her ancient rights in the Union; but
they forgot two principles fixed long ago in Eng-
land, the original home of parliamentary law,
beyond all question: first, that the power once
conferred by an election tq Parliament is irrevo-
cable, so that it is not affected by any subsequent
changc in the constituency; and, secondly, that a
member, when once chosen, is a member for the
whole kingdom, becoming thereby, according to
the woids of an early author, not merely knight
or burgess of the county or borough which elected
him, Out knight or buigess of England. (Cush-
ing's Parliamentary Law, page 284.) If these two
principles are not entirely discarded in our polit-
ical system, then the scat of Andrew Johnson was
notin any icspectaffected by thesubsequentmad-
ness of his State, nor can the legality of his seat
be any argument for the ancient rights of his
State. Nor, again, can the fact that Andrew John-
son has been selected by the convention of a pow-
erful political party as a candidate for the Vice
Presidency be any argument for these ancient
rights. It is not necessary even that a candidate
for President or Vice President should b&long to
a State.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator permit me
to ask whether it is not necessary that he should
not be an alien enemy?
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will bear with
me, I was not discussing that question now. I
was observing that it is nojnecessary even that a
candidate for President or Vice President should
belong to a State. That is all I am on now. it is
enough, under the Constitution, that he is a "citi-
zen of the United States." He may be of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, or of aTerntory, or of a rebel
State; for these are all equally within the rightful
jurisdiction of the United States, and this is enough.
The jurisdiction of the United States is ptnnanerit
and indefeasible. Therefore, I repeat again, we
must look, on the present occasion, beyond the
virtues of individuals. Not all the virtues under
heaven can suffice to make a State of this Union,
or to give any claim for restoration to ancient
rights, where there is a failure to comply with
essential requirements.
The question under consideration is of mo-
mentous interest. It concerns primarily the claim
to a seat in the Senate. But it involves also the
right of the State of Arkansas to ihare at this
moment in the national Government by a repre-
sentation in Congress; and also the other right of
participating in the approaching presidential elec-
tion. And behind Una great question looms that
other question, "How shall we treat the rebel
States?" This question has already been an-
swered by the House of Pvepresentatives in a bill
which has been passed by that body.^ But it has
not yet been decided by the Senate.
Unexpectedly the great question and all the
subordinate questions are now presented for de-
cision. Not only Arkansas, but Louisiana and
every other rebel State will await your judgment.
No question of equal importance has been pre-
sented since it was determined to meet the rebel-
lion by arms.
For the present I forbear nil minute discussion,
either of history or of principle. It will be enough
if I state the case and exhibit the questions in-
volved.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. With the consent of
the Senator from Massachusetts I desire to make
a statement. The Senators from Arkansas asking
scats on this floor 
Mr. SUMNER. I propose to come to that. I
am going to state the facts.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am not going to
make^a speech, but I desire to make a statement
injustice to them. They do not expect seats in
this body until these conditions are complied
with :
k{That the present organized government in the State of
Arkansas be, and it is heiety, recognized upon the con-
dition that slavery and invoiuntaiy hervitude shall never
cxi=;f in paid Stare except as a punishment for ciime.
"That this joint resolution shall be in force from and after
the acceptance of its ptovisions by the people of Hie tuid
State, and proclamation of the same by the PiObident of
the United iStatefc."
Mr. SUMNER. William M. Fishback, a cit-
izen of Arkansas, appears before the Senate of
the United States and claims membership therein.
He asserts that he has been duly chosen to fill the
unexpired term of Senator Sebastian, who was
excelled in 1861 for complicity with the rebellion;
and he produces a certificate purporting to be
signed by the Governor of Aikansas.
Shall this claimant be admitted to a seat in the
Senate? Such is the immediate question. But I
have said that there are other questions, of the
most far-reaching character, which must be con-
sidered now and here; for they all enter into the
present case. If we now admit the present claim-
ant, we must also now admit that other claimant
who has presented himself with bke-credentials,
as a colleague. The question is not, therefore,
shall Arkansas have one vote in this Senate? but,
shall it have two ?
But if Arkansas is now to be fully represented
m this Senate, does it not follow that it is to be
represented with equal fullness in the House of
Representatives? Ifrepresented in that Chamber,
such representation must be under the existing
apportionment act, which assigns to Arkansas
two Representatives, who are to be chosen by dis-
tricts, without reference to the number of votes
polled in either.
* One privilege will draw after it another. To
him that hath shall be given. If Arkansas is ad-
mitted to an immediate representation in the na-
tional Government, this rebel State, wluch has
