1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'875
sation paid to the officers and soldiers of the Army and
Navy oi' the United States be increased about thirty-three
par cent., and that the Committee on Military Affairs be,
and they are hereby, instructed to report to this Hou«e at
an early day a bill for the purpose of carrying out the views
of the House as expressed by this resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the demand for the previous question, and
to modify the resolution so as to instruct the com-
mittee to inquire into the expediency of reporting
a bill.
Mr. ROSS. I must decline, as I want to test
the question.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the motion to lay
upon the table until I see whether the demand for
the previous question is sustained.
The previous question was not seconded; there
being, on a division—ayes 40, noes60.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to debate the resolu-
tion, and to expose this demagogism.
The SPEAKER. The resolution then goes
over.
SLAVERY.
Mr. MORRISON submitted the following res-
olution , on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved, Thatslavery legally exists in some ofthe States
of the Union by virtue of the constitution and laws of such
States, and that neither the Government of the United
States, nor the people thereof, as such, are responsible
therefor, nor have they any legal duty to perform in relation
thereto exeept such as is enjoined by section two, article
four, of the Federal Constitution, in these words: " No per-
son held to service or labor in one State, under the laws
thereof, escaping into another, shall, in consequence of any
law or regulation therein, be discharged irom such service
or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of the party to
whom such service or labor may be due."
The previous question was not seconded; there
being, on a division—ayes 41, noes 69.
Mr. ARNOLD rose to debate the resolution,
and it went over.
WESTERN NAVY-YARD.
Mr. ROBINSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered,andagreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is
hereby, requested to communicate to this Ilouse, if not in-
compatible with the public interest, a copy of Commodore
Foote's report on the necessity of establishing a navy-yard
and dppot for naval purposes on the western watets, and
the point where the same should be established, winch im-
port was addressed to Hon. John W. Noell, ofthe Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and dated Februaiy 5, 1863.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, leave
was granted to withdraw from the Committee on
Military Affairs the papers relating to the claims
of the members of the first regiment of cavalry of
Illinois volunteers for horses lost at the battle of
Lexington, Missouri; and also those in the case
of Colonel Joseph Paddock for services as such
and as commandant of the fifth regiment of In-
diana volunteers in the war with the Indians in
1810-11, and in the war of 1812 with Great Britain.
ILLINOIS MAIL ROUTE.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, submitted a resolu-
tion, which was read, considered, and agreed to,
instructing the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads to inquire into the propriety of estab-
lishing a mail route from the city of Rock Island,
Illinois, through Camden Mills, Pleasant Pudge,
&c., to the city of Fort Madison, Iowa.
EMPLOYMENT OP REBEL PRISONERS.
Mr. ARNOLD asked unanimous consent of the
House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the committee on the conductor the war
be icquestcd toinquue into the expediency of emplojing
the icbel prisoners oil &uch public works as maybe required,
to the end that they may earn an honest livelihood while
in our hando.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, objected.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 26) reviving the
grade of lieutenant general in the United States
Army; and an act (B. R. No. 930) to extend the
time for the withdrawal of goods from public stores
and bonded warehouses, and for other purposes;
when the Speaker signed the same.
EVACUATION OF WINCHESTER.
Mr. JULIAN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed, if not
inconsistent with the public interest, to furnish to this
House a copy of the proceedings of the court of inquiry con-
vened under special order No. 346 ofthe War Department
on the 7th of August, 1863, to inquire into the facts and cir-
cumstanccs relative to the evacuation of Winchester by
the command of Major General Milroy, together with ail
the testimony taken before said court, its rulings on points
of evidence, the notes of testimony offered and rejected,
the summary of the case by the Judge Advocate General,
and the decision ofthe President thereon.
DICTIONARY OF CONGRESS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH submitted the follow-
ing resolution, upon which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That the resolution passed by the House on
the 13th of February, 1864, which directed the Clerk ofthe
House to pay the late librarian of the House a sum not
exceeding two dollars per copy for the copyright of a work
entitled A Dictionary of the United States Congress, be,
and the same is hereby, lepealed.
Mr. MORRILL called for tellers on seconding
the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morrill
and Stiles were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 57, noes 52.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. BRANDEGEE moved to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table.
Mr. SPALDING demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 58, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Anderson,
Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, Fiancis P. Blair, Bliss, Bian-
degee, Brooks,Chanler,Clay,Cofiioth, Cox,Doming, Den-
nison, Dixon, Eden, Eldriflge, Finek, Ganson, Griswold,
Hale, Harding, Harrington, Charles M. Harris, Hernck,
Hiitcbins, Keinan, King, Knapp, Law, Long, Mallory,
Maiey, McAllister, McDowell, William tl. Miller, Moor-
head, Morrison, Nob'e, John O'Neill, Radford, Samuel J.
Randall, Rogers, Ross, Scott, Smith, Spalding, John D.
Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat,
Thayer, Wadswoith,Chilton A. White, and Winfield—59.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ashley, John D.
Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blow, Boutweil, Boyd, William
G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Fieeman Claike.Cobb. Cole,
Dawes, Donnelly, Rriggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eliot, Farns-
woith. Fenton, Grmnell, Higby, Hohnan, Hooper, Hotch-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Jenckes, Ju-
lian, Kellcy, Francis VV. Kellogg, Oilando Kellogg, Loan,
Marvin, McBnde, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moinll,
Daniel Morris, Amos Myeis, Leonard Myers, Norton,
Charles O'Neill, Pike, Poiucroy, Price, John fl. Rice, Seo-
field, Shannon, Sloan, Srmthers, Starr, Stevens, Upson,
Van Valkenburgh,Elihu B.Wasbbume, William B. Wash-
burn, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—64.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. DRIGGS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Longyear, was confiticd to his room by indispo-
sition .
Mr. ROBINSON stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Gooch.
Mr. SWEAT. I rise toa question of order for
the purpose of understanding where we stand in
this matter. The resolution which this proposes
to repeal was adopted some weeks ago, and 1 sup-
posed that final action was had upon it, as a mo-
tion to reconsider was laid on the table.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, is debate in
oider?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The Chair is en-
deavoring to understand what question of order
the gentleman from Maine is raising.
Mr. SWEAT. It is impossible for me to pre-
sent my question of order without making a pre- i
liminaiy statement.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot, dur-
ing the roll-call, presentany point of orderexcept
very briefly.
Mr, SWEAT. I wish to inquire of the Chair
what vote it takes to repeal a resolution already
adopted.
The SPEAKER. By all the usages with which
the Chair is familiar, a majority can repeal a res-
olution which a majority has passed.
Mr, SWEAT. The point of oider which I
wished to raise was this: after the resolution had
been adopted and a motion to reconsider laid on
the table, making the action of the House final,
and when it is well known that many membeis
on this wide of the House are absent, is it in order
to introduce a resolution of this nature?
The SPEAKER. It is m order.
Mr. SWEAT. And again I wish to inquire- 
TheSPEAKER. Thegcntleman isnotstating
a point of order. He is debating the merits of the
proposition,
Mr. SWEAT- I wish to know whether ap-
proved parliamentary rules will not interfere for
the purpose of maintaining good faith and com-
mon fair dealing on the part ofthe House.
The SPEAKER. That is debate, and is there-
fore out of order.
Mr. COX. I rise preliminarily to a point of
order. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. During a roll-call nothing
can be preliminary to a point of order.
Mr. COX. I wish to inquire whether a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted was notmade,and laid on the table?
TheSPEAKER. It was.
Mr. COX. Then does not a resolution to re-
peal it require a two thirds vote?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. SWEAT. That was the very question I
was proposingHo ask.
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman was de-
bating before he reached that point.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
The question recurred on ordering the main
question to be now put.
Mr. DAWSON called for the yeas ftnd nays.
Mr. SWEAT. I wish to appeal to the mover
of the resolution, and to ask him to delay action
upon it until we have a full representation on this
side of the House.
Mr. MORRILL. I object.
Mr. SWEAT. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
. Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 6, nays 110; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Baily, Chan-
ler, Dennison, and Stiles—6.
NAYS—-Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Ashley, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Bax-
ter, Beaman, Jacob B. Blair, Bli^s, Blow, Boutweil, Boyd,
Brandegee, William G. Brown, Ambrose W.Clark,Freeman
Clarke, Clay, Cobb, Coffroth, Cole, Cox, Creswell, Henry
Winter Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs,
Dumont, Eckley, Eldridge, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fenton,
Finck. Frank, Ganson, Grinnell, Hale, Charles M. Harris,
fligby, Ilolman, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
John H. Hubbaid, Jenckes, Kellcy, Francis W. Kellogg,
Orlando Kellogg, Kernan, Knapp, Loan, Long, Mallory,
Marvin,McAlhstei, MeBride, McClurg, Mclndoe,Samuel
F. Miller, William II. Miller, Morrill, Daniel Morris,
Morrison, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton, Charles
O'Neill,John O'Neill, Patterson,Pendleton,Perham,Pike,
Pomeroy, Price, Samuel J. Randall, William il. Randall,
John H. Itice, Schenck, Scofield, Scott, Shannon, Sloan,
Smith, Smithers,Spalding, Stan,Stebbins, John B.'Steele,
William G. Steele, Stiouse, Stuart, Thayer, Thomas, Up-
son, Van Valkenburgh, Wadsworth, Elihu B. Wasliburue,
William B. Washburn, Whalev, Williams, Wilder, Wil-
son, Windom, Wmficld, and Woodbridge—110.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BRANDEGEE stated thathe had been re-
quested by his colleague, Mr. English, to state
that he had been called home suddenly on account
of sickness in his family.
Mr. HOLMAN stated that Mr. Middletok
had been called home by the death of an old friend.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
The question recurred on ordering the main
question to be now put, on which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dawson] had demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 70, nays 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman. Blow. Boutweil, Bo3'd, Am-
brose W. Clark. Freeman Clarke, Cobb. Cole, Thomas T.
Davis, Dawes, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Fenton, Grinn^H, Iligby, Ilolman, Hooper,
Hotchkiss As-ahel W. Hubbaid. John H.Hubbard, Jenckes,
Julian, Keijey, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg,
Lovejoy, Marvin, McBnde, Mclndoc, Samuel F. Miller,
Mooi'licad, Morrill, Amos Mycis, Norton, diaries O'Neill,
Patterson, Perham, Pike, Potneiov, Price, William H. Ran-
dall. John H. Itice, Sehenck. Scofield, Shannon, Sloan,
Smithes, Spalding, Stan, Stevens', Thomas ITp*on, Van
Valkrnbureh. Elihu B. Wasliburue,'William B. Washburn,
Wdliams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom,and Woodbiidge—70.
NAYS—Mess-r-*. James C. Aden. Ancona, Baily, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin. Fiancis P. Blair, Bliss. Brandfg',c, Biooks,
WilliamG. Biown, Ciianlei, Clay, Coffioth, Cox. Dawson,
Dennison, Eden, Eldiidge, Fmck, Frank, Ganson, Gnder,
Hardms, Hanington, Charles M. Harris Hcrrick, Kernan,
Kmg, Knapp, Law, Long. Mallory, Matey, McDowell,
Nelson, Noble, John O'Neill, R.idfoid, Rogers, Ross, Scott^
