THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
Smith, Stebbins, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stik's,
Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Wadsworth, Whaley, Chilton A.
White, and Winfield—52.
So the main question was ordered to b.e put.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. STILES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alky, Allison, Ames, Arneld, Ashley,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beamaii, Jacob B. Blair, Blow,
Boutwell, Boyd, Ambrose W, Clark, Freeman Clarke.Cobb,
Cole, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Donnelly, Driggs, Du-
mont, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth. Fcnton,Grinnell, Higby,
Ilolman. Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard. John H.
Hubbard, Jenckes, 3 ulian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Or-
lando Kellogg, bovejoy, Marvin, McIhidejiVleClurg, Sam-
uel F. Miller, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leon-
ard Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Patterson, Pendleton,
Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, John H. Rice, Schenck,
Scofif.ld, Shannon,Sloan,Smithers, Starr, Stevens, Thom-
as, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Elihu B. Washburue, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—71.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Anderson,
Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, Francis P. Blair, Bliss, Bran-
degee, Brooks, William G. Brown, Chanler, Clay, Coffroth,
Cox, Dawson, Deming, Dennison, Dixon, Eden, Eldridgo,
Finck, frank, Ganson, Grider, Griswold, Hale, Haidnig,
Harrington, Charles M. Harris, Herrick, Hutchins, Ker-
nan, Knapp, Law, Long, Mallory, Marcy, McDowell,
William H. Miller, Moorhead, Morrison, Nelson, Noble,
John O'Na'll, William H. Randall, Rogers, Ross, Scott,
Smith, Spalding, Stebbins, John B. Steele, Stiles, Strouse,
Stuart, Sweat, Thayer, Wadsworth, Whaley, Chilion A.
While, and Winfield—61.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. BRANDEGEE stated that Mr. Rice, of
Massachusetts, was detained from the House by
illness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to rcconsider be laid
upon the table.
Mr. STILES demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. ANCONA demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
VIRGINIA ELECTION CASE.
Mr. SMITH. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. The question of the right of Mr. Kitchen
to a seat upon this floor from the seventh congres-
sional district of Virginia was postponed to this
day. I am so indisposed that lam scarcely able
to speak, and 1 move that it be further postponed
until Friday next.
The motion was agreed to.
T1U3ASUIVY D1SPAKTMBNT REGULATIONS, F/TC.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of £he Hause to submit the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the committee fin the conduct of the war
be instructed to inquire into and r<'poit upon the practical
operation and result of the seveial acts ol Cougie.s* touch-
ing commercial intercom m* with the Status deflated to he
in insurrection against the anthouty of the Goveinment,
and of the opejations of the Treasury Derailment, estab-
lished by the Secretary and approved by the Piesulent on
the Slot day <>t M.treh ami the 51th day of September, l«G3;
and of the imhtaiy orders which have been made fiotn tunc
to time touching such commercial intercourse bv geneials
eorrnn.indin" depaitments or other officers; also to ascer-
tain and repoit in what manner j=aid acts,  epilations, and
orders have been executed, and especially whether any
frauds have been committed or favoriti.-m to individuals
or localities iihowii by the officers or ajjent* o! the Govern-
ment employed under tb« said acts, regulations, or order-;
and to inquire into all other mutters touching any of the
points which affect the public interest or the charactei ot
any public soivant.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I object.
Mr. STEVENS moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COX. Is it m order to move to insert a
special committee with the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Blair] as chairman, instead of the
committee on the conduct of the war?
.The SP LAKER. If the rules are suspended and
the previous question is notcalled it will be in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 74, nays 47; as follows:
YEAS—Mew*. AUit-on, Arnold, A-hlcv, John D. Bald-
win, B.uter. Beaman, Jacob B. Blair, Blow, Boutwell,
Bo>dj Biaudegee, Ambioac W. Claik, Fieeman Ciaike,
Cobb, Cole, Creswell, Hemy Winter Davis, Dawes, Dem-
insr, Dixon, Drigg®, Dumont. Eokley, Eliot,Fcnton, Frank,
Garfield, Grmneil, Higby, Hooper," Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, John li. Hubbard, Jcnekcs, Julian, Kelley, Fran-
cis VV. Kellogar, Orlando Kellogg, Loan, Lovejoy, McBride,
McClurg, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill,
Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Pat-
terson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, William H. Ran-
dall, John H. Rice, Schenck, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan,
Smithers, Spalding', Stevens, Thayer, Upson, Van Valken-
burgh, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wil-
liams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Woodhiidge—74.
NAYS—Mes«rs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Francis P. Blair, Brooks, William G. Brown,
Chanler, Clay, Cortroth, Cox, Dawson, Derinison, Eden,
Eldridge,Finck,Ganson,Griswold,Charles M. Harris, fler-
rick, Ilolman. Kernan, King, Knapp, Law, Long, Malloiy,
Marcy, McDowell, Morrison, Nelson, Noble, John O'Neill,
Pendleton, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Rogers, Ross, Scott,
John B. Steele, Stiles, Strou-e, Stuart, Sweat, Thomas,
Tracy, Wadsworth, and Winfield—47.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.
LOAN BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave to report back
from the Committee of Ways and Means bill of
the House No. 265, supplementary to an act en-
titled "An act to provide ways and means for the
support of the Government," approved Match 3,
1863.
Mr. COX. I would ask the gentleman if he has
authority to report this bill now under the rules
of the House?
Mr. STEVENS. I propose to report it from
the Committee of Ways and Means, under what
I suppose to be their authority.
Mr. HOLMAN. It can only be reported, 1
suppose, under a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. Not being a general appro-
priation bill, it can only be reported at this time
under a suspension of the rules, if objection be
made.
Mr. COX. So I supposed.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio object to the reporting of the bill?
Mr. COX. I do, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move a suspension
of the rules, so that the bill may be reported back
and considered in the House now.
Mr. ANCONA. 1 ask the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. BROOKS. If the House will allow me, I
desire to say a word.
No objection was made.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 think the only apprehension
on this side of the House is that the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means will forcc this
bill to an immediate vote under the previous ques-
tion, without affording an opportunity for the of-
feiing of amendments. He will observe that in
the last section there is no limitation on theamount
of bonds to be issued.
Mr. STEVENS. The committee now report
an amendment limiting the amount to $11,000,000.
Mr. BROOKS. If the gentleman proposes to
give the House proper time to consider the bill,
I think there will be no objection to its being re-
ported now.
Mr. STEVENS. I will not call the previous
question until gentlemen have had an opportunity
to propose amendments.
Mr. BROOKS. With thatunderstanding, I do
not think there will be any objection.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Ancona] insist on his objec-
tion and his demand for the yeas and nays?
Mr. ANCONA. I do; 1 prefer that the bill
shall not be reported now.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and (two thirds vot-
ing in favor thereof) the rules were suspended.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, then reported back the bill with two
amendments.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that m lieu of so much of the loan authorized by
the act of March 3, 1863, to which this is sup-
plementary, the Secretary of the Treasury shall
be authorized to borrow, from time to time, on
the credit of the United States, not exceeding
$200,000,000 during the current fiscal year, and
to prepaie and issue therefor coupon or registered
bonds of the United States, redeemable at the
pleasure of the Government after any period not
less than five years, and payable at any period
not more than forty yeais from date, and of such
denominations as may be found expedient, not
less than fifty dollars, bearing interest not ex-
ceeding six per cent, a year, payable on bonds
not over $100, annually, and on all other bonds
semi-annually, in coin; and he may dispose of
such bonds at any time, on such terms as he may
deem most advisable, for lawful money of the
United States, or, at his discretion, for Treasury
notes, certificates of indebtedness, or certificates
of deposit, issued under any act of Congress;
and all bonds issued under this act shall be ex-
empt from taxation by or under State or muni-
cipal authority. And that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall pay the necessary expenses of the
preparation, issue, and disposal of such bonds
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, but the amount so paid shall not
exceed one half of one per cent, of the amount of
the bonds so issued and disposed of.
The second section authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue to persons who subscribed
on or before the 21st of January, 1864, for bonds
redeemable after five years and payable twenty
yeais from date, and have paid into the Treasury
the amount of their subsciiptions, the bonds by
them respectively subscribed for, notwithstand-
ing that such subscriptions may be in excess of
$500,000,000; and the bonds so issued shall have
the same forcc and effect as if issued under the
•provisions of the act to authorize the issue of
United States notes, and for other purposes, ap-
proved February 26, 1862.
The Committee of Ways and Means reported
an amendment to insert after the words " United
States" in line nine, the words " bearing date
March 1, 18G4, or any subsequent period."
Mr. STEVENS. I will explain the necessity
for that amendment. The Department now has
a plate which, without being altered, could be
used for these bonds if they were authorized to
date them on the 1st of March. If that alteration
is not made—and it is probable the bill will not
become a law before that time—then they will
have to prepare new plates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee of Ways and Means reported
a further amendment: in line seven of page 2,
after the word "for," to insert "not exceeding
$11,000,000."
Mr. STEVENS. As the bill was originally
reported it authorized the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue live-twenty bonds for all which had
been subscribed for previous to the expiration of
the lime fixed and which had been paid in, and
for which the money is in the Treasury. That
was thought by some gentlemen here, and very
propetly I believe, to be rather too indefinite,au-
thorizing the issuingof an indefinite sum. We have
ascertained that the amount is about $10,000,000,
and cannot exceed $11,000,000, and the commit-
tee have thought it right to restrict the issuing
to the amount actually on hand, not exceeding
$11,000,000.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, the section as
it now stands contains one other objection, to
which I wish the attention of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. As the sec-
tion now stands it cieates an additional loan of
$11,000,000, while the puiport of the act is only
to transfer $200,000,000 from the $600,000,000 Jf
the act of March 3, 1863. Th is is not a proper
time nor a proper way in which to make a new
loan; and whenever the subject of a loan comes
up, there are some of us who have some remarks
to make which we do not wish to make upon a
bill of this character, because it might embarrass
it. I hope ^hat the chaiiman of the Committee
of Ways and Means will consent to this amend-
ment, after the one just reported:
PiovideJ, That this All .000,000 sdi.tll be deducted from
the.$200,000,000, as authorized in the lliM section of thi^aet.
Th« act as it now stands creates an additional
loan of $11,000,000. It is that to which I object,
not to the tiansfer of the $200,000,000 ftom the
$600,000,000. for that makes no additional loan.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman move
that as an amendment?
Mr. BROOKS. I do.
Mr. STEVENS. I have simply to say that
that does not meet the views of the Committee
of Ways and Means. The act of 1862 author-
izes the loan to run for forly years. The bill
under which this $11,000,000 is proposed to be
issued authorizes the loan to tun for twenty
