1922
THE CON(JEBSBIOJSrAL GLOBE.
April 28,
Was because it was riot in your Warehouses; it
was not under the control of the Government;
init u had entered into the market; it had been
sold from hand to hand, and the tax had been
paid.
■ MivCONNESS. It had paid one tax.
' Mr.HOWE. - It had paid one tax. Ithadpaid
nearly the whole tax proposed. These goods
have paid no duty; they have not been delivered
by the Government; they are in your own hands.
It' you put on the additional duty, the importer
has still the choice to.pay that duty or reship his
goods;- He left the goods there precisely'for that
■purpose, to make up his mind whether he would
pay the duty or reship them. He pays the duty,
•find then only after he has paid the duty do they
"come into the market.
• For- these reasons—I have stated them as briefly
as I can; i do not know how coherently—I voted
in committee and shall vote in the Senate against
•the reduction of this increased duty from fifty to
-thirty-three and one third per cent., and 1 am op-
posed to "exempting the goods in bonded ware-
houses from the payment of this additional duty.
Mr. CHANDLER-. It is true,as stated by the
Senator from Maine, that under our old usage,
we always exempted goods on hand and goods
on shipboard from an increase of duty. U is like-
wise true that we gave notice that we had changed
*our policy in that regaid.
The Senator from Wisconsin has anticipated the
^argument which I had intended to make. There
is tenfold the reason why yo« should exempt
sgoods on shipboard, oidered under the expecta-
tion of paying a certain rate of duty, that there
is for exempting goods in warehouse under Gov-
ernment bonds. Does the Senator from Maine
-state as a lawyer that there is anything even bear-
ding the semblance of a contract between the Gov-
ernment and the man who puts his property in
bond? A contract must be binding on both sides.
'The man who puts his property in bond does u
with a perfect understanding that he may take
every dollar of it out of bond and reship it. out of
the country. The contract is simply this: he
binds himself to pay that duty or any otherduty
that may be placed upon the property by the
Government when he sees fit to withdraw it from
the Government warehouse.
It may be that this increase of fifty per cent,
will lead to a very large withdrawal from ware-
houses and reshipment. I hope that that will be
.the result. I would rather collect $50,000,000
from an importation of $100,000,000 than to col-
lect it fiom an importation of $200,000,000. I
hope it will lead to the reshipmoiit of these poods
instead of the shipment of gold, thatisgoing on,
as I said before, at the rate of four or five or six
millions a week. I think perhaps that might be
the effect of it. I hope and trust it will be the
effect of it.
Sir, I hope that this joint resolution will pass
precisely as it came to us from the House of Rep-
resentatives. I believe it to bean eminently just
and- proper war tax. Woman sends his property
"to the United States without knowing that we aie
in a state of war, and in a time of war we are lia-
ble to call not only for our ordinary resources but
for extraordinary resources. Every one knows
that; and why not let the foreigner who is avail-
ing himself of the high prices in this country pay
his fair proportion of the burdens? For my own
part 1 wish thai we could keep the money in the
country in order to enable us to tax it miner than
to send it out of the country to pay for what we'
do not want.
Mr. GRIMES. Mo not propose to enter into
the discussion of this question; but I want to re-
mind the Senate that tins proposition applies to
the shears of the fwrmois' plows in my coun-
try. It applies to iron. It covers all the ai tides
enumerated in the tariff list. It is not goino- to
operate paiticulaily to the disadvantage "of c7>m-
-mercial men m the eastern cities, but in fact the
whole amount of this additional tariff is to come
off the consumer in the agricultural districts of
the country.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, informer
yours a proposition of such magnitude as this
would occupy tin- attention of the Senate of the
United States for weeks befote its passage would
-be thought of. It is a proposition which in its
^direfct effects must throw into the pockets of the
manufacturing men of the country millions of
profits, while it takes from the resources of the
agricultural portion of the country a correspond-
ing amount.
It is proposed here by a very short resolution
to increase the tariff fifty per cent. The Com-
mittee on Finance have proposed to reduce that
to thirty-three and a third per cent. I shall vote
for the proposed amendment; but I do not intend
to vote for the resolution, even if it shall be so
amended. I think that the adjustment of the
taiiff, inasmuch as it so materially affects the
different interests of the country, ought to be
very thoroughly considered before it is brought
before the Senate.
This is not proposed as a permanent law. It
is not proposed as a system. Upon its face it
does not claim to have received the mature con-
sideration of the House of Representatives or of
the Committee on Finance of the Senate; it is a
temporary expedient, but a very crushing one in
its effects upon the men who have to buy under
the opeiation of this law. I represent such an
interest. We do not manufacture in Indiana.
We are dependent upon importations and the
manufacturers of New England and Pennsylva-
nia and New York for what we require; and cer-
tainly before such a change is made, so greatly
affecting our interests, very mature consideration
ought to be given to the proposition. 1 am not
prepared now to discuss it; and if I had time to
discuss it I do not suppose it is important that
it should be discussed. We generally have our
views on the subject of the tariff made up.
I intended simply to say that I am astonished
that so important a measure as this should be
brought from the Committee on Finance and this
proposed amendment thrown before the body,
and immediately the passage of the measure
should be asked. If'the.tariff ought to be in-
creased, increase it; if it ought to be decreased,
decrease it; but let us know what change is to be
made uport the different articles, if a uniform
increase of fifty per cent, or thirty-three and a
third per cent, is to become permanent, let the
committee say so in a bill, which, upon its face
and in its terms, is not to be temporary. The com-
mittee say that this measure is not to be perma-
nent; that they have not considered it with that
caie that they would a permanent measure; and
that this is to be atemporaiy thing for sixty days
only.
i am not able to tell from the argument, what is
the purpose of the measure. Some Senators in-
timate that it is to be a prohibitory law; that its
purpose is to prevent impoitation and to prevent
the exportation of gold. Then it is not a revenue
measure; it js the opposite. On the other hand,
is it a revenue measure? is the Committee on
Finance prepared to show to us thai it is a reve-
nue measure instead of a prohibitory measure ?
Certainly the Senate ought to be very fully ad-
vised of the full effect of this resolution before it
is passed.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I am in favor
generally—I am now in favor—of a strong ami
vigorous taiiff. I feel as strongly as any person
can well do the necessity of preventing the large
importation of goods and the flowing of gold fiom
the country; but at the same time I feel the ne-
cessity of so adjusting our legislation and the
measures that come before Congress that we shall
do no mischief to the business of the country.
The amendment of the Committee on Finance
is to reduce the increased duty from fifty percent,
to thirty-three and a third per cent. They pro-
pose that amendment for this reason: they be-
lieve that when the taiifi hill comes to be finally
adjusted by the House of Representatives, a duty
of fifty per cent, will be a greater increase than
will be upon an aveiage laid upon articles that aie
to be imported. In my judgment, it is better, as
was said by the Senator from Maine, to jix your
duty, if you cannot hit the exact place, a iittle
beiow than above what will be the taiiff. it is
better to go up step after step than to go up at
onc>i and afterwards jump down; because if goods
are imported under (his joint resolution layingan
additional duty of fifty per cent., their price will
be enhanced so much, and then if you fix your
dutv afterwards lower, and the goods have not
been sold, they svjII come in competition with the
goods afterwards imported, and the importer must
lose. Now, it will be better, and such was the
governing view of the Committee on Finance,
while they agreed that there should be* a strong
tariff, to fix it so gradually and so adjust it to the
business of the country that it shall work nobody
any harm if we can help it.
Upon the best information the committee could
get, and they made careful inquiry of the men
who knew most about the tariff, they concluded
that the House of Representatives had fixed the
point a little too high. Senators will bear in
mind that this is a resolution passed in haste. It
is not a well matured, considered resolution. It
does not propose to be permanent legislation of
the country,„but it proposes only to check im-
portations while Congress can fix the permanent
legislation of the country.
. I desire, with the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Grimes,] to get revenue. Revenue we must have;
but there are two things a little inconsistent here.
In the first place you must check importations,
so that the gold shall not go out of the country,
and yet you must have the goods come in, so that
you can get the revenue.
Mr. COLLAMER. In gold.
Mr. CLARK. And get it in gold, says the
Senator from Vermont. Thcreisa pointin duties
beyond which you cannot go.* Undoubtedly, if
you raise them too high you can prohibit im-
portation , but you will not get revenue if yoq do.
The point is to reach exactly the proper mean,
if you can, where you may prevent excessive im-
portation and still derive a revenue. It is a diffi-
cult problem, but that is what the Committee on
Finance are striving at. I submit to the Senate
whether it is not better to fix it a little below the
point, if you cannot hit it exactly, rather than to
go above it. The judgment of many of the best
informed men of the country is that fifty per cent,
is too high; the Committee on Finance think it
is to high; but if it should turn out to be not quite
high enough, in a very few days we shall get a
well adjusted tariff bill, and then we can raise it.
Mr. WILSON. That ought to be now.
Mr. CLARK. It is said by the Senator from
Massachusetts that that ought to be now, and I
agree with him it ought to be now; but it is not
now, and no word of his or mine can make it now.
Mr. CHANDLER. Voting ,high duties on
this resolution will make it.
Mr. CLARK. I do not understand thatvoting
high on this resolution will make a well con-
sidered tariff. Nobody pretends that it is well
considered. It is a temporary measure; a meas-
ure in haste.
Mr. JOHNSON. It says so on its face.
Mr. CLARK. Its friends say so, and the res-
olution itself says so, because it is only for sixty
days. A short bill to-operate for a short time
might be brought m and still be well considered;
but this was not well considered. The House of
Representatives did not pretend to give it much at-
tention; but the idea was to pass a measure which
should prevent excessive importations while they
were maturing a proper tariff bill. I submit that
tt is better to adjust the revenues in this way than
it would be to inflict an injury upon the business
of the country.
But, Mr. Piesident, it is said we must have
money; we must have revenue. So we must; but
if you kill the business of the country where are
you going to get the revenue? You can tax prop-
erty on hand; but one of the best indications in
this country in my judgment is, that the busi-
ness of the country has been prosperous, and has
enabled you to bear the burdens that were upon
you. If your business had not been prosperous
you could not have sustained yourselves so far.
Then let us not destroy, let us not injure, the
business of the country.
I wish to suggest another consideration to Sen-
ators. Vyiule we are laying these taxes, and while
they are falling heavily on the people, as they
will, and while we desire to lay heavy taxes, it
becomes only of more importance that we ad-
just those taxes so that they shall bear as equally
as possible and not destroy any business or in-
terest. We have got heavy burdens to carry; we
are all willing to carry heavy burdens; but lotus
make those burdens sit as lightly as we can, and
well adjust the saddle on which the burden is to
ride.
Let me say a word on the other point in regard
to taxing goods in bonded warehouses. Money
you must have, and it is said if you tax these
goods in the bonded warehouses this fifty per cent.
