2898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
exist; whether a State may not hy forfeiture loss
its rights as a State; or whether, when the loyal
government is overthrown, a State does not lapse
into the condition of territory under congres-
sional jurisdiction, to be treated like other na-
tional territory. - AH these questions I putaside.
I choose to present the case of Arkansas on facts
which nobody can call in question.
It is enough that the loyal authorities were
.overthrown,and that there were no functionaries
holding ofUcc under the State government who
were bound by oath to support the Constitution
of th.e United States; and- .since a State govern-
ment is necessarily composed of such functiona-
. ries, thus bound by oath, there was no State gov-
ernment which we could recognize. Sir, does any
Senator recognize the r 4.el governor of Arkansas?
Does any Senator recognize the other rebel func-
tionaries-who held the'Offices of the State? Of
course not. It follows, then, that the offices were
empty. And thi-s was the practical conclusion of
Andrew Johnson when he began to reorganize
Tennessee by an address as early as 18ih Murch,
18C2. flere ate his words:
" X find most, if not a!!, of the offices, both State and Fed-
eral, vacated^ cither by actual abandonment o  by the ac-
tion of tho incumbents in attempting to subordinate then
functions to a power in hostility to llio fundamental law of
tile State and subveisive of her national allegiance."
. But if the offices were vacated, the machine of
government.could not work. And now the prac-
tical question is, how thin machine shall be again
put in motion. Obviously, not by any power within;
but by some power without.
But it jnay he said that the new State organi-
zation in Arkansas is authorized by the Presi-
dent's proclamation of amnesty, and that the
claimant's case stands good according to the
promises of this exceptional paper. A glanee is
enough to dispel this pretension. True it is that
the President put forward a plan for reorganizing
loyal State governments in the rebel territory,and
he proffered a guarantee to these communities
against domestic violence andrebel invasion; but
lie neither proposed nor promised any lepiesenta-
iion in Congress or in the electoral college. Nor
would sucha proposition or promise by him have
possessed the slightest validity; because, by the
Constitution, "each House is to be the judge of
the elections, returns, and qualifications of its own
members." This provision is inconsistent with
any prerogative of the President over this ques-
tion, even if this prerogative were not controlled
by that other provision which reserves to Con-
gress the power to admit " new States into this
Union."
The pioclamation-declared that whenever in
any of i h<> .States of Arkansas, Texas, Louisiana,
Mississippi, Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia, Floi-
ida, South Cuiolinn, and North Carolina,a num-
bet of pcisons not less than one tenth in number
of the voles cast in such State at tho presidential
election of I860, each having taken the particular
oath prescribed by that proclamation and not hav-
ing violated it, und being a qualified voter by the
election law of the State exisungimmediately be-
fore its secession, and excluding all others, should
reestablish a State government which should be
republican and in nowise contravening the proc-
lamation oath, it should be rccogmzedas the true
government of the State, which should receive
thereunder the benefits of the constitutional pro-
vision which declares that " the United States
shall guaranty to every State in this Union a re-
publican form of government," &c. But subse-
quently in the same paper the President declares
" that whether members sent to Congress from
any State shall be admitted to seats constitution-
ally rests exclusively with the respective Houses
and not to any extent with the Executive."
Nothing is saul in this paperon the participation
of such reorganized State in the approaching pres-
idential election, and the question seems to have
been left open lor the judgment of Congiess, to
which-it obviously belongs, to be settled by joint
action.
It is plain, therefore, that the reorganization
contemplated by the President was in Us natuie
provisional. U was not complete or permanent
m itself, but evidently looked to the action of the
legislative power to determine representation,
whether in Congiess or in the electoral college.
Loyal governments might be established in the
manner indicated for the conservation of local
order, and these would be recognized and upheld
provisionally by the military power. Considered
from this point of view, and in the absence of
congressional action on the subject, the Presi-
dent's plan of reconstruction was proper if not
necessary, and very little obnoxious to the ob-
jections sometimes brought against it. A hand-
ful of persons keeping their loyalty might justly
look to the military power for support against a
hostile majority. Such a handful might be al-
lowed to set up a local government for the man-
agement of their local affairs, and to assist the
national Government in the work of restoration.
All this was natural. But the limitation was clear.
Admitting that it was right to authorize the es-
tablishment of local government for the benefit
of a handful of loyal persons in a rebel State, it
does not by any means follow that such local
government can be entitled to representation in
the national Government as a loyal unit, on an
equality with the loyal States of theUnion. The
two questions are entirely different, and the lat-
ter was wisely left untouched by the proclama-
tion.
Besides, the power of the President to institute
this Government is only as Commander-in-Chief
of the Army. It is therefore military in its char-
acter. But what proceeds from this power is,
from the nature of the case, provisional or tempo-
rary until it has received the sanction of Congress.
To a certain extent, and from the necessity of the
hour, military governments may be constituted
by the President; but permanent civil governments
with 
Mr. COLLAMER. To last beyond the war.
Mr. SUMNER. As the Senator from Ver-
mont happily suggests, to last beyond the war,
with a right of representation in Congress and in
the electoral colleges cannot be constituted by the
President. Such a power would be open to infi-
nite abuse, and in the hands of an ambitious Pres-
ident might be employed for selfish purposes.
The national safety, in harmony with republican
principles, requires that it should be exercised by
Congress, which musttake the lead in calling the
new government into being.
Against these conclusions there can be no ar-
gument founded on principle. But it may be said
that the admission of Senators from Virginia con-
stitutes a precedent applicable to the present case.
This is a mistake. The Virginiacase is a prece-
dent for nothing, unless it be to make us more
careful for the future. It arose at the beginning
of the troubles, before the relations of the rebel
States had become fixed by pertinacious war, and
it was little considered at.the time. But beyond
all it had this peculiarity, that a large section, geo-
graphically, of Virginia had in point of fact de-
clined to recognize the pretension of secession,
and had promptly constituted a loyal government
without military intervention, so that practically
it had never been a part of the rebel government.
The circumstances were so exceptional that this
case cannot be cited to Ueterjnine our conduct
toward a State which in all its parts, throughout
its whole juiisdiction, accepted the pretension of
accession tind maintained it by arms. Such a
State is beyond all question a rebel State, with no
title to a place in Congress or in the electoral col-
lege until read mission to its ancient rights by a
vote of both Houses of Congress.
Surely the readmission of a rebel State to rep-
resentation is not less important than its original
admission into the Union. And when it is con-
sidered that what is done for one such State will
be a precedent for all, its importance is multiplied
by the number of lebel States; and this again is
augmented infinitely by the disturbed condition
of affairs, and the supreme duty to takcevery pre-
caution for the restoration of permanenttranquil-
iity. It will not be enough if we comply with
certain forms or constitute a State only in name.
Much more must bo done, and all this must be
placed under fixed and irreversible guarantees.
Vain will be Victory on the battle-field if these
guarantees are not obtained. It is to make these
possible that our armies are now engaged in the
deadly shock. It is m order that the future at
least may be secure, that the present isgiven over
to blood and slaughter—to graves and epitaphs.
And here is the difference between your respons-
ibilities and those of the soldier. The latter sees
only the present, but you must see the future
also. The soldier meets his enemy face to face.
The statesman, by wise precautions, provides that
the enemy, once conquered, shall never rise again.
Vain is the work of the soldier if it be not con-
summated and crowned by the wisdom of the
statesman.
For years slavery has been claiming its guaran-
tees in States andTerntories, and these Chambers
have echoed to the hoarse, inhuman cry. At last
another voice has begun to prevail, sounding from
basement to cupola, filling chamber and dome
with another echo; it is the voice of Freedom
claiming guarantees.1 But in the absence of any
constitutional prohibition of slavery it is evident
that ihese guarantees can be obtained only under
the sanction of Congress acting in its legislative
capacity. And here we are brought again to the
question of representation; for it is clear that rep-
resentation cannot be conceded until the guarantees
for freedom have been secured. Therefore, repre-
sentation can be obtained only under the sanction
of Congress in its legislative capacity.
That Congress in its legislative capacity must
determine this question is sustained by the neces-
sity of the case; by reason; by authority; and
by the President's proclamation itself.
1. I have already shown that guarantees for
freedom are a condition precedent to representa-
tion, so that by the necessity of the case the
latter must be determined by the joint action of
both Houses of Congress. Such'is one form in
which this necessity appears. But there is another.
Congress must have jurisdiction over every por-
tion of the United States where there is no other
government; but there can be no other government
in the rebel States, so that the words of Chief Jus-
tice Marshall are as applicable to a State without
a loyal State government as they were originally
to a Territory:
" Perhaps the power of governing a Territory belonging
to the United States, wiuch has not by becoming a State
acquired the means of self government) may result neoes-
sauiy from the facts that# is not within the jurisdiction oj
any particular Stats and is within the power and juris-
diction 0/ tiie united states.''—Jimej itan Insui ance
Company vs. Carter) i Peters, 53*2.
The three things which are here affirmed of a
Territory may all be affirmed of a rebel State.
First. It has not the means of self-government.
Secondly. It is not within the jurisdiction of
any particular State.
Thirdly. It is within the powerand jurisdiction
of the United States.
From these again the necessity of congressional
jurisdiction ensues.
2. It would be unreasonable, if not absurd, for
each Chamber to determine the question of repre-
sentation for itself. Suppose, for instance, that
the Senate admit claimants from Arkansas and
the House reject them. Then we should witness
the anomaly of a State admitted to one Chamber
and excluded from the other. This would be a
case o(semi-admission into the Union. Part would
be in and part out. The Senators and Representa-
tives of the same State would be compelled to sep-
arate, as m Grecian mythology, when one of the
inseparable twins, Castor and Pollux, was trans-
lated to Olympus and the other was left upon earth.
Surely the Constitution does not contemplate the
repetition of any such fable. Arkansas must stay
away until she can be received in both Houses and
can be recognized as a unit and not as a fraction;
but no power short of Congress can assure this
equal reception in both Houses.
3. Authority isin harmony with reason. This
question seems to have been anticipated by the
opinion of the Supreme Court of the United States
as pronounced by Chief Justice Tcincy in the
ease of Luther vs. Borden, (7 Howard's Reports,
42.) Here are the words:
"The fourth section of the fointii articlc of the Consti-
tution of the United States provides that the United States
shall guaranty to every State in the Union a lepubJican
form ot government,and>hall piotcet each of them against
invasion, and, on the application of the L* gt>latuic, or of
the Executive (when the Legislature cannot be convened)
agam&t domestic violence.
'•Under this articlc of the Constitution it rests with Con-
giess to dccidc what government i? the established one in a
State. For as the United States guaranty to cach State a
republican government, Congress must necessarily dccide
what government is established in the State before it can de-
termine whether it is republican or not. And when the Sen-
ators and Representatives of a State aie admitted into the
councils of the Union, the authority of the government
under winch they are appointed, as well a-; its lepuhlican
eharactei, is recognized by the pioper constitutional author-
ity. And its decision is binding on eveiy oilier depart-
ment of the Government, and could not lie (piebtioncd m
a judicial tribunal."
