1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
192$
additional, you will get so much more money. It
may be that you will, if they are not reshipped.
But, says the Senator from Michigan, I want
them reshipped. But, sir, you want revenue;
and if they reship them you do not get any reve-
nue. How can you get revenue out of the goods,
and at the same time tax them so high as to carry
them out of the country without paying the rev-
enue?
But, sir, that is not the great difficulty with
me. This is the point in regard to it: you said
to these importers when they imported those
goods and brought them to your shores, "There
is your choice; pay the duty now, or put the goods
into the warehouses and pay the duty when it is
convenient for you to do so." That system was
established to aid the business of the country, so
that the merchant might import his goods, put
them into the bonded warehouses, and keep them
there until he wanted to put them into the con-
sumption of the country and could find a market
for them,, and then he was to pay the duties.
You made him that offer. Instead of paying the
duties he says, u I will put them in the bonded
warehouse." He puts them in the bonded ware- !
house, relying on the faith of the Government, j
The Government, it is true, has not bound itself ]
that it will not increase the duties on them. It !
has the power and perhaps the right to inctoase j
them; but the question is, whether it would be j
good policy for the Governments do it. Would j
not these people whom you propose to tax, and j
who have got to bear the burdens of this country, I
feel that the Government had made it a little un-
necessary haid for them.
Now, I want to say to Senators that one of the
most impoi tant things in this struggle is that this
Government keep cxact faith with everybody with
whom it deal*, and instead of being in any way
oppressive, that it should, so far as it can, con-
sistent with its own safety in maintaining itself,
have a regard to the rights of all classes of the
people. I agree entirely that the wants of the
Government must be fust provided for. This
Government must be maintained, or we and its
business interests are all gone together. But stiil,
sir, if we can, in maintaining the Government,
we should have a regard for the business in ter-
ests of the people. We have not by any means
come to that point when we cannot regard them.
Theicfore I am for following the policy of the
Government, which has always been followed
ever since the waiehousing system was estab-
lished, of exempting these goods, giving notice
that we will not tax them in that way. But,
says the Senator from Wisconsin, the same rea-
sons apply for taxingguodson shipboaid, water-
borne. Not exactly, in my judgment. In the
first place, we gave notice two years ago that that
was to he abandoned and changed.
Mr. HOWE. Who gave notice?
Mr. CLARK. Congress. Here is a new ele-
ment. The goods have notonly been borne over
the water, but landed on yourshoies; they have
gone into your Government warehouses; they
have been bonded under the expectation that they
would pay the same duties that they might have
paid, when they put them into the warehouses.
1 submit that this* is a harder case than the other
would have been.
I submit to Senators whether it is not better to
follow the Committee on Finance m this matter
and exempt the bonded warehouse goods if this
resolution would apply to them. The House of
Representatives thought it would not; the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and the men who are to
execute the law say that it will. It is at any
rat" ambiguous. The Committee on Finance do
not mean to leave it ambiguous. They propose
to say that it shall not apply; and then leave the
House of Representatives to adjust a tariff, if they
can, which shall meet the wants of the Govern-
ment and tlits convenience of the people.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to call the at-
tention of the Senator to one fact that perhaps
did not occur to him. If this additional duty of
fifty per cent, bo lev it d on the goods in the bond-
ed warehouse, that kind of goods m the market
will advance that much at once, and it is no more
an object for a man to pay his fifty per enrrt., be-
cause the goods will advance m the market in the
same ratio, than it would to pay twenty-five per
cent., or any other amount of duty.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator permit me
right there ? The fact did not escape my knowl-
edge or my observation.
Mr, POMEROY. You did not allude to it.
Mr. CLARK. I did not allude to it here, and
I am obliged to the Senator for calling my atten-
tion to it. It may be true that the price of the
goods will be generally advanced fifty per cent.;
but a great many of the people who hold those
goods in the warehouse have contracted to deliver
them for the rate at which they are held, and you
are going to work injustice to that class.
Mr. POMEROY. Whatever may be the rate
of increased duty that objection will hold good.
If you increase the duty thirty-three per cent,
you compel the man who made the contract to
bear a loss of thirty-three per cent, in such a case.
Mr. CLARK. But we do not tax the goods in
bonded watehouses at all. The committee pro-
pose to exempt them.
Mr. POMEROY. No matter whether they are
in bonded warehouse or not, if the party has
contracted to deliver them at a certain price you
injure him in the same way.
"Mr. CLARK. But that contract was made
under the policy of the Government which was
adopted two years ago.
Mr. POMEROY. The difference between
thirty-three and fifty per cent, does not affect the
case at all.
Mr. CLARK. Not so far as the bonded ware-
house goods are concerned, because we propose
to exempt them entirely irom this additionaltfuty.
i was not arguing that point upon the bonded
warehouse goods.
- Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to reply to one or two
it-marks made by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. As a matter of justice we know that ibe
ordinary effect of levying a duty on an article is
to mcwaso the price of that article corresponding
to the duty. The question is, shall the importer
get the benefit of the increased price, or shall the
Governmentgct the benefitofthis increased price?
That is just the case. I say the Government
ought to get the benefit of the increased prict*, be-
cause the mcieased price is added by the Govern-
ment.
The Senator from New Hampshire—I do not
think exactly fairly and squarely—has made an-
other difficulty. He says, suppose the party has
contracted to sell these goods at the old price.
That argument would apply to any tariff law., It
would apply especially to goods on shipboard;
it would .apply to goods to be imported in the
future; it would apply to all classes of contracts;
and it would prevent you atany time from chang-
ing your tariff laws; because contracts aie made
sometimes considerably in advance of the time of
delivery; and the argument of the Senator would
apply just as well to any tariff law that could be
brought forward. But there is a way of avoiding
the difficulty; and the Senator is aware of it, i
know. It would be very easy to insert in this
measure the usual clause, that where goods aie
sold to be delivered m the future and an additional
duty is put upon them, the purchaser shall pay
the additional duty. That clause was put in the
last tariff law, if I remember correctly, and it
ought to be put in any-  
Kir. FESSENDEN. It was never put in any
tariff law. It was inserted in the internal revenue
law.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was put into the internal
revenue law. The same principle applies here;
that is, as the additional duty adds to the value
of the article, the purchaser should pay that ad-
ditional duty. I think it is well enough to insett
a provision of that kind.
Mr. CLARK. I was arguing on the resolution
as it stands. The Senator knows very well that
these is no such proposition in this resolution.
Mi. SHERMAN. It is very easy to offer that
as un amendment.
Mr. CLARK. Very true; but that would carry
it back to the House of Representatives, where
the Senator does not want it to go.
Mr. SI'l ERM A N. I say there are public rea-
sons which seem to me sufficient why we should
pass this measure in the very words in which it
passed the House of Representatives in order to get
revenue. This is not a matter of small moment.
The dunes now being collected at the port ofNew
York amount tosome where from three to four hun-
dred thousand dollars a clay. The addition made
bv this House resolution would be equivalent to
$150,000 a day in gold. I think the levying of this
additional tax will notoperate unjustly to any class;
but if it does, it will be very easy for us to prd-
vide for those classes in sotoe other bill. But
I think delay ought to be avoided.'' We know
that these goods are being withdrawn every day
and very ra'pidly from the bonded warehoifse§.
They are arriving every d*ay and the duties are
being paid. On<* of the objects of the passage' of
this joint resolution speedily'and quickly waSfo
reach this* large amount of goods and to levy this
increased duty upon them.
•The Senator says that this operates very un-
justly to the importer. The Senator from Michi-
gan has answered that sufficiently by stating that
the importer has the right, if he chooses, to re-
export the goods. These bonded warehouses are
not for the convenience of the Government. It
is not a privilege of the Government to have these
goods stored in a bonded warehouse. It is the
privilege of the importer, intended for his benefit,
intended to encourage trade, to give him one
year's time within which to sell his goods. He
can avail himself of that one year's time just as
well under this proposed increase as under the old
tariff If the rise in the goods is not immediate
he can leave them there until the rise caused by
this increased rate of taxation is complete; or if
he finds that the goods will not bear the increased
rate of taxation he may reexport them, and all he
would lose would be the cost of freight from this
country buck to the place of importation, which
now, as we ail know from the newspapers, is very
small indeed. It seems to me we ought not to
forego this opportunity to raise a considerable
sum of money without doing any great injustice
to anybody. I think all tax laws in their opera-
tion and effect work some greater or less ine-
qualities or injustice.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I do not
propose to say anything in relation to the differ-
ence between an increase of the tariff fifty per
cent, or thirty-three and a third per ccnt., unless
it may be this: that there should be some care
taken, especially after the contract we have made
with our creditors to pay them their interest on
the money we have borrowed of them in gold,
that we do not lay such duties upon importations
as will cut off the importations. It is unneces-
sary to multiply words about that. I cannot illus-
trate it better than by the old saying that that is
just killing the goose that lays the golden egg;
and it is the only gooso we have that does lay it,
[laughter,] and that golden egg we have pledged.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator in that
connection allow me to ask him a question, as I
do not wish to go into a discussion?
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. Would it not be better for
this country now to sell a sufficient amount of
our bonds in the maikets abroad to raise gold
to pay our interest, and stop impouations tem-
porarily? Would that be any great calamity
dining a time of war?
MrT COLLAMER. I do not know how pro-
lific the gentleman may be in his devices of finance,
nor where he gets them from; but 1 thought it
was understood that we were going to get along
in this war independent of the world if wo could.
We have not begged any money of them yet.
They told us pretty early that they would not lend
us any, and we have done ourselves the honor
of saying, " We never asked yon, and it will be
time enough for you to reply when we do ask
you." 1 hope we shall never bo constrained to
go to them to beg for money any way. So much
in answer to the gentleman's question. Now I
return to the subject.
I merely say that caution should be used, as I
think,'in a measure of this kind, for the reason
I have stated, so as not to shutout foreign inn-
pot tations. 1 feel the weight of the plighted faith
of this nation to pay that gold; I hope it will
be redeemed, and 1 do not want to cut off the
means of doing it. Still, i am not very particular
on that point now, because this is but a temporary
measure, and I think would not be very important
in that regard.
Now, Mr. President, what is the occasion of the
House of Representatives sendmgus this measure
at this time? It is this: that House have got al-
most perfected, and in sucii a shape probably as
will secuie its passage by the Senate, an internal
revenue bill, the main provisions of which lay
