1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8T7
years. This does not authorize the issuing of a
single bond except where the money has been
actually lodged in the Treasury. I hope the
amendment will not be agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. The second section of this act
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to issue,
to persons who subscribed on or before the 21st of
July, 1864, for bonds redeemable after five years
and payable twenty years from date, and have
paid into the Treasury the amount of their sub-
scriptions, the bonds by them respectively sub-
scribed for, not to exceed $11,000,000, notwith-
standing such subscription may be in excess of
$500,000,000, and it provides that the bonds so
issued shall have the same force and effect as if
they had been issued under the provisions of the
act to authorize the issue of United States notes,
and for other purposes, approved February 26,
1862. In other words, the section clothes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury with all the powers which
he had under the live-twenty act. 1 do not pro-
pose to change this, but only to provide that the
additional $11,000,000 shall be subtracted from
the $200,000,000 transferred. I think that if the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
will give his attention to the second section of the
act he will find that all the powers which he claims
are given.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot think the amend-
ment judicious. Does the gentleman from New
York desire to offer any other amendment?
Mr. BROOKS. I do not.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was first taken on Mr. Brooks's
amendment to the amendment, and it was re-
jected.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens *s amend-
ment; and it was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
USE 03? THE HALL.
Mr. STEVENS. I have been requested to
offer the following resolution, and I ask unani-
mous consent to do so:
Resolved, That the Hall of the House of Representatives
he appiopiiated fot the use of delegates and friends of the
several Indian tribes, to present their condition by a state-
ment of fact* before the public, on Wednesday evening,
Match 9, 1864.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move to suspend the rules.
The rules were suspended, more than two thirds
voting therefor, and the resolution was introduced,
considered, and agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IRON-CLAP ATTACK ON CHARLESTON.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, asked unanimous
consent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to communicate to fins House the following information :
all bis infractions relative to the attack upon Chaileston,
and all his cories-pondonce with Rear Admnal I)u Pont rela-
tive to that attack previous to the 7th of Apnl, 1863, ami
subsequent thereto, and all other information possessed by
the Department or its bureau- growing: out ot that memor-
able content, and alt the lepoit? of officers and ofhei^rela-
tive to non-clad vessels and then adaptability foj naval
waifaie. Any Older of the Navy Department relative to
withdrawing the iron-el ads to the MHr-i-sippior elM'u here.
Also, the telegraphic order of the President, dat^d 13th
A pi il. J 803. dii ec ting Rear Admiral f)u l'out to remain inside
of the bat at Chui le>ton and pi event the cue my from eu et- '
in« batteries on Morris Hand, and whether thi< oider uas- i
acknowledged and obeyed. Al«o, the telegrnphic oider of j
the President, dated the 14th April, 1SG3, dnectmg Rear j
Admiral Du Pont and General Hunter to take the h.iueues.
on iUoirn and Sullivan islands, and whether said oider w as j
obeyed, or attempted to be obeyed. ANo, the oider of the .
Seeietarvof the Navy, dated 6fh June, 1863. directing Ke.tr |
Admiral Du Pont to eo >peiate with General Gillmore, and i
whether said older was obeyed, and whether General Gill- j
mote complained of a want of competition on the pait of I
Rear Admiral Du Pont. Also, who devised the plan of at-
tack attempted upon Fort Sumter by Rear Admiral Du Pont
on the 7th April, 1653, and whether such plan was commu-
nicated to the Depaitmenr previous to its being mode,and
whethet Rear Admiral Du l'ont asked for more troops pre-
vious to the 7th April, 1863, or prorestcd to the Department
against making said attack; and whether «ny order, pre-
vious to that date, was given to him to attack Fort Sumter,
or in any manner act against his judgment in the operations
befoie Charleston; or whether any suggestions or plans of
that officer or requisitions for more ships were refused or
declined by the Navy Department previous to his attack
upon the defenses of Charleston; and whether the port
of Charleston is absolutely closed to blockade running since
the monitors went inside of the bar.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I hope the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will withdraw that ob-
jection.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot withdraw my ob-
jection. I do not believe these investigations of
the conduct of officers at this time will do any
good. This is not the time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will state that a
resolution has been passed by this House which
only partially brings out the history of these trans-
actions, and which does great injustice to the
Navy Department. I presume the gentleman from
Pennsylvania does not desire to do injustice to
the Department by such a one-sided publication
of facts.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not know that any such
resolution had been passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It has. The gen-
tleman fiom Maryland the other day said he de-
sired all the facts connected with this matter to
come out.
Mr. STEVENS. I was sorry to hear what the
gentleman from Maryland said. I think this
squabbling over the conductof particular officers
is productive only of haim. I would have ob-
jected to the other resolution if I had known it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. 1 ask the gentle-
man from Missouri whether this resolution calls
for all orders relative to Admiral Du Pont?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It does.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. And then speci-
fies certain particular orders?
Mr. BLA1R, of Missouri. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I understand it.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot see that this reso-
lution will do any good.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. A portion of the cor-
respondence on the subject only has been brought
out by the resolution which the House adopted.
The gentleman from Maryland said the other day
that he was anxious to have the whole of this
correspondence. That poi tion ofit which has been
brought out by itself docs great injustice to the
Navy Department. The Navy Department de-
sire to stand upon the whole record, and I hope
there will be no objection to this resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not know of the other
resolution or I would have objected to it, and 1
would rather rescind that now than to pass this.
I of course desire to do'no injustice to the De-
partment, and if injustice has been done by the
resolution we have already passed, it may be that
the passage of this one is pioper.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Justice to the De-
partment requites that both sides shall be pub-
lished, as we have already called out one side.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, I will not object to
this resolution; but I hope it will be the last of
this character.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think it would be much
better to rescind the other resolution.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I suppose there is
baldly a disposition ony where to do great injus-
tice to the Dopjitment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, theie is a time for all
things, and I do not think this is the time for the
introduction of such resolutions. However, I
will not object to the resolution.
There being no objection, the resolution was
received and adopted.
Mr BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The lattei motion was agteed to.
AMENDMENT TO TIIE RULES.
Mr. DUMONT submitted the following res- |
olution:
Resolved. That the select committee to whom was re-
foiled the subject of .standing rules of the Uoiue be, and
they arc hereby, instructed to inquire into the expediency
of providing by a standing rule for an additional standing
committee, to be designated "a Committee on the National
Bank," and of providing that said committee shall have
charge of oil proper matters growing out of the act entitled
" An act to provide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States stocks, and to provide for the circulation
and redemption thereof," and ot all proper matters relating
to the banks organized and to be organized in pursuance
of said act, and that they report by rule or otherwise..
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the res-
olution by adding the following:
And that the committee be also instructed to inqnirelnto
the expediency of amending the 31st rule of this House, by
adding thereto the following:
And if any member, present within the bar of the House
when a vote by yeas and nays is taken, shall neglect or re-
fuse to answer to his name when called, he not having
been previously excused by the House, and that fact shall
be brought to the notice of the Speaker by any member iin -
mediately after the reading of the vote by the Clerk, the
Speaker shall then direct the name of the member not
voting to be called again by the Clerk, and if said member
still declines to answer, the Speaker shall thereupon sub-
mit to the House forits consideration and action asaques-
fion of privilege what order shall be taken in the case of
such recusant member, and no other motion or business
fcliall be entertained until the ca^e is disposed of.
And that the committee report at as early a day-as prac-
ticable by rule or otherwise.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
the amendment is germane to the original reso-
lution. Although both propositions relate to the'
rules of the House, they relate to different sub-
jects, and on the same principle that one bill can-
not be offered as an amendment to another billon
a different subject, the Chair thinks thefiniend-
ment is not in order.
Mr." COX. I raise that question of order.
Mr. DUMONT. I demand thepreviousques-
tion on my resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. DUMONT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIRCULATION OF COUNTERFEIT MONEY.
Mr. DUMCNT introduced a bill to prevent the
selling and circulation of counterfeit coin, of coun-
terfeitand altered Treasury notes,and of postage
currency bills; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE LANDS.
Mr. IiOLMAN introduced a bill to authorize
the State of Indiana to apply certain lands granted
by Congress to the education of orphan children
of soldiers who die during the war; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. IiOLMAN. I desire to have this bill put
on its passage, unless objection be made.
The bill was read. It grants to the State of In-
diana permission to apply the lands to which that
State may be entitled under the act of July 2,
1862, donating public lands to the several States
and Territories which may provide colleges for
the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts,
and the proceeds thereof, to the education of the
orphan children of soldiers and seamen who may
have died or shall hereafter die in consequence of
wounds received or disease contractcd in the ser-
vice of the United States during the present war,
under such limitations and restrictions and in such
manner as the Legislature of that State may pre-
scribe. Also extending the time for the accept-
ance of the benefits of said act one year from the
date of the appioval of this act.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will say that inasmuch as
this bill affects Indiana only, 1 presume unless
some gentleman from that Stale objects to it, it
would not be inappropriate to put it on its pas-
sage without delay. If, however, my colleague,
[Mr. Julian,] the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands, wishes to have the bill referred to
his committee, I will not object to that disposi-
tion of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana whether his State has given any
indication that itdesires these lands to be disposed
of in that manner, or in any different manner from
what ihey have already been appropriated under
the law ?
Mr. HOLMAN. There lias been only a par-
tial session of the Legislature of Indiana since the
passage of the act of 1862, and there has therefoie
