'i&24L
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
.taxes on products of various kinds, mostlymftn-
ijfactured products. Tiiey are about to put such
a law into operation, and they cannot make a tariff
law to apply to imported goodstiil they complete
f" e law taxing the American manufactured goods.
h-ay 'must be shaped to each other. " If you lay
a duty upon American manufactured woolens or
cottons, the manufacturer says at once, " It is not
very material to me how large your duty is, pro-
vided you lay a correspondingduty upon.the im-
ported article; but I cannot pay the tax on the
manufactured goods if when I come to sell them
in tile market I fiml that you have let in tboTor-
Sjgn supply at such a duty that I cannot sell my
goods at what they cost." Of course it fol-
lows that if you lay a tax 011 American manufac-
tured articles you must lay a corresponding duty
on imporfed articles of that character; and in order
to say what that duty shall be upon a foreign ar-
ticle, you must in the first place say how much
you will lay on the American article. When you
fix your internal duty, you shape your tariff to
it; you cannot make them simultaneously 01- con-
temporaneously; you mustfirstestablish the one
to which you adapt the other. In the nature of
things they are dependent on each other for any
success. If die American manufactured article,
Whether an article of woolens or cottons, or any-
thing of that kind, is permitted to go into the
market without any tax on it, the foreign arti-
cle, if you lay a heavy duty on it, will not come
here at all.
I merely make these remarks to show how it
was that the-House of Representatives seift us
this temporary measure. What was the occasion
of it? It was that they are about to complete and
put in operation, we think very soon now, a tax
on internal productions, and they want time to
adapt the duties upon foreign goods to that. They
must have time for it; and they have asked us for
this temporary increase of duty in the mean time.
Why? If you put into operation the law that
they are now forming and have about finished,
and which I trust we shall pass very soon^ when
there are no increased duties laid on foreign im-
portations, you almost utterly luin the American
manufacturer in these forty (lays while they arc
concocting and putting this forward so as to get
it into shape. In thirty or forty days many of the
American manufacturers may be almost ruined
and shut up; therefore the House of Represent-
atives have sent us this resolution to provide for
the intermediate time.
I come now to the question of laying this in-
creased duty 011 the goods in warehouse. We
understand that if a duty is laid on a foreign ar-
ticle it not only raises the price to the consumer
of that article on which the duty is laid, in the
iriaiket, but it raises the price of all articles of
that kind 011 the shelves and in the stores of the
merchants of the city and country. For instance,
suppose ten cents a yard additional duty is now
laid upon a piece of cotton, or a piece of woolen
or flannel, the effect of it is to raise not merely
that flannel which comes in on which duty is
paid, hut immediately every man who has flan-
nels to sell all through the cities puts on ten cents
a yard, and raises the price of all that kind of arti-
cle in the market. But that is not all; it raises
the piice precisely the same upon every Ameri-
can manufactured piece of flannel. Inasmuch as
the foreign article competing with his all the time
is made to pay an additional duty of ten cents on
that quality ot flannel a yard, the manufacturer
here puts 011 the American manufactured flannel
of that quality an increased price of ten cents a
yard. That is a matter of course; the trade all
understand that well enough; and I do not know
hut that they are wiser in their generation than
the children of light here. Who pays that addi-
tional piiee? The consumers, the purchasers. I I
am not now saying that they always pay siil of '
it, because I know of competition and its effects;
but that is b'lt a mere disturbing cause and at
tlm'-s hardly appreciable.
Thrre is another point. When we lay our
taxes on American manufactured articles, what
do we do? i ask gentlemen to think a moment.
Look o\er that tax bill; does it contemplate that
the increased tuxes upon the American manufac-
tured articles are to apply to those on hand? If
you want to taise so much tax, and think you can
do it in good faith by nutting itupon that which is
already made, why ahould you not put it upon
"that already imported, and vice versa? if you lay
your duty upon thataheady imported, should you
not lay the corresponding tax upon that which is
manufactured already? It will rise in the market.
We had here a sister demand this session, which
occasioned very much debate in the two Houses,
about a whisky tax. I do not propose to repeat
it, but that was the topic. What was the diffi-
culty there? It was proposed in laying a new
tax on manufactured whisky, spirits, that you
should at the same time lay itupon spirits already
made. That was repudiated in both branches
after full debate, bccause people had manufac-
tured the article under a different law and on the
faith of that law, and to undertake to lay an in-
creased tax on the article on hand would lay the
foundation for taxing all other sorts of property
after it had been manufactured and was on hand.
If that is so, why should you undertake to tax
the goods that have been brought in under the
existing law, for the purpose of raising a revenue,
when you thereby raise the price of those goods
and of all the other goods in the market of that
character for your people to pay? The people
will pay more on the other goods that are raised
up and on the American manufactured goods*,
they will pay this tax that we get here four or
five times over.
Mr. JOHNSON. Four or five times in the ag-
gregate you mean, in amount.
Mr. COLLAMER. I say they will in the ag-
gregate. While you only get your duties on what
goods you have in warehouse, by this snatching,
you raise to .the people, the consumers, that same
price upon all the goods there are in the market,
foreign and domestic. That is the effect of it.
They pay on all those goods, and you get the
duty on this little piece in warehouse. I cannot
see the justice or the shrewd Yankeeism of the
trade. Recollect we are trading with the people;
we represent the people; and this money is going
to come out of the people. i\To one supposes the
importer is going to pay it and lose it; and you
cannot possibly get it out of him and have him
put it on the imported goods without having the
same price puton all the other goods of that kind
in the country. The system \vc have heretofore
pursued not only m relation to importations, but
in relation to our internal duties, our taxes on
our manufactures, is that we will tax these goods
hereafter manufactured and broughtinto market,
not those on hand; and this is an attempt to take
advantage of those men who have imported some
goods and get a tax upon those on hand, and
obhge the people to pay it on everything else of
that kind.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I believe it
has been held that the words used in this resolu-
tion would embrace goods in bond; but unless it
has been judicially settled that such would be the
meaning of the phraseology of the resolution, {
should doubt very much whether it would cover
goods on hand; and I am by no means sure that
the House of Representatives intended to embrace
goods on hand. The language of the resolution
is " that fifty per cent, of the rates of duties and
imposts now imposed bylawonall goods, wares,
merchandise, and ai tides imported, shall be added
to the present duties and imposts now charged on
the importation of such articles." I rather think
that the true interpretation of the clause, if the ques-
tion was an original one, would be that it could
apply only to articles hereafter imported. Butif
it should be construed as applicable to all goods |
imported, then it might follow that it would cover
all goods imported, no matter where they were,
whether they were in bonded warehouses or in the j
stores of the merchants ready for sale. I believe
it has been held that goods are not considered as
imported until the duties are paid, and that ex-
ecuting a bond for the payment of duties is not
considered as a payment of duties so as to make
the goods "imported goods" within the meaning
of such a clause. Supposing that to be the correct
interpretation,it appears to me to be all-important
to the good name of the country, to the preserva-
tion of its faith, that goods on hand anywhere
should not be taxed.
The honorable member from Michigan is under
the impression that when goods are bonded, the
contract between the Government and the im-
porter is that the importer will pay whatever du-
ties the Government imposes or shall have imposed
at the time he tak^s the goods out for sole. The
honorable member is under a misapprehension.
That is not the contract and it could not well be
the contract. The form of the bond is given by
the act which authorizes the bonding of goods,
and clearly excludes the importer from any obli-
gation to pay more than the rate of duty to which
the goods are liable at the time they are bonded.
The language of ttfe bond is—
"Whereas the following goods, wares, and merchan-
dise"—
And then they are described—
"imported into the district of" , "are now in-
tended to he exported and conveyed," &c., " to tile district
of , andwnereas the duties that would have become
due on the said good*, wares, mid merchandise, had the
same been unladen, would have amounted to the afoiesaid
sum of :
" Now, therefore, the condition of this obligation is such
that if the above bouudpn shall and do within six
mouths from the date hereof produce to the collector of
this district the certificates required by-law that the said
enumerated packages,'* See., u havo been duly euteied and
dehveied at the aforesaid district of ■■ or any other poit
or district of the United States, then the above obligation
tube void, otherwise to be and leuiain in tullfoice and vir-
tue."
So that the true meaning of the bond is that the
party becomes responsible only, if he takes his
goods out, for the amount of the duty existing at
the time; and if he does not take them out but ex-
ports them at the port where they are laden to some
other port, he gets clear of that specific amount;
and it appears to me to be obvious, looking to the
form of the bond, that there is a contract between
the importer and the Government that the im-
porter is to be responsible only if he takes his
goods out of bond for the amount of duty imposed
at the time they go into bond, and that he is only
discharged, if he does not take them out of bond
but exports them, from the obligation to pay that
amount of duty and no other.
Now, Mr. President, it is of course all-import-
ant that we should raise the money to carry us
through this war, and through, the difficulties
whmh the war has created; but it is equally im-
portant that we should keep good faith; and if
the Government by its legislation as it now ex-
ists has entered into a contract between itself and
the importer, that the importer is only to be liable
for a certain specific amount of duty upon the
goods already in the country, though in bond,
then it is of course vital to the good faith of the
Government that that contract should not be
abused. And I believe I am right in saying that
a tax law like this never was before passed by the
Congtess of the United States. On the contrary,
until the passage of the act of 1862, to which the
chairman of the Committee on Finance referred,
goods on shipboard on their transit from the place
of purchase to the United States were always
excepted from the operation of the additional
tariff; and in the act to which the honorable mem-
ber adverted, and which he supposes changed,
and in some respects perhaps it did change, the
anterior policy of the Government, it will be
seen—I speak from recollection, and he will cor-
rect me if I am wrong—that it was not to go into
operation until some sixty or ninety days aftet
the introduction of the bill; that is to say, it waft
only to apply to goods imported into the country
some twenty or thiity or sixty days after the
passage of that act, or on some specific day; 1
forget particularly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The act itself was not to
go into operation for some thirty or forty day .
Mr. JOHNSON. That is it. Now, although
in one respect that act might operate upon good*
on their transit, because they might not get hero
by the period when the act was to go into opez«
ation, and in that respect change the antecedent
policy of the country, yet a Jaige portion of the
goods which were then on their way and con-
tracted for by the merchant abroad reached the
United States before the day when the act was to
go into operation, and of coursp were liable only
for the duties existing antecedently to the oper-
ation of the act.
Mr. President, the people of the United States
individually, besides the amount which they are
to pay indirectly by these imports, will be called
upon to pay, and they are now being called upon
to pay, very heavy taxes, not only taxes imposed
by the Government of the United States, but taxes
imposed by the Slates. The indirect cilectof the
war aheady, the enlargement of the currency, the
large amount of currency issued by the Govern-
ment made to be a legal tender by Congress—
