1864*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
Not the Senate of the United States; not the
House of Representatives. The President has al-
ready decided it in advance; tlie honorable mem-
ber fiom Massachusetts has decided it in advance,
provided ho has voted to confirm the nominations
which have been made in some of these States.
Thev ate in the Union now; and if they are in
the Union now, under the President's proclama-
tion, although they were out of It or might have
been out of it before, they have a right to choose
electors. If the reelection of Mr. Lincoln or the
election of any competitor of Mr. Lincoln shall
be found to depend upon the legality of those
votes,God knows what may not be the result.
Let me assume that Mr. Lincoln receives them.
What will his competitor, who, ! assume, has a
majority of all the other votes except these, say?
He will hold up the speech of the honorable mem-
ber from Massachusetts," Here one of your lead-
ers versed in constitutional law, devoted to your
policy, has pronounced on the floorof the Senate,
with undoubted confidence, that they have no
.right to be heard in the electoral college, and
therefore their votes, if cast, are to be considered
a nullity." The issue will be a frightful one.
God forbid that the contingency should happen;
but if it shall happen, look to hear the earth trem-
ble again. It is more especially calculated to ex-
cite the public heart and arouse the public blood
when we knowthatit has been asserted,and con-
tinues to be asserted from time to time, that the
very purpose of bringing back those States, ille-
gally,as the honorable member from Massachu-
setts insists, is .with a view to the piesidential
election. I^do not believe it. I am not here to
criminate the President of the United States, nor
to assail his motives. As at present advised, I
think he has erred, as 1 think he hns erred in a
great many other things; but my individual be-
lief or the individual belief of anybody else is a
matter of little or no moment. Sifould the result
of the election depend upon the legality of those
votes, and those votes should alone give it to him,
then I think I can almost hear by anticipation
the mutterings of the thunder.
Mr. SUMNER. May 1 interrupttheSenator?
, Mr. JOHNSON. With pleasure.
Mr. SUMNER. Then theSenator must agree
with me in the importance of settling this ques-
tion in advance.
Mr. JOHNSON", i admit that.
Mr. SUMNER. TheSenatoragrees with me.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly. I do not say
that [agree with you in opinion. 1 say it is ne-
cessary to settle it in advance.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senatoragrees with me
as to the importance of settling it in advance.
Mr. JOHNSON. Of course I do; butsupposeit
is settled against your view and mine, what then ?
Mr. SUMNER. Do 1 understand the Senator
to say they are entitled to electoral votes?
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir; I have said almost
directly the reverse. I have forborne, as the
Chair will recollect, and as perhaps some of the
Senators who have heard me will recollect, to ex-
press any decision of the question. I unite with
the honorable member 
Mr. SUMNER. I am at a loss to see where
the difference is between the Senator and myself.
The Senator thinks they are entitled to electoral
votes. For instance, take the case of Tennessee
or of Arkansas. If citherof those States isaState
of this Union completely constituted, in the exer-
cise of all the rights and functions of a State, of
course it will be entitled to cast its electoral vote.
It seems to me that that is a crucial question
which determines the case. If the Senator says
that those States are not entitled to cast an elec-
toral vote, it must be for some reason. What is
it? Because they have not that position in the
Union which can so emitlea State; because their
position is anomalous; because they are not yet
completely on their legs, if I may so say, as a
State; or, borrowing the language of the Presi-
dent, because the State government must be re-
established; or, again borrowing the language of
the President, must be revived; or, again bor-
rowing his language, must be set up. It seems
fo me that is the only reason which can sustain
the Senator, and.therefore the Senator and my-
self do not differ.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am always happy to agree
with the honotablemember from Massachusetts,
and during the whole of this eess-ien I have upon
every occasion which presented itself made a
very honest, effort to come to that result, but have
very seldom succeeded. The difference between
the honorable member and myself is as wide
as the poles, I consider the war now being
parried on against the citizens of those States as
being carried on against them individually; that
each man is just as much a citizen of the United
States in those States now as is each man in the
loyal States; but as those men for the most part
are now in arms against the United States, trying
to destroy the United States, they are not to be
represented in the electoral college because they
are criminals, traitors, whom it is the duty of
the United States to prosecute as such, and to
punish as such. If tin* President thinks proper
to pardon them all, and he has pardoned a great
many, or if Congress should think proper itself
by some legislative act, with the consent of the
President, to wipe out all their sins as against
the United States, and they should organize their
government again, and come here, they have a
right to come; but until they do that they are the
enemies of the United States. But that is not the
case made by the President.
Mr. SUMNER. How are they to be organ-
ized? There is the practical question.
Mr. JOHNSON. By organizing as they did
before.
Mr. SUMNER. Who is to set it in motion?
Mr. JOHNSON. They tin •mselves, just as
they did it before. If the constitution of Aikan-
sas as it originally existed stands, it has all the
power it ever had; but that is a question to be
discussed hereafter. t
Now, Mr. President, we ought not to be in
grett haste, says my learned friend. Feslinalente
is his maxim. The ancients tell us that, asi he
reminds us; but he tells us we ought not to make
hurry. I do not think we have made any par-
ticular hurry. These gentlemen have been hoie
a goo-d while waiting for the decision of the Sen-
ate. There is one thing in which the maxim has
been followed, whether by compulsion or not I
do not know, but we have certainly made haste
slowly in putting down this rebellion. We have
been making the effort here some three or four
years, and we do not see as clearly as we would
wish the end of it yet. I think I see—but I am
sanguine—I think I see that the time is compara-
tively near at hand when it will be put down. 1
do not believe, speaking with ail the reverence in
which in common with every Christian man I
hold Providence, I do not believe it is in the
providence of God that this nation is to die. I
believe it will survive, and be the purer and the
greater for the trials through which it has passed
and through which it is passing.
" Wc wilt fight till the triumph is won,
Till the States foim ihe jealm of the (Jnion
As the stars form the realm oi the sun."
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, like the
Senator from Maryland, I do not concur with the
position assumed by the Senator from'Massa-
chusetts that these States are out of the Union.
I do not think one of the parties to the compact
that formed the Union, by an ordinance of seces-
sion, by a mere resolution which is of itself a
nullity, can lake a State out of theUniori and de-
stroy the compact. I hold and believe thatall the
States aie in the Union. It docs not follow, how-
ever, from that position, tha£ I am in favor of ad-
mitting all who present themselves from those
States with credentials in proper form into the
Senate. 1 am opposed to the admission of one
certainly of the applicants who are here now from
the State of Arkansas, and I shall proceed to give
as briefly as I can the reasons why I am thus op-
posed. If Congress had passed, as I desired they
should, a geneial amnesty act, the objections in
part I now urge would not be valid.
Hereafter, when these troubles are all over, if
a member, I will not investigate the antecedents*
of persons presenting themselves, 1 will then only
look to the regulanty and legality of the election
and the qualification of the applicant.
This is not a propitious time to admit to seats
here persons who aided to pass ordinances of
secession, persons who have led in rebellion. I
am not willing to \ote to admit them into (he Sen-
ate of the United S'ales during the progress .of
the difficulties. Mi. Fishbu'-k, om- nf the appli-
cants from Arkansas, votrd for secession in that
State, in a letter af the 28th of May, 1^64, ad-
dressed' to the Editors National Intelligencer, he
s^ys substantially that this vote was given while
he was in duress.
if I believed tfris I would not raise my voice
against him. I haveexauin.ed the case with some
care and labor; and if I had. to form an opinion
in reference to him I should'say that he was the
leader of the rebellion in the SteU£ of Arkansas;
certainly one of the leaders in the convention* .
There was one statement made by the Senator
from Massachusetts in which he has been led into
an error. No vote of the people of Arkansas ha«
ever justified secession. In the only vote the
people of Arkansas ever took upon that subject
they, by a majority of eleven thousand, decided
against it. That was in the election of their del*
egates to the convention, which convention sub-
sequently adopted and signed the ordinance of
secession. Among the delegates who were ejected
to that convention were two.from the county of.
Sebastian, and one of them was Mr. Fishback.
On the 4th of March, 1861, that convention met*
A ma jority of the convention—a majority of five,
I believe—elected what they denominatedaUnion
president, a presidentopposed to the secession of
the State. Mr. Fishback voted with that major-
ity. On the 7th of March,soon after the conven-
tion was organized—they metand organized upon
the 4th—Mr. Fishback offered the following res-'
olution for consideration in that convention:
"Resolved, That any attempt on llio part of t)i<  Federal
GovermnenUto coerce a seceding State, by an armed force,
vviil be iexisted by Atkansas to the last extremity."
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator read that
again?
Mr. UICHARI5S0N, Certainly.
" Mr. Fishbat k offered the followlug resolution :
"Resolved, That any attempt on the part of the Federal
Government to coerceaiecedmgState, by an armed torce,
will be resisted by Arkansas to tlie last extremity."
Mr. Fishback was elected to the convention in
opposition to secession. Three day3 after he
took his seat he offered a resolution for&doption
in that convention which was the very essence
of the rebellion ittfeif. And yet', sir, in the state-
ment he makes in his letter of the 28th of May
last he savs he was coerced to vote for secession.
The resolution is as destructive of Government
as secession,and is secession. While lam upon
this point I will read what he does say, affording
him opportunity to be heard upon it. I read from
the letter of Mr. Fishback to the editors of the
National Intelligencer:
" For some time prior to the rebellion I had hpen under
ban of suspicion in Arkansas as an * abolitions,} because
of what I conceived to be my libera] views on the slavery
question, and more especially becaut-e of a letter which I
had published eoncerinngtheJohn Brown affair, and winch
came very near driving me trom the State. Nor was this
suspicion lessened when the secession agitation began. 1
made haste to take strong and decided grounds against it."
This was the strong and decided ground that
he took against it, pledging Arkansas to resist to
the last any attempt to coerce the States that were"*
in secession.
In the same letter he says:
" So active and-so successful was ray opposition in that
part of the Slate where 1 lesided that threats of taking my
life or of duvmg me from the State became frequent and
extensive. The newspapers of the State were especially
abusive and menacing. Out I was electfd to rbe conven-
tion by a large majority after it wan decided to have a con-
vention ; and on my way to the capital lo take my *<*at I
was warned by the secretaiy of Stale not to come to Little
Rock 01 J would be Itunz. I went, Innvever, and at the first
sesMon of the convention we voted the ordinance of seces-
sion down by a small majoiitj. During my stay in Little
IIock my life was constantly threatened, and ,on my return
a mob ui the town of Clarksville, through winch I had to
pass, had provided a half bushel of lotien esg^ for my ben-
efit, and because of my effuits in defeating the ordinance.
" When Minuter w«t> fired on, and the thoroughorgaulza-
tion of the rebel- became developed so Midd.-nly as to take
Uie Union men quite by suipi is<-, the president unlouu-
nately called the convention together again. Upon assem-
bling we found two rebel regain nis aliendyin Me capital,
the ar-cnal in then hands. Fort Smith captured hyanothei,
the Governor receiving Hoops daily, and the Union men
entliely without mg.tmzauoii or concert. Immediately
upon discovering tin* state of (acts, I became convinced
that the State was inevitabl> gono, ;'tid attempted to make
my escape to the North. But so great was, the bitternes*
against me, and no keenly was I watched—it was expected
that i would attempt to escape, and theiefore my move-
ments wen- elOM'ly watched, tor they desired an excuse
lor my a<-a ination— that I found it impossible, and no
coui-e was left me but to aequies.ee then and to make my
efeape afterwaid when Mispicion slmuld subside. Tint. X
did ou the veiv first opp<>r;uauv. Nor did i ever as«i>ttho
lobeihoo m an) vv.tv, shape, or fmni aiar th.it vote."
We shall  . i- about tlia: uiuru v. ii.it . Tm«,
he sutcs, is the reason why at tliu sl-comJ session
of ths coiuunuoii, which met, I believe,sn the 6th
