1864,
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
192$.
whether constitutionally or not is immaterial, it
is acted upon as such—has been to swell the price
of almost everything enormously. Goods that
you got formerly for fifty cents you cannot now
obtain for $1 50; and those who have fixed in-
comes are hardly able to live. If we did not
know ourselves that that is the effect of these en-
hanced prices, the applications that have been
made to Congress daily since we have been in
session tell us that those who have heretofore had
an abundance in their salaries to support them-
selves and their families are hardly able now to
support them at all.
Then if, as the honorable member from Ohio
supposes, the tax is always added to the price of
the article, the consumers will have to pay just so
much more than they are now paying as the in-
creased duty exceeds the existing duty, besides
the profit upon it. But there is a class of persons
who will be very materially benefited by such a
provision as this joint resolution contains. It in-
creases only the duties upon imports fifty per
cent, of the existingamountof duties. The effect
of that is, if the honorable member is right, and
to a certain extent he is right, and perhaps in
point of fact will be found to be right altogether,
m relation to the effect of this act upon operations
in the present system of the country—if the hon-
orable member is right in saying that the addi-
tional tax will be added to the article, and will
increase the price of the article not only by that
amount but by the profit which the importer will
put upon the additional duty, the effect will be, as
the honorable member from Vertifkont has stated,
to raise correspondingly the price of all articles
manufactured m the United Stales, and the man-
ufacturers in New England wilt be getting for
their cotton goods,getting for their woolen goods,
upon which they are now receiving a most enor-
mous profit, just the additional profit of this duty,
because the unavoidable effect of the law will be
to increase in their hands the value of their man-
ufactured goods, and enable them to sell them to
the consumer for just so much more than they
would be able to sell them for now if the imported
article was subjected only to the existing duty.
There are a great many things that cannot be
exported. The honorable member from Michi-
gan says that thisresolution is acceptable to him,
because it will drive the goods already imported
out of the market. Then we get no duty, and
that does not profess to be the object of the reso-
lution, and the honorable member from Ohio
says that the object is to get money. There are
a great many articles imported into the United
States that cannot well.be exported. There are
many heavy articles which will not bear expor-
tation; they are bondt d merely for a place of safe-
keeping, and for the puipose of sending them to
some other port of the United States, and not for
the puifiose of sending them out of the United
States; they will not bear the additional expense
of transportation, and the men who iinpoited
them, who have contracted with the Government
to pay the Government a certain amount if per-
mitted to bring the articles in, are told after they
have brought them in, " We mean tochaige you
much more." The principle of bad faith, as it
seems to me, would not be stronger, although
practically it would be more mischievous, if the
Government took the entile goods.
But is it so true that we want the money which
this will give—the gold? i thought that we had
more than we knew what to do with. My friend
ftom Ohio the other day stated in support of what
was called the gold bill, that by July we should
have §40,OUO,UUO of gold, when we should have
to pay only some twenty odd millions; and he
urired upon the Semite, and the Senate adopted
the measure, to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to sell the surplus gold, assuming, of
course, mat the laws as they are, without any in-
crease of duties, would give us an abundance of
gold to meet all the exigencies so far as they are
to be met by payments in gold; and the Secre-
tary has gone into the market, or is said to have
gone into the maiketand to have sold some eight
or ten million dollars of gold, and to have sold
exchange to the amount of some four or five mil-
lions more, the effect of which was to produce a
temporary depieeiation in the stock market and
in the puce of gold, bat only temporary, us some
of us said would only be 'hi* etieci of the bill
under any circumstances. Gold went up the next
day, and stocks went up along with it. So fer,
therefore, as the public debt is concerned, and the
obligation of the United States to pay the public
debt, principal and interest, in gold, the existing
tariff is abundantly sufficient.
But there is another reason why in my judg-
ment it would not be creditable in Congress to
pass a bill of this description. The Senate are
not to blame; butCongress has been in session
now five months, and nere at the end of the five
months, instead of producing a tariff bill «d-
j usted so as to meet all the necessities of the Gov-
ernmentand at the same time protect the interest
of the public, we are presented with this tempo-
rary measure. Now suppose it should turn out,
and the honorable member from Maine thinks it
will turn out, and he speaks for his committee,
that the increased duties which are to be imposed
by the tariff bill now being prepared will not be
fifty per cer.t. upon the existing rates of duty,
how shall we stand then? He whohasimported
his goods under the existing law and has them
now in the bonded warehouse, is made to pay
fifty per cent, increase upon those duties. He
who imports his goods after the contemplated
tariff bill shall go into operation, pays only
thirty per cent. Is there anything like justice in
that? The one acting upon the assumption that
the Government would preserve its good faith has
brought into the country his goods, and you
mulct him in an additional duty of fifty percent.
The other, unwilling to trust the Government and
not able to import, waits until you adjust your
tariff, a.nd then he finds that he can bring his
goods into the market at twenty or thirty per
cent, lesg than the importer who has already
brought Lis goods into the market, and his profit
will be proportionably great.
It is true that it is all-important that we should
have money, but it is just as important, and, in-
deed, more important, that we should preserve
our good faith and do justice as between ourselves
and the individual importer. But,Mr. President,
it is not so much by regard for the proteation of
the individual mipoiter that I shall be governed
in the vote against this joint resolution as by a
regard for the protection of the consumer. 1 for-
get the articles included in the present tariff act,
but it is clear that the resolution on your table
will not interfere with the free list articles in the
present tariff. There are a great many goods
upon which duties are imposed by the existing
tariff which the country needs and which the
country can only get profitably at this time from
abroad, and therefore every dollar that you in-
crease these duties, as the consumer has to pay the
incnase, is so much added to the burdens which
the Government are now obliged to impose in an-
other mode of taxation upon the citizens of the
United States.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I do not know that
I undir^tood the proposition that the honorable
Senatorfiom Maryland started with; but if I did,
I should like to know so certainly. 1 understood
htm to state, as a legal proposition substantially,
that the goods imported and the duties on which
weie paid by bond were not considered as im-
ported until the bond was paid.
Mr. JOHNSON. I said I had understood so,
but ray own impression was rather the other way.
Mr. HALE. I do not pretend to have much
knowledge on this subject, but I venture to say
that the honorable Senator is mistaken, entirely
mistaken, and I would venture that, even though
he were to meet me with a decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States to the contrary.
Mr, JOHNSON. The Senator misunderstands
me. I did notsay that that was the correct inrei -
!! pietation of the act. i said, on the contrary, that
unless it had been judicially determined that such
:| was the coireet, interpretation of the act, i should
li have held that it was not, and that thegoodswere
H to be considered as imported when the bond was
' i given.
j! Mr. HALE. 0.'course. It is not many years
II since the whole duties were paid by bond.
;| Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
<| Mr. HALE. And it would have occasioned
ji infinite embarrassment, and would have been an
|| obstruction to all the mercantile business of the
|| country, if the taking of the bond was not eonsid-
H ered as a payment of the duties.
|i Mr. SHERMAN. I will inform the Senator
j from New Hampshire that I understand, though
1 do not know much about the decisions, that it
is settled as a rule that an importation is not com-
plete until the duties are paid. Giving a bond is
not held by the officers of the revenue depart-
ment as completing the importation. It is a ixieiji?
question of construction; but I can state that'lfiat
consiruction-is aided by the fact that in previous
tarifflaws, where the same language is used, there
is also a reservation in favor of goods on the way
or in bonded warehouse, so as to show that in for^
mer acts that construction has been put.
Mr. HALE. Goods on the way or goo'ds in
bonded warehouse may be considered as an ex-
ception; but if they be, it seems to be so made
by law. But, Mr. President, it is not, I think,
twenty years, it certainly is not thirty, since the
whole duties were paid by bond, ana there was
no such thing as cash duties exacted, and the
bonds were universally received at all the custom-
houses, by law, as a payment of the duties. In
regard to goods in bonded warehouses, my own
impression is—of course I speak with great diffi-
dence and deference on this subject—that this res-
olution is well enough,and that it does no.tapply
in its provisions to goods that are now in bond,
for the increased duty is imposed only on goods
that are imported; and not being retroactive in
its terms it must be prospective, and must mean
goods hereafter imported. 1 shall, with that un-
derstanding of the law, and it strikes me it is the
plain one, go for the bill just exactly as it came
from the House of Representatives, without the
alteration or addition of a single letter; and I do
it for one reason. It is one of two measures that
have been proposed to Congress (one of which
Congress have adopted, and I hope they will tbis)
that look to me as if the Congress of the United
States began really to understand the condition
and situation of their country. We have been
spending, God only knows how much, and we
have been collecting compaiathelynothmg. Pass
this resolution, and it will be an announcement
to the coiintiy that Congress begin to understand
that they must do something else besides borrow
money.
There is another fact. The honorable Senator
from Maryland said that Congress never passed
such an act as this before. Of course they never
did, and the Congress of the United States were
never in such a situation before, and the country
never was in such a situation before; and the fact
that we are m a condition so diverse from any-
thing that has ever occurred in the history of our
experience in the past should be an admonition
to us that some measure of legislation equally
new is required.
The condition of the country is singular in an-
other respect. I venture to say it is an anomaly
ill the history of the world. What do the people
or the United States ask of this Congress? To
take off taxes? No, sir, they ask you to put them
oil. The universal cry of this people is to be
taxed, and not to be borrowing money contin-
ually. If this war must be prosecuted, they want
an eneigetic financial system that shall take the
money of the people instead of their credit to sad-
dle on posterity a debt to meet the emergencies
of the hour; and for that reason I am in favor of
this measure. lam infavorof itbecause itlooltn
as if we are in earnest. It looks as if we began
to understand ourselves.
The objections that have been suggested by the
Senator tiom Mary land as to the effect it will have
on goods that are already imported and goods thij{
are on the way, are objections which apply to
every measure that increases or diminishes the
tariff. It cannot be made to operate exactly square
and fair and level and uniform on the "/hole coun-
try. There will be favored individuals who, by
the peculiarity of their own condition now, or by
more sagacity and foresight than belongs to the
generality of men, having collected in their store-
houses goods under the existing tariff, anticipa-
ting something of this kind, will profit by it no
doubt. The legislation which we enact will not
inure entuely to the benefit of the country, but
will in some degree inure to the benefit of indi-
viduals thus constituted. That is no objection to
the measure, in my humble judgment; because it
applies to all alterations of the tariiF, and always
will and always must in the nature of things.
1 said, sir, that this was one of two measures
which satisfied me that Congress began to under-
stand the real condition of this country. Now X
