2902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
of May, 186 JU he voted for the ordinance of seces-
sion. We see on the 7th of March, when there
was no force called out, no violence threatened,
the second resolution offered in the convention
was one by Mr. Fishback, pledging Arkansas to
stand by the seceded-Statesandsee that they were
not coerced. The whole essence of secession is
in that resolution of the 7th of March, which he
proposed when th'erc were no regiments to menace
him, and when, according tohisshowing, he was
free and untrammeled. On the 12th of March—
this was during: the first session of the conven-
tion, before the iirmgon Port Sumter—Mr. Fish-
back offered the following resolution:
" Resolved, That the president of this convention he, and
he is heieby, authorised to appoint one commissioner to
each of the sJavehojdihg States, to request their cooper-
ation in an effort, through a national convention, to secure
an adjustment of our political troubles upon the hasisof
the resolutions offered by Mi. Thomason on yesterday."
Now, let us see what was the basis of settlement
in Mr. Thomason's resolutions. I find the fol-
lowing in these lesolutions:
*cl. The Pre3identnnd'Vicci,re?idciitof the United States
shall each be chosen alternatefy from a ^laveholdin? and
non-slaveliolding State, hut in no case shall both be chosen
irom, slaveholdmg or non-.Mavchoidina States.
k<;2. in all the teiritory of the United States now hold,
or which'may hereafter he acquited,situated north of lati-
tude 36° 30', slavery or mvohintaiy servitude, except as a
punishment for crime, is prohibited while such tmiioiy
shall remain under territorial government. In all the ter-
ritory now held, or which may heieafter he acquired south
of said line of latitude, slavery'of the African race is hereby
recognized as existing, and shall not be inteiftred with by
Congres5', but shall be protected as property by all the dc-
paitinent.s of the tei ritonal government during its continu-
ance.'' *
"3 Congress shall have no power to legislate upon the
subject of slavery, except to protect the citizen in his right
ol ptopmy in slaves."
No sane man who will take the trouble to read
Thonmsori'a lesolutions would favor them (hen
or now. To urge them was to render secession
and rebellion in Arkansas inevitable, it lead the
people blindfold into revolution, This took place
in March, 1861. Mr. Fishback, in his letter, says
that then the ordinance of secession was defeated.
That is true; or rather they did not pass the ordi-
nance. The convention, however, conferred on
their president power to convene them at any
tune, every member of the convention acquiescing
in that movement, placing it thus in his power
to assemble them at any time, to disregaid the
popular will of Arkansas, and to pass a seces-
sion ordinance. This convention, with Mr. Fish-
back in the lead, prepared the State for what fol-
lowed. The convention adjourned and went
home; but it was convened again soon after the
war commenced by the firing upon Fort Sumter.
Their president called them together in May.
The first thing they did when they met in May
was to pass an ordinance of secession; and, in his
statement in the National Intelligencer, he at-
tempts to explain that on the first call of the roll
•every member of the convention voted for that
oidinance except five. Among those who so
voted was Mr. Fishback.
Mr. HOWARD. Which way?
Mr. RICHARDSON. For the ordinance.
Those who voted against it were " Messrs. Bol-
inger, Campbell, Gunter, Kelley, and Murphy."
I read from the record:
"At the call of Mr. President, Mr. President addressed
the convention urging unanimity, wheienpon Mr. Boltnger,
who hail voted in the negative,atose and stated m sub-
stance thatf f voted against the oidinance declaring the
independence of the State, in accordance with jny pledges
to my people, but to spcuio unanimity I ask to change my
vote to the affmnative, at the same time denying thought
of recession.'
•' Mr. Bohnger ;i"ho n^ked that the explanation be spic.id
upon the journals ; which was so oidered, and his voti1
chunked fioui1 i.a> ' to ' jea.'
u Mr. Campbell, with a simil.u explanation, also changed
hU vott- from ' nav' to k yea.'
-Mr. Kelley, with an ".xpianation in substance that 4 ho
was m favor ol (evolution, but iguoiod rh<  light of seces-
sion.' dl-o changed his vote fimii < n<i>' to < yea.5
<c Mr. Gimier, with a siniiini explanation, also changed
in*- \ote fiom k nas' to 1 yea/
Mr. FisUback'expiained las vote.*'
How we do not know. Mr. Murphy refused
to change his vote; lie stood solitary arid alone
voting against the ordinance. I believe they have
elected him Governor lately, and I think they
have done a very meritorious thing. But Mr.
Fishback m his letter says that certain interroga-
tories were propounded to the candidates for the
Senate, the fourth of which was:
" Have you ever aided, directly or indirectly, the seces-
sion of the State of Arkansas irom the Federal Union:"
Mr. Fishback's answer was:
" In no other wise than by my vote in the convention un-
der circumstances such as you all know. * i could hardly
be considered as aiding a foregone fact, however."
Now, Mr. President, 1 state the fact to be that
hereniained in thatconvention for nearly a month,
participating in its debates, offering resolutions,
&c., up to the time that.it adjourned. He says
he aided the rebellion in no way but by voting
for theordinance of secession. Now, let us see;
I invite the attention of the Senate to the pro-
ceedings of the convention. A resolution had
been offered to place the State-upon a war footing,
and immediately afterwards Mr. Fishback offered
the following resolution:
"Resolved, That the committee on the militia be in-
stt ucted to report to this body, at as early a period as piac-
ticable, a statement of the cost of maintaining one regi-
ment in active service according to existing laws of the
United States."
There was not very much in that,perhaps; he
wanted to get at the expense of a regiment; but
on the same day, May 7, a resolution being offered
to notify Jeff. Davis of their proceedings:
"Mr. Fallback offered the following as a substitute for
the resolution as amended:
"Resolved, That the president of this convention be re-
queued to telegraph to the president of the confederate
States, officially informing hun that the State of Arkansas
has dissolved her connection with the Federal Government
of the United States of America, and inqune what is the
i atio of representation in the government ot the confederate
States."
1 Ie had an eye on Congresssomewhere or other.
[Laughter.] He said he aided the rebellion in no
other w,ay but by simply voting for the ordinance
of secession. Mr. President, the man must have
forgotten hisown record. He says he wasaUiyon
man, opposed to secession, lovingthe old flag and
the old Constitution and the old Union; and here
wo find him proclaiming to those who were strug-
gling (o overthrowand destroy thatUmon, "We
have broken our connection with it; how many
votes does it take to send a member to your con-
gress?" As the Yankees say, he " wanted in." 1
do not know what more aid he could have given to
Jeff. Davis than that. It was aid and comfort. He
could not wait for the news to go by slow coaches;
it must go with the rapidity of lightning to cheer
Jeff. Davis's heart when he was making his first
onslaughts to overthrow the Governmentand Con-
stitution of our fathers. Mr. Fishback says he did
nothing but just vote for the ordinance of seces-
sion, and they had two i egiments of military there
and mobs, and all that sort of thing! Sir, the whole
thing from first to last shows that he was easily
robbed of his patriotism. Having aided to ruin
them let him be content with the mischief, and
not desire to aid further in the work of ruin. If
he had desired he could have stood with Murphy.
Alike opportunity will never present itself again
to him.
Mr. Piesident, when Arkansas passed her or-
dinance of secession the convention went on
immediately to organize men and put them into
the field.- Mr, Fishback participated in all those
movements. He offered resolutions and offered
amendments to resolutions relative to raising a
military force and bringing them into the field.
He took an active part in bringing all that ma-
chinery into motion. I will do him the justice to
say that when the question came upon attaching
Arkansas to the southern confederacy he voted
against that proposition with a number of others,
as the journals show.
Now, Mr. President, I am opposed to his case
going to the Committee on the Judiciary. Why?
Theie is upon your statute-book a law to which
I was opposed—I did not think it a wise or proper
law—prescribing an oath which shall betaken by
Senators and members of the House of Repre-
sentatives. I have taken that oath, and every
gentleman who is admitted to a seat here must
take the same oath. It is an oath that the person
taking it has not voluntarily aided this rebellion.
Fishback, Iunderstand, is willing to take it. He
cannut, he ought not to take it; it is impossible
that he can.
Mr. President, this is an unwelcome duty to
me. 1 would much prefer to say words of kind-
ness and encouragement to him and all who have
seen the errors of the past. I must, however, dis-
chaige my duty. There is another fact which I
must bring to the notice of the Senate. What-
ever may have been the election m thecase ofthe
other applicant for a seat here, Mr. Fishback's
election is not such a one as I would vote to recog-
nize under any circumstances* 1 have not the
official record to produce in regard to that matter
as I have in regard to his action in the conven-
tion, but 1 say he was not elected to the Senate
by a majority of the legal members of the Legis-
lature. 'Mr. Baxter, the other applicant, was
elected three days before him. Mr. Baxter and
Mr. Fishback were the competing candidates.
Mr. Baxter got 38 votes and Mr. Fishback got 34
votes. I believe there is no dispute about this fact.
Three days afterwards there were 37 votes
against Mr. Fishback, and 42 for him. Where
did those additional votes come from? My in-
formation is that they came from Little Rock.
From the county of Desha there appeared a mem-
ber that had just two votes, and they were cast
for him in the city of Little Rock. One of the#
members who voted for Mr. Baxter voted for
Fishback, and the other seven were votes manu-
factured in the city of Little Rock, and they
were brought into that Legislature and he was
sent here by those votes, some of them represent-
ing no constituents at all and some having but
two votes. That is my information on the
subject, and of course I believe it. Some of the
votes for Mr. Fishback were from counties in
complete possession of the rebels, where no elec-
tions were held or could be held. Then, as Mr.
Fishback's case stands, in either view of it, in my
judgment it is not in such a condition that his
claim ought to be supported, or dignified by ref-
erence to a committee. If it is referred it is only
for the purpose of paying mileage and per diem,
where there is no claim.
Mr. President, sometimes people are very com-
plimentary tome; some persons are greatflatter-
ers. A friend was kind enough the other day to
call my attention to a letter in the New York
Times, signed by a man by the name of Gantt,
oi* some such name, in which he vouched for Mr.
Fishback's entire loyalty and for his entire fidel-
ity, and said that all that I have alleged was a
mistake; that he had never doneanythmgexcept
what a truly patriotic man ought to have done.
Mr. Gantt added in the letter that the country
would do very well to swap Mr. Fishback for
four just such gentlemen as me. [Laughter.] I
do not know how that may be; the country might
profit by it; but my judgmentis thatit is putting
me down tolerably low. [Laughter.] But, sir,
when we get an indorser we generally inquire into
his standing. Who is this Gantt? He was a little
while ago a general in the rebel army, a traitor to
his country, and now he is false to his confeder-
ates. Can you conceive of a lower depth of in-
famy than that? I have heard it often said that
there ought to be honor among thieves. Gantt is
the word for all villainies and crimes. But these
are the men who come forward and talk about us
as not being true and loyal. They callus " cop-
perheads," and such beautiful little epithets. Mr.
President, if there is in my past history, if there
is in my past recoid, one action that has not been
prompted by a desire to advance the great inter-
ests of my country, I do not know it. I call
Heaven to witness to-day that whatever errors
of judgment T may have committed, every pul-
sation of my heart has been for my country, for
her preservation, for her advancement, for her
renown. With the conviction of duty discharged
to the best of my ability to my country at all
times, I can look on complacently when assailed
by the traitor and the betrayer of traitors. Their
assaults fall harmless at my feet. One of the fear-
ful omens of the times is the fact that such men,
steeped in crime, fearful, damnable crime, cov-
ered all over with infamy, can got space in a re-
spectable journal to assail public men, or audi-
ences to listen to their teachings.
Mr. President, I beg pardon of the Senate for
alluding in their presence to so dirty a dog as
Gantt.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, if
there was no reason before for sending these pa-
pers to the Committee on the Judiciary, it seems
to me that the Senator from Illinois has furnished
one. A people who have to-day ten thousand
soldiers in the field defending the flag of the coun-
try selected Mr. Fishback as their representative
by a majority of the Legislature, let mo say,
for the benefit of the Senator from Illinois, he re-
ceiving 42 votes out of 76. The gentleman as-
sailed came to this city recommended to me by
