880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1.
to the different courts of the District of Colum-
bia, praying for additional compensation,and also
the petition of members of the bar of the District
of Columbia in favor of the same, to report them
back and ask that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject, pro-
vision having already been made by an act which
has passed both Houses of Congress on the sub-
ject.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom were referred the
following bills, reported them severally without
amendment, and with a recommendation that they
do pass:
A bill (S. No. 126) to amend "An act to incor-
porate the inhabitants of the city of Washing-
ton," passed May 15, 1820;
A bill (S. No. 129) to amend "An act to au-
thorize the corporation of Georgetown, in the
District of Columbia, to lay and collect a water
tax, and for other"purposes," approved May 21,
1862; and
A bill (S. No. 130) for a charter of Masonic
Hall Association in Washington city, District of
Columbia.
Mr. HARDING, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 116) in relation to university lands in Wash-
ington Territory, reported it without amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 120) to amend an act entitled "An act to reg-
ulate trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes,
and to preserve peace on the frontiers,"approved
June 30, 1834, reported it without amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom were referred resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas in favor of a grant of lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad from Wy-
andott to connect with a railroad from the city of
Leavenworth via Leavenwoith and Ohio City,
crossing the Osage river in the direction of Gal-
veston bay, in Texas; and also resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas in favor of a grant of land
for the construction of a railroad from the eastern
line of that State via Paolaand Emporia, to inter-
sect the Atchison,Topeka,and SantaFerailroad,
have instructed me to report them back, and ask
to be discharged from their further consideration,
notdeemingitadvisableto legislate on the subject
at the present time.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the mes-
sage of the President of the United States trans-
mitting correspondence in relation to the present-
ation of a watch by the British Privy Council of
Trade to the master of the American schooner
Highlander, reported a joint resolution (S. No.
29) giving the assent of Congress to the accept-
ance of a watch fiom the Kutish Privy Council
of Trade by the master of the American schooner
Highlander; which was lead, and passed to a
second leading.
_ Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Eliz-
abeth Mills, widow of John Mills, praying for
an increase of pension, submitted an adverse re-
port; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was lefurred the petition of Ellen M. Abert, widow
of Colonel J. J. Abert, late chief of the corps of
topographical engineers, United Slates Army,
praying for a pension, submitted an adverse re-
port; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. POWELL. I now move to take up the res-
olution I introduced a few days ago directing the
Secretary of War to transmit to the Senate the
evidence taken by the military commission, at the
head of which was General McDowell, appointed
to investigate, the subject of cotton speculations
by officers of the Army.
Mr. FESSEN DEN. 1 must object to that until
we get through with reports. I have several re-
ports that I desire to make. When resolutions
are called for the Senator can move to take up that
one.
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw it for lite present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports from com-
mittees are still in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a report of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating, in obe-
dience to law, a statement showing the balances
to the credit of that Department on the 1st of July,
1862, the amounts appropriated for the year end-
ing June 30, 1863, the amounts drawn from the
said appropriations or carried to the surplus fund,
and the balances remaining in the Treasury at the
last-named date, asked to be discharged from Us
further consideration, that it lie on tnc table, and
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 134) to repeal all acts
or parts of acts granting allowances or bounties
on the tonnage of vessels engaged in the Bank or
other cod fisheries, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of James A. Farrell,
commissary general of ordnance of the State of
New York, praying for the refunding of certain
moneys paid for duties on arms purchased by the
State of New York during the year 1863, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
On motion of Mr. NESMITH, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Secretary of War of the
25th of February, communicating a copy of the proceed-
ings of the court-martial for the tiial of Assistant Surgeon
Webster, and a report of the General-in-Chief of the Army
on the management of geneial hospitals, and copies of gen-
eral orders containing instructions in relation to hospitals
and the medical department, be punted.
REPEAL OF FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I ask leave of the Senate
to present a report from the minority of the com-
mittee on slavery and the treatment of freedmen
on the subject of the repeal of the fugitive slave
laws.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
rcceive it by the unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I ask that it be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that order is made, I
desire to make one observation, if I can have the
attention of the Senate, and it is merely with ref-
erence to the usage of the Senate. I stated yes-
terday that as 1 understood that usage there was
no such thing known as a minority report; that
strictly it should be entitled "views of the mi-
nority." Practically it is the same thing; but as
usage has established the latter form, 1 think it
had better be preserved on the present occasion.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I observe by reference
to the Globe that the term *' minority report" has
been usual. However, I care nothing about the
woi d.
Mr. SUMNER. As a matter of piactiee I
should like to refer that question to the Chair. 1
know that on a former occasion, when, in con-
nection with Mr. Seward while he was a member
of tins body, it became my duty to make a mi-
nority report, after considerable debate it was by
the direction of the Senate at the tunc entitled
" views of the ninionty."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The general prac-
tice of the Senate m the recollection of the Chair
is that a minority of a committee present their
views and they are received by the consent of the
Senate and printed. That has not, however, ac-
cording to the recollection of the Chair, been uni-
form. There have been cases where the Senate
has allowed a minority to submit a report as a re-
port from the minority. The practice has usually
been as the Chair has fust suggested.
Mr. POWELL. I will move that the report
be printed, and that ten thousand extra copies of
(he ieport be piinted m connection with the ma-
jority report.
Mr. SUMNER. That will naturally go to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. POWELL. Only the motion to print
extra copies goes to the Committee on Printing;.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to print
the extra copies will go to the Committee on Print-
ing. The usual number will be ordered to be
piinted.
EMIGRANTS TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. NESMITH. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 140) to provide for the protection of
overland emigration to the States and Territories
of the Pacific, have directed me to report the same
back withoutamendment, and with arecommend-
ation that it pass; and I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to its consideration at this time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It appropriates, for the protection of
emigrants by tlfe overland route to the States and
Territories of the Pacific, the sum of $40,000, to
be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of War, but $10,000 of the appropriation are to
be applied to the protection of emigrants on the
route from Fort Abercrombie by Fort Benton,
and the sum of $10,-000 to the protection of emi-
grants on the route from Niobrarah, on the Mis-
souri river, by the valley of the Niobrarah and
Gallatin, in Idaho.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
THANKS TO RE&NLISTED SOLDIERS.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 35)
of thanks of Congress to the volunteer soldiers
who have reenlisted in the Army, to report it back
without amendment, and with the recommenda-
tion that it pass; and as I think it will take but a
moment to pass it, I ask that it be put on its pas-
sage now.
There being no objection, the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole proceeded to consider the joint
resolution. It presents the thanks of Congress to
those noble and brave men who, having already so
gallantly endured the hardships and perils of war,
for more than two years, in support of their coun-
try's flag, present the sublime spectacle of again
voluntarily enrolling themselves in the Army of the
Union for another th ree years'campaign,or so long
as the war shall continue. The Secietary of War
is directed to cause these resolutions to be read to
each of the veteran regiments who have reenlist-
ed or who shall reenlistin both the volunteer and
regular forces of the United States.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
UNION PACIFIC RAILWAY.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following res-
olutions; which were considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior is hpreby
requested to inform the Senate whether the railroad com-
panies mentioned in the seventh and ninth sections of the
act of July 1,1862, ineoipoiatingthe Union Pacific Railroad
Company, have filed their assent to, or their acceptance of,
the conditions of said act; and to transmit to the Senate
copies of any documents in his Department puiporting to
be such acceptance.
Resolved, That the Secretary ofthe Treasury be requested
to tarnish to the Senate copies of any repoits made to him
by the Union Pacific Railroad Company, or by any of the
railroad companies mentioned in the twentieth section of
the act incorporating the said Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany.
Resolved, That the President nftlie United States is here-
by requested, if not meon-i-tent with the public interest,
to intonn the Senate whether hp lias, a* authorized by the
eighth section of the act incorporating the Union Pacific
Railioad Company, fixed the point of commencement of
said road on the one hundiedth device of west longitude;
and if &o, to >ef forth a de.-cnptnui of said point} and to fur-
nish like inhumation touching the point ofcommeneeinent
on the western boundaiy of Jowd, of the branch road from
that point to said one hundredth degree of longitude, au-
thorized by the fourteenth section of said act.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States,by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary,announced
that he had approved and signed on the 29th of
February a bill (S. No. 86) to authorize the ap-
pointment of a warden of the jail in the District
of Columbia.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a resolution
for closing the present session of Congress by an
adjournment of the two Houses on Tuesday the
31st day of May next, at twelve o'clock merid-
ian;in which it requested the concurrence ofthe
Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an en-
