1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the most loyal of my friends. They tell me, as
does Mr. Baxter, the colleague of Mr. Fishback,
that there is not and never has been a loyal man
in the State of Arkansas who suspected the loy-
alty of Mr. Fishback. He was opposed to the
ordinance of secession, and voted for it only be-
cause that vote was indispensable to the saving of
his own life, i hope, Mr. President, that with-
out any further discussion, this matter may go to
the Committee on the Judiciary that they may
investigate the question. I believe that at this
time the discussion should not have been indulged
in. When the committee reports, it will be time
enough for us to discuss the general subject.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It is not my intention,
Mr. President, to enter into this discussion, but
simply to say that I shall vote against the refer-
ence of these credentials to the Committee on the
Judiciary, although, in the first instance, 1 thought
that I should vote otherwise. I shall vote against
the reference, because if forty thousand Commit-
tees on the Judiciary were to report favorably to
the admission, not only of Mr. Fishback, but of
his colleague, I would not, under any circum-
stances, vote for their admission, simply on this
ground: if they were the most loyal men in the
world, they come here as the representatives of
what I consider a rotten borough government
established by Abraham Lincoln, and not by the
people of Arkansas.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I shall vote
against the reference of this subject to any com-
mittee of the Senate. I shall vote against the ref-
erence of the joint resolution which is the first in
order, because I think the time has not yetcome
for us to take into consideration the propriety of
setting aside the President's proclamation declar-
ing certain States of the Union to be in insurrec-
tion; and I shall vote against it, because I think
that, fairly and properly speaking, at the present
time the State of Arkansas is in insurrection. It
is not at peace. So far as the resolution relates
to that State, I shall treat it a State in insur-
rection.
Now, sir, one word as to the reference of the so-
called credentials of Mr. Fishback, who has made
application to be ad mitteil as a mem ber of this body.
By whatrightdoes he come here? ThePresident's
proclamation of 1861 declared the whole State of
Arkansas to be in a condition of insurrection and
rebellion against the Government of the United
States, and such was the undoubted fact. That
State was as much at war against the United
States as were the people of England under Crom-
well against King Charles. The state of war was
as perfect and complete on the part of that com-
munity known as Arkansas against the United
States, as was ever a condition of war by any
community since the world began. What evi-
dence have we, sir, that this state of war does not
still exist ? Has it ceased, and if it has ceased, in
what manner has it ceased, and what is the evi-
dence of its cessation? The President of the United
States has not proclaimed to the world that the con-
dition of hostility in Arkansas has ceased or even
subsided. He has not in any way modified his
proclamation certifying to the world that Arkansas
was in a state of insurrection. If it was in a
state of insurrection, and if it be still so, I ask
some Senator to inform me upon what ground it
is, under what right or claim of right, under what
law it is that this people, constituting a hostile
and belligerent community, so far as the United
States are concerned, have elected or assumed to
elect members of this Senate and members of the
House of Representatives.
Are public enemies entitled to be represented
in the Legislature of the United States? Certainly
not. No man will so contend. If wo were at war
with Great Britain no man in this body or else-
where would pretend that any portion of the Brit-
ish people, whether in Canada or in England,
Ireland, or Scotland, had any right to be repre-
sented here, and no man would contend that any
one of the citizens or subjects of that Government
had any right even to hold intercourse, direct or
indirect, with the people of the United Stales.
How, then, has it happened, sir, that this hostile
. people, the inhabitants of Arkansas, have ac-
quired a right to be represented in the Senate of
the United States, to appoint successors to those
gentlemen who were expelled fiom tills body dur-
ing the session of 1SG1? It seems to me to be a
solecism, an absurdity in law, to pretend that in
the present condition of things Arkansas has any
right whatever to be represented in this Senate or
in the House of Representatives, for the plain rea-
son that so far as Congress is informed, the popu-
lation of Arkansas is still a hostile and belligerent
population.
Now, sir, to refer these credentials and to re-
fer this joint resolution to the Committee on the
Judiciary or to any committee of the Senate, is
so far forth a recognition of the absurdity that such
a thing is possible as a rightful representation of
a belligerent and rebellious State in the Senate of
the United States, and I do not propose, so far as
I am concerned, to give the proposition any coun-
tenance on my part, direct or indirect. I hope,
therefore, that the Senate will not refer or pay any
regard whatever to the credentials of Mr. Fish-
back at present.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I do not
propose to go into the discussion of this question
to-day. I am for this reference to the Committee
on the Judiciary that it may be considered by the
committee, that the facts may be reported to the
Senate, and then the Senate will be called upon
to discuss them,and toact upon them. It seems
to me altogether premature for men now to dis-
cuss this question and prejudice this case in ad-
vance. There are important questions undoubt-
edly involved in the case which is presented. Let
those questions be submitted to the Judiciary
Committee, and let us have their report, and then
it seems to me will be the proper time to enter
into the full discussion ofthe subject.
Mr. President, I am myself decidedly for the
reference of the whole question. 1 was for the
motion of the Senator from California [Mr. Con-
ness] when it was first made to refer this case to
the Committee on the Judiciary. Theotherques-
tion which has been raised, and the joint resolu-
tion in relation to Arkansas, I desire to have re-
ferred to the committee at once. Let them take
it and report upon it, and then we can discuss it
and decide it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I agree
exactly with the Senator from Wisconsin.^ It
would be, as all Senators understand, impossible
for each individual Senator to investigate prima-
rily the very difficult and grave questions that
come before us with reference to matters of law,
constitutional and municipal, in regard to finance,
in. regard to commerce, in regard to our postal re-
lations, in regard to our territorial interests; and
therefore committees are organized in the Senate,
and those committees are supposed to be selected
from men most conversant with the particular
subjects referred to those committees; and alter
their investigation and the presentation in form
of theconsiderations involving their conclusions,
Senators, with the facilities afforded by the com-
mittees, are prepared to arrive conveniently at
conclusions. That is the office of committees.
The questions involved in the present contro-
versy are ofthe gravest character. They belong
to fundamental law, and demand grave considera-
tion. It seems somewhat strange to me thatgen-
tlemen in the majority—for this House has a
political majority of the Republican party—are
not willing to trust to at least the investigation of
a committee, the majority of which has been as-
signed in caucus by the Republican party, &nd
let that committee lay before the Senate such con-
siderations as will at least suggest to them sound
conclusions.
I confess myself ignorant as to the true solution
of the questions involved in this controversy. I
think 1 have a light to the aid of the Committee
on the Judiciary to assist me in my conclusions,
not that I shall be coerced to concur with them,
but it is their particular office and business to lur-
nish the material for sound conclusions, and, at
least, their own course of argument. We have,
as a Senate, the right to call for their counsel and
advice as a part of the legitimate niaehinery of
the administration of our business in the Senate;
and it is strange to me that there should be any
objection to the consideration by a learned com-
mittee of questions involving the principles of
fundamental law. I trust the matter may be re-
ferred; and when the committee shall report, I
will try then, with the aid ol the light they may
throw on tile subject, to investigate it, so that 1
maybe satisfied in my own conscience as to how
I should conduct myself in delivering my vote m
the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. - Mr. President,-Congress'has
neglected to pass any law-for the reorganization
of the governments of the seceded ;StateS, and
therefoie we are left to act on every case when It
comes up according to its own merits. I hope
that we shall now spend but little time uponithts
question, and that the reconstruction- bill, as'it is
called, which has passed the House of Repre-
sentatives, will be taken up at an early day-ami'
passed, or that some bill like it will be passed.
Congress should not adjourn until we pass some
general law guiding and governing this matter.
Sir, there are many true and loyal men in Ar-
kansas. Several thousand of them are in the field
fighting the battles of the country. They have
elected a Governor of the State who was faithful
among the faithless. They are here1 claiming ad-
mission by their chosen Senators and Represent-
atives. Now, sir, I do not wiah to give a vote to
discourage the truly loyal men in any eifortthey
may make to put their State right, and therefore
1 think we ought to receive and examine their ap-
plication with respect and with deliberation and
care, and pass upon it so as to promote tile cause
of the couutry.
But, sir, I desire to say now, once for all, that
under no conceivable circumstances will I ever
give a vote for the admission into this body of
any man who voted to.take any State out of the
Union, or who has been engaged in this rebellion.
I want it understood that so far as depends on me
no traitor shall ever more fill any place of honor
or profit under the' Government of the United
States. If we spare the lives that traitors have
forfeited to their couutry, if we allow them to
linger out the remainder of their forfeited lives
under a Government that they have tried to de-
stroy, it is all they have a right to ask of the Gov-
ernment or of the people of the United States.
Sir, make the circuit of the hospitals in this city;
look at the twenty-five thousand maimed and
bleeding and dying heroes who have fought to
save this land against this treason; and then, if
you can pardon and admit these traitors into the
councils of the menaced notion, do so, God in His
infinite mercy may pardon those red-handed trai-
tors, but 1 never can. I cannot look into the pate
faces of our dying heroes and clasp the hands of
their murderers.
This Mr. Fishback who comes here and asks
admission into the Senate has been pioved by the
record lead by the Senator from Illinois to have
early engaged in the work of treason. I will
never, never vote for his admission into this
Chamber, and I think it is an insult to the Senate
of the United States to askhis admission into this
"Chamber. The other day we had here from the
State of Alabama Jere Clemens, a man elected as
a Union man to the convention of that Slate, but
after he got to the convention Yancey met him
and used hiin. Yancey knew who he was and
what he was, and how to rule lam. He made a
bargain with him, and Clemens betrayed tliepeo-
ple that elected him. lie betrayed them on the
condition that he should be made adjutant gen-
eral of I he State, an office the piofils of which
were thousands a year. He was appointed to
the office, and for twelve months he put the trai-
tors from Alabama into the confederate service—
men who have shot down our brothers and oftr
friends and our neighbors. He remained in that
office until his associates got sick of liim and
threatened to abolish the office in order to get rid
of him, and then he resigned. He has recently
come here, strutted around the city, came into
this Chamber, and talked about being a Union
man. Sir, 1 think it is time to have itundcrstood
that this class of men are not hereafter to shape
the policy of this country or of any State ofthe
Union, or to receive the confidence of the admin-
istrators of the Government.
I am willing to refer this subject to the Com-
mittee on the Judicial y. I respect the tiuly loyal
men in the State of Arkansas, and I treat with
respect their application for organizing civil gov-
ernments; sir, 1 do not mean their application to
come into the Onion, for it seems to me that Ar-
kansas is not out of the Union. We hold that
State now with the iron hand of war, and 1 choose
to so hold her until they are ready and ripe for
civil government. I would hold ail the other rebel
States by military power and whip them into
obedience as the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Foot] suggests. That seems to me to be the cor-
