1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ML-
be able to pay off, and the interest upon which,
in addition to the expenses of the Government,
if it goes on increasing in anything like the ratio
in which it has incieased, they will be unable to
meet. Most of the people of Kentucky are pray-
ing to be delivered and that God may deliver them
from such a rich inheritance as that. They do
not derive the same profits, and are not enriched
to the same extent, by this war and% its expendi-
tures, as the constituents of the Senator from New
Hampshire. If they could make money by it, if
they couid acquire more of income, add more to
their wealth, increase their ability to pay taxes
and to meet expenditures by the war, the same
motives that make his constituency so friendly to
its continuance, no doubt would have some such
effect upon my constituency and upon the West
generally. But instead of enriching them,"filling
their coffers, giving them increased ability to pay
taxes and to indulge in expensive living and lux-
ury, the question and the effort with them is to
get the means to pay their taxes.
They therefore do not consider the increased
amount of our debt and the increased amount of
taxes necessary to pay that* debt as any blessing
whatever. They regard it as a burden, as a ra-
tional oppression; and the only question with
them is whether as a national oppression it is not
unjust and wanton, at least whether to a groat
extent it might not have been avoided by a differ-
ent and a wiser policy; and they are utterly op-
posed tt> pursuing this headlong blind policy that
would shut the eyes of the country and of* all
those who have charge of the Government, or
would erect their heads soaring above sober
facts, fix their eyes upon the skies,and walk on,
without examining or seems it, into an abyss of
national and individual bankruptcy and ruin
from which there is to be no extneation and no
hope.
Sir, I enter my protest against the folly, as i
conceive—I denounce it as a folly; it is so at any
rate according to my judgment—of expending the
last dollar and giving up the last man to this war.
I have no such spirit as that. I will never con-
sent as an individual or as a Senator to sacrifice
the people of the country, their prosperity, to
give up their liberties and their constitutions, na-
tional and State, and to create a national debt that
will crush them for indefinite ages. I never will
consent to all these sacrifices in order to wage
this war to any issue whatever. When I become
satisfied that these are to be the results of the
war, so fai as my vote and my voice can go the
war shall cease, if we are to lose the Union, to
lose the Constitution, to lose our liberties, to be-
come involved in four or five or six thousand
millions of debt, and we and our remote posterity
be the bondmen and slaves of the owners of that
debt: our country, our freeholds, our propeity
of every description, the labor of ouiselvesand
our children's children, all to be mortgaged and
pledged to the enslavement of paying in perpe-
tuity the interest upon this vast amount of debt,
that never can be met and discharged, what do
we make by such an operation as that? "Why,
sir, to rush upon that condition of things would
he madness, even though we prove victors in the
war, and subjugate and enslave the rebels, and
divide their lands out among our conqueiing sol-
diers, black and white.
New Hampshire and the manufacturing States
may be in such a position that they can meet all
this enormous taxation and look without concern
on the debt that is so vaetly accumulating, and
idiout appiobaiion as the Senator from New
Hampshire so often does; but, Mr, the people
who have to restrict their means of living, who
have to wear their clothes until they are thread-
bare, who have to deny to their families the mod-
icum of limited luxuries, and even those com-
forts to which they have been accustomed in
foi mer and happier years, and to place themselves
upon short commons to pay their daily expenses
and to meet their taxes, think and feel altogether
differently in relation to this whole subject from
that Senator. I am one of these people myseif.
I regard  nys .lf now as taxed almost to my ut-
most ability to pay. 1 have no doubt that half
the people of Kentucky at tins tune are taxed be-
yond their ability to meet all then1 buider.s, na-
tional and Stale, in the form of taxation, besides
the current expenses of their families. In the
face of such a condition of things it would be mad-
ness, it would be folly in the extreme, for them'
or their representatives in Congress to'be'shott-
ing out, " Come on with more taxes, double your
taxes, tax us to the last dollar.99 We desire no
such blessings, no such legacies, and we will
not submit to their increase much longer, but will
resist it by all possible and legal means. I tell
gentlemen that such Is the feeling, and the grow-
ing feeling of the country, certainly in my State.
Our Government used'to be a means, a great
means, of giving liberty, security, peace, and
prosperity to the whole people. The purposes
of the Governmentseem to be essentially changed.
Now the Government is everything', it has be-
come the end; and the people,'and all their prop-
erty, labor, efforts, and gains, at least in the West
and Northwest, are merely the means by which the
Government is to continue, its existence to be per-
petuated, and its powers progressively augmented.
The people are ignored, and this enormous ma-
chinery operates to protract this war that it may
keep in the field more than half a million of men
to enable it to seize upon and exercise other and
unlimited powers, and to hold the usurpers in their
places. Its great business and ends have become
to levy taxes that even yet seem fabulous in
amount, with which to enrich its incumbents, and
raise and support vastarmies of negroes and white
men to crush out the liberties and spirit of the
people, arid force them to yield up the entire mass
of their military population and all their resources
and .substance, as they may be needed, to fix upon
them a despotism so stupendous that it can never
be thrown off. Our fathers taught us that the only
legitimate end of government was the welfare and
happiness of the governed. Now those who ad-
minister it and their followers school us that its
mission is to increase and perpetuate its power
and hold them in place, though the people be
thereby bankrupted and enslaved.
Sir, when a Government ceases to answer the
great and true ends of its organization, unless it
can be teformed it no longer ought -.o continue.
The Senator from New Hampshire will concede
this general proposition, I have no doubt. He
may make a question of fact with me whether
our Government has proved or is about to prove
such a failure. It is not so regarded'with New
England Senators and their States, but with other
Senators and large masses of the people things
are considered as rapidjy assuming that complex -
ion.
i will say in conclusion, Mr. President, that if
the Government was to get the advantage of the
rise of price of every article the price of which
will be enhanced by the operation of this meas-
ure, it would be a motive and probably a suffi-
cient inducement for me to vote for it; but when
the obvious effect of the measure, in my opinion,
will be to increase the price of so many articles
upon which there will be no impost duties, and
further to impose that amount of additional bur-
den upon the people, the consumers, and to en-
rich the manufacturers and the holders of domes-
tic manufactured articles, 1 seenosufiicieutreason
for me to vote for it.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, if, as the Senator
from Kentucky says, the Government of this
country has pioved a failure, it has proved a fail-
ure in nothing more than thi*, that it sits here
from day to day, from week to week, and month
to month, to allow itself with impunity to be railed
at as if is hy the Senator from Kentucky. 1 will
not undeitake to say nor to intimate that the Sen-
ator from Kentucky is not as good a Union man
as there is in the body. It is not for me to judge
any man's motives, orto impugn any man's pur-
poses. i will say, however, that in all my ex-
perience, and in all history, 1 have never found a
pure, unadulterated patriot who did notfind some
othei way of manifesting his patriotic, devotion to
his country than roiling at every act and every
effort which is made for its own salvation.
But 1 did not rise principally to speak to that,
but I rose to repel an insinuation which the Sen-
ator has made against the constituency that i
represent; he has made it before against the Pres-
ident of the United States, that he desires the
prolongation of this war, and that I am singing
hallelujahs upon it, because it is potting money
into the pockets of my constituents and they are
growing uch out of it and desire its prolongation.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not make the charge as
broadly as the Senator from New Hampshire
states it. I said this,"though, OVat*ftKe consider*-
atiofts to which he h&s' just adverted Woa^d'-fex-
plain why he end his constituency support the
measure under consideration. "
' Mr. HALE. Of course,"! do not'dispute lany
man's word, fthd every man knows whaf he says
as well as anybody else and perhaps a little bet-
ter; but if the honorable Senator.did not say that
my constituents desired the prolongation"of thra
war, I am entirely 'mistaken i'n'what* I think I
heard as palpably as I ever heard any human
sounds in my life. " '
Mr. DAVIS. With the'honorable Senator's
permission, I will say that either he is mistaken
or I am mistaken. I limited it to this measure,
and had no thought beyond this measure, in re-
lation to that charge; but if the gentleman wishes
to press me, I will take broader ground;
Mr. HALE. I neither wish to press the Sen-
ator nor to have him enlarge his ground, [laugh-
ter;] but 1 do wish to state ju^t exactly what the
facts are; and 1 am content to abide by the record
as the reports of to-day in the Daily Globe shall
represent us.
Mr. DAVIS. You may give your own con-
struction to my remarks. ' -
Mr. HALE. I do hot want to bo interrupted.
I shall give no interpretation except that which
the words manifestly bear; and it is to that in-
sinuation, that charge, that my constituents desire
the prolongatidn of this war, that I wish to say
a word or two; and 1 shall detain the Senate for
a very short time.
Mr. President, the Senator krtows very little
indeed of New Hampshire. Her people are not
a manufacturing people to any considerable ex-
tent. There are several lar^e corporations that
do manufacturing business in New Hampshire;
but a very large proportion of their" stock is
owned out of the State. In the town in which I
"live there is a very large corporation employing
one or two thousand hands, and I remember since
1 have been in the practice of the law a suit to
which that corporation was apaity; and' a motion
was made, and I think sustained, to remove the
case from the courts of New Hampshire into the
courts of the United Stales because there was not
a single corporator that owned property in it who
lived in the State of New Hampshire.
But, sir, the people of New Hampshire, in re-
gard to this war, have made sacrifices, to say the
least, equal to any other State in the Union ; they
have sent out, to the last man, every one that has
been called for; and there is not a village in New
Hampshire, there is not a valley or a hill, in
which the weeds of mourning are not to be s-een
and the voice of lamentation for the. dead is not
to be heard. Tney have poured out their treas-
ure and their blood unhesitatingly and unremit-
tingly ; and if they supposed that one representing
that people and their feelings, their instincts and
their desires, could be so recreant to every obliga-
tion that can bind a human being as to desire the
continuance of this war, the indignant rebuke of
that outraged people would scouige him from the
face of the earth. Why, sir, a mure gross asser-
tion, an assertion more utterly at war with the
truth, than the assertion or the intimation that
the people of New Hampshii e or their represent-
atives on this floor, or on the door of the other
House, desire the continuance of tins war—a
more unfounded insinuation could not possibly
find its way into the brain of any man, however
prolific it might be.
Mr. President, that people have given the best
evidence in the world that they desire the end
and the cessation of this war. Why is it that
they have given up their sons m such numbers,
and their treasure without stint, and responded
as promptly as they have to every call that has
been made on them, but for the burning desire
they feel that the tide of war may cease, that the
current of human blood may cease to How, that
the reign of peace and justice may return? The
idea that that people, that people that you, sir,
and I represent on tin's door, are such incarnate
fiends, that for the possibility of putting some
miserable lucre in their pockets thev might desire
to see the tide of war delude the land, and every-
thing that is valuable in the present, hopeful in
the future, or sacred m the past might be over-
whelmed in one common nun, I confess is to my
mmd one of the most abhorrent propositions that
I have ever heard uttered.
