882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
that. The loss is about four hundred thousand
dollars; that is, the bonds could be thrown on the
market to-day and sold for about four hundred
thousand dollars more than the Government real-
ized from them; because from the 1st of Novem-
ber interest has been going on, and that must be
deducted from the seven percent, premium. But
that is not a loss to us, as the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Giumes] suggests to me. We received the
money in December and November and expended
the money, and surely we ought to furnish these
parties with their securities.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Ohio whether 1 understood him
correctly as saying that the Treasury Department
had a great number of agencies over the country
for the sale of these bonds; whether there was a
direct agency on the part of any bank in connec-
tion with the Treasury Department, except one
particular bank; and if so, how many?
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the Senator is
perfectly familiar with the mode in which this
loan was negotiated. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury employed one agent, and, if time were not
wasted in doing so, 1 might explain the mode in
which this agency was conducted. I am prepared
to do so fully at some proper time. This agent,
Jay Cooke & Co., employed all the banks and
bankers and associations throughout the United
States to aid them in distributing and spreading
this loan over the country; and I will venture the
assertion now generally, without going into par-
ticulars as I am prepared to do on a proper occa-
sion, that this loan was negotiated for less than
any similar loan was ever negotiated by any Gov-
ernment. The operation of spreading this loan,
popularizing it throughout the United States, has
been more successful than any loan that I am
awuie of by any Government. The plan adopted
was only adopted after mature consideration and
after other plans had been tried and had failed.
The only agent employed by the Government was
the firm of Jay Cooke & Co., bankers of Phila-
delphia. They employed all these other persons,
about twenty-five hundred in number, scattered
throughout the United States, and took all the
responsibility and expense of the loan.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The answer oftheSena-
tor covers the point I wished to make. 1 now
wish to ask him whether the money has been paid
into the banks or into the Treasury ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Into the Treasury. I will
say that in nil eases before the subscription is per-
fect the money is to be paid into the Treasury.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think the Sena-
tor answers the question 1 asked. We received
#11,000,000 of an excess of subscriptions which
the chairman of the committee says was paid in.
I wish to know whethei it was paid to the banks
and is now in the vaults of the banks or whether
it is in the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is in the Treasury, every
dollar of it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 have notseen anything
from the Department on the subject.
Air. SHERMAN. Before the subscription is
perfect the money must be paid into the Treasury
of the United States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Of course it was paid in
when the bonds were delivered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh no, the bonds were not
delivered for six weeks afiei wards. The sub-
scription is always paid in first at one of the fixed
depositories of the Government; but the bonds
are not issued sometimes until six weeks after-
wards. All these five-twenty bonds under that
$500,000,000 loan are not yet issued. I believe
atone time the Department was back six or eight
weeks, perhaps more, in issuing these bonds; but
the subscription dated from the tnue the money i
was paid into the Tieasury. The Government
had that money and disbursed it,
Mr. JOHNSON, If the faith of the Govern- >
mpnt is in any manner pledged to the parties who j
subscribed that $11,000,000, it is very clear that j
the United States Government itself ought to re- I
deem it. I understand theSenator from Ohio and j
the chairman of the Committee on Finance to say j
that the whole amount paid in on the subscrip-
tion of these five*twenty bonds has actually been
appropriated by the Treasury,
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; it has been appro*
priated by the Treasury.
Mr. JOHNSON. As it is very desirable that
these Departments should be kept strictly within
the limits of their authority, I wanted to know
whether the Secretary of the Treasury appropri-
ated these $11,000,000 knowing at the time that
that sum was in excess of the amount for which
he was authorized to issue the five-twenty bonds.
I do not know the amount of the loan; it is very
large. What is theamount, I will ask the Sena-
tor from Ohio?
Mr. SHERMAN. Five hundred millions.
Mr. JOHNSON. Five hundred millions were
authorized. The Secretary of the Treasury was
authorized to receive subscriptions amounting to
'the sum of $500,000,000 and no more, because he
had only bonds to that amount to issue to the
parties that might subscribe; but instead of re-
ceiving $500,000,000 in money he has received
$511,000,000; so that he knew, or ought to have
known when he found in the Treasury $511,000,-
000 subscribed in that way, that$11,000,000 were
in excess. Whatl suggest is—i donotmakc the
suggestion with a view of voting against this bill
—that in all these cases it is the interest of the
Government and it is the duty of these Depart-
ments that they should keep themselves studi-
ously within the law. They are involving us—
this is not the first case—in responsibilities that
we did not mean to incur. That was done in the
case of the excess ofbounties which we have been
obliged to provide for; and now we are asked to
authorize the issuing of bonds to the extent of
$11,000,000 on the ground that the Secretary of
the Treasury has received $11,000,000 when he
ought to have known, and would have known if
his attention had been called to it, that it was im-
possible for him to issue bonds to that amount.
The honorable member from Ohio and the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance say that if the
money is to be returned it is to be returned with
interest. That 1 admit. What is the difference
between what will betheintereston the $11,000,000
and the amount of premium which these bonds
now command in the market? The member from
Kentucky says that they are some seven or eight
per cent, above par. Whatever premium these
bonds command in the market which is more than
the interest wc should have to pay, that amount
the Government loses. That is very clear. If
we are obliged to pay some eleven million two
or three hundred thousand dollars because two
or three hundred thousand dollars is the amount
of the interest on the $11,000,000 from the time
we received it up to the present time and the bonds
are worth six or seven hundred thousand dollars,
we lose either three orfour hundred thousand dol-
lars, and we lose it because the Tieasury has not
watched as it might have done the amount of these
subscriptions. It we could have been involved, and
if we are involved—and I am not prepared to say
that we are not, as the case now stands—if we are
properly involved to this amount of $11,000,000,
he might easily have involved us to the amount
of one or two hundred millions more.
The difficulty suggested by the Senator from
Ohio is one that applies, as I understand, ex-
clusively to the subscriber and not to the Treas-
ury Department. The Secretary of the Treasury
employs an individual agency. Whether that em-
ployment was well advised or not 1 am not now
prepared to say. I hope it may turn out, from
the explanation which the Senator from Ohio says
he is prepared at the proper time to give, that it
was well advised, and that the interests of the
United States were very much subserved by it;
but that is not the opinion of a great many. But
in consequenceofemploying thatindividualagen-
cy for the purpose of cneulating the information
that such an investment might be made all over
the United States, it was deemed impossible for
the different sub-agents who were receiving sub-
scriptions to know whether the United States had
or had not bonds equivalent to the amount of tjie
subscription. The icsult therefore, so far as they
were concerned, was that they could not know in
advance; but when the Secietary of the Treasury
used $11,000,000 more than the $500,000,000, then
he knew or ought to have known that he was
about placing on the Government an expenditure
they never contemplated.
Mr. FESSENDEN, i think this is rather an
unnecessary comment made by the honorable
Senator from Maryland on a very simple trans-
action, How was it as explained by my honors-
able friend and colleague on the committee, the
Senator from Ohio? Why, that these agencies
existed all over the country. They must neces-
sarily exist all over the country. It was an ar-
rangement not only that might turn out well, but
it has turned out well. We have sold our bonds
and have got the money. We sold them originally
at par, and the credit of the Government stands
high. Suppose we had sold another $500,000,000
of them. Perhaps they would not be so high in
the market; but it would be for the benefit of the
Government to have the money. The fact was,
as the Senator perceives, and as^every Senator
must perceive,it was impossible to ascertain with
any degree of accuracy the exact point where to
stop. From the very nature of the transaction,
from the necessity of the case, it was in the hands
of agieatnumber of agents, as stated by my friend
from Ohio, all over the country; and because the
Secretary of the Treasury was not omniscient,
because he could not foresee the instant at "which
this could be stopped and the exact point at which
the subscription to the $500,000,000 in all these
multitudinous agencies would be full, it resulted
that here are a few millions more subscribed than
were called for. Under the precautions which
were taken, the money subscribed must go into
the Treasury, and when it goes into the Treas-
ury it can only be taken out by an appropria-
tion made by law, and not by the Secretary of the
Treasury. He cannot put his hand into the Treas-
ury and take it out and pay it back again without
a law of Congress. It must remain theie.
The Senator talks.about its being expended.
Peihaps it is not expended to this day. It goes
into the general mass. It cannot be distinguished
from the $500,000,000 paid in on account of that
loan. You cannot pick out the exact amount
of money and say, " That is it, and it shall be
paid back," but it is thrown into the mass in
the Treasury—the Senator must understand that
perfectly well—and there it must remain until we
pass a law authorizing it to be taken out either to
be paid back to those individuals or to be used for
some other purpose. Therefore 1 cannot see that
there is the slightest fault in the world to be im-
puted to the Secretary of the Treasury. He has
done nothing illegal. It does not appear that he
has used the money as the honorable Senator
states. The money is there for aught that appears.
We are not without money in our Treasury. If
the Senator is keen enough and understands it
well enough to lay his hand on the exact sum in
the great mass that we have received and say that
was the sum that should have been returned of
that individual money, the position he has as-
sumed might be a correct one. It does not appear
that this money has been used or illegally spent.
It does not appear that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has done anything wrong in relation to this
matter, unless you require from him aknowledge
that no man could possibly possess, and a power
of foreseeing events that no man could possibly
possess over so large an extent of country and in
dealing in a transaction of this desciiption.
This is the question that arises simply, if I un-
derstand it, what shall be done in this case, as
these circumstances have happened, I suppose,
fiom the very necessity of the transaction ? The
Senator says we lose so much money. Why, sir,
that does not appear. We have got to put other
stock in the market. We have yet to put the
$200,000,000 to be authorized by this bill in the
market. What effect will that have on the five-
twenties? It may strike them down. I am told,
m point of fact, that they have fallen somewhat
since this bill was intioduced. A portion of this
piemium that was spoken of is the accumulated
interest for the half year.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will mention to the Sen-
ator that the bonds were sold a day or two ago
for 107, bearing interest in gold from the 1st of
November last.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will be seen, therefore,
that there is no loss to the Government. Sena-
tors talk about the loss to the Government! Why,
sir, in our condition,about to issue a laige quan-
tity of paper, I take it we should be very glad to
lose a great deal of money in the same way; that
is, to get par for our bonds, and let the people
make what they can out of them. If is nothing
out of our pocket. It becomes, therefore, a mere
question of propriety with reference to this com-
paratively small sum, whether we shall fulfill the
obligation, the imperfect obligation, of course, that
