1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
his party in Congress, although they may be  n
fact And may be believed by them to be unconsti.
tational? Sir, the President has no f>ower over
such a matter; it does not belong to him; he can-
not claim or attempt to exercise it without the
grossest arid most flagitious usurpation. What,
sir, he pull down a State government! There is
no power on this earth to do that act except the
people of the State themselves; arid when they
asked for admission originally into the Union, or
if they have placed themselves in such1 circum-
stances that they are to ask for admission or qmsi-
admission subsequently^ that appeal is, by the
Constitution, to be made to Congress,and not to
the President; the President has no power or
authority whatever over the subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend frowi
Kentucky allow me to appeal to him? We are
very anxious to pass this resolution to-night, arid
this discussion of general political questions is
certainly very much out of place on it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will occupy but a few minutes
more of the time of the Senate. 1 feel the force of
the appeal and the considerations which the Sena-
tor has addressed to me, and I will respect them. I
will not enter into an examination of these princi-
ples and these questions; but 1 will say to the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, and I will say to my
constituency, and I will maintain to the last pul-
sation of life, that when the alternative is offered
to me, " Will you consent that all the measures
of the present Administration, anrl all the princi-
ples and perversions and usurpations of power
which they involve, shall be fixed permanently
upon the country, and in addition lo that there
ahall be imposed upon it a debt of four or five or
six thousand millions, that will require from them
taxation to the extent of four or five or six hun-
dred million dollars annually, the effect of which
will be to mortgage the property of my whole
region of the United States, all the labor of the
people, all the profits and avails that they can
spare after a most stinted support of their families,
will you consent that these fruits shall come upon
the country in order to continue this war, and to
force a triumph of arms that will make such the
permanent condition ofthings.'" I for one wiilsay
no, though 1 stand solitary and alone of alt the
Hvin.o-. No, Mr. President, when the question is
self-preservation or the maintenance ofthcUnion
by the force of arms, and by the sacrifice of the
Constitution and these hbertifs,and by the utter
destruction of the mateiial prosperity of the peo-
ple ofthe country,or of my State; when theques-
tion is whether they shall become slaves and bond-
men to pay the creditors of a debt created for their
subjugation, for the overthrow of their Constitu-
tion, for the subversion of their liberties, to make
!hem and their posterity the hewers of wood and
the drawers of water to the great moneyed aristoc-
lacy; and this great ruin can be to any material
extent averted by stopping the war, let it not con-
tinue for another hour.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe the question he-
foie the Senate now is whether we shall put this
additional duty upon goods in bonded warehouses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; the question now
is whether the increased duty shall be fifty pet-
cent or thirty-three and one third per cent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the first amendment of the Committee on
Finance. ,
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understood that the
fust amendment of the Committee on Finance
proposed not to lay the increased tax upon the
woods in warehouse. 1 wish to say just one word
on that subject. .
Mr. GRIMES and others. Thatis notbefore
Ubi\Xr.WHENDRICKS. Very well; then X will
reserve what I have to say until that question
comes up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the committee proposing
to strike out " fifty5' and inseit " thirty-three and
one third."
Ml . CONNESS. I will not discuss this ques-
tman, but as I have a vote tocastupon it, and am
•X member of the Committee on Finance, 1 will
say that I shall first vote for the highest rate ol
duty proposed, and shall therefore vote for the
resolution as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives ; and if that shall fail, 1 shall attei-
wards vote for the highest rate that the questions,
as they are put So the- Senate, will allow me to
vote for.
Mr. MORGAN. I should Vote for the*highest
rate, for the rate proposed by the House of Rep-
resentatives, if I supposed' that that would be the
rate which would be fixed upon in the regular
tariff bill which is now being prepared in the
other House; but as l understand from the Com-
mittee on Finance that it is not expected the in-
crease will be as large as that, i ffhall Vote for me
amendment of the committee* Wo do notknow
oi> course what the increase in the regular bill will
be; but we know that in the other House tlrat
bill is being matured to take the place of the joint
resolution we are about to pass, and- as that
increase will be less in the average in all proba-
bility than this joint resolution proposes, it seems
to me proper not to vote for the larger amount at
this time; and I shall therefore vote for the
amendment proposed by the Committee on Fi-,
nawie.
Mr. CONNESS. I wiilsay in addition to what
I said before, that I would vote as the Senator
from New York states that he will vote, if I had
any guarantee that the rate hereafter to be im-
posed by Congress would be less than that pro-
posed by this resolution; but the more I have
thought upon it, the more 1 have concluded that
the rate is likely to be higher than lower. Cer-
tainly at least it is fair to take the rate of fifty
per cent, now before us in the resolution, and to
presume that the House of Representatives having
passed that by a very large vote, it is an indica-
tion of a determination oiuheir part that no lower
rate shall be imposed hereafter.
Mr. GRIMES. I shall vote for this proposition
of the Committee on Finance, for the reason as-
signed hy the Senator from New York. It rs not
possible, I think, that any tariff will be adopted
which will raise the duties on every single article
fifty per cent., though that may be the average
rate of increase of the articles that may be enu-
merated in it. If We pass this resolution as it
came from the House of Representatives, and do
not sixty days hence pass a bill imposing duties
corresponding in amount to this resolution as it
came to us, we may ruin the men who are deal-
ers in tluse articles, whereas if we adopt the rate
of thirty-three and a third per cent, increase, and
we shall hereafter conclude to raise it up to fifty
per cent., those pe.oplewill not be injured, and the
men who have an amount on hand at the time the
increase is made will not be injured, and the
amount they have on hand will not operate asan
injury to the purchaser from them. For that
reason 1 shall vote for the amendment.
Mr SHERMAN and Mr. FESSENDEN
called for the yeas and nays, and they were or- ^
dered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays j
17; as follows:
bond is intended to securc, he shall-take theni
oat and; dispose of themi- - . ,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do rvot understand that
there is any such binding-obligation afrt.licit.on the
part of tho Government aS between it ami the fiSen
who have imported goods and put them into w-orej
boose. We allow them; to bring .the goods; here
for their convenience, to take the ad vantage
markets Or of any other market of the world; they
put their goods into our warehouses and givea
certain bond for the payment of duties, provided
they sell them here; but if they do'mot-sell theta
here they never pay our duties; they may tafce
th® goodi to England or France or anywhere els«
without paying anything except simply what-it
is necessary tojprty for storing the goods. If they
had paid the duties to the Government, orif they
had entered into a contract with the Govern meat
that a-t any time they would sell the goods ia this
country and therefore pay the duties here,>yos
might say we- w«re under' such an obligation that
We" could not, without a. violation of good faith,
increase the amount of do-ties on those goods m
bond.- But the thing is ft- mere proposition oil
their part: " We bring the goods here and put
them in your power; if we choose- to sell- them
here we will sell them; if not, we will sell-them
anywhere in the markets of the world;" it is a
nalceil proposition, sot a binding bargain as be-
tween them and us, by which we are held under
such obligation that-we cannot, in good faith to
these gentlemen, levy additional duties. We still
say to"these gentlemen, " Sell yourgoods or take
them elsewhere to sell; if you sell them here pay
the additional duties which we propose to impose
by this law."
But this case' I concede may arise: where these
men have put their goods in store, and have en-
tered into a contract for the sale and delivery of
them' here at some futufe time, they might be
held under such circumstances, and if you impose
an additional duty it would be a violation of good
faith on your part unless you make such provis-
ion for it in the law now as England makes- m
her laws when she imposes additional duties on
goods in bond or in w&rehouse.
The Senator fromNew Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
insists that under the provisions of this resolution
it does not apply to goods in bond. He insists
that it only applies to such1 goods as are to come
into our ports hereafter. I do not so understand
the provisions of this resolution; certainly it is
not so understood by the committee. It is un-
derstood as applying to all goods on- which the
duties have not been paid, and that would include
certainly goods in bond. The language of the
resolution is:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Clark, Collamer, Cflwim,
Davis, Iloohttle, Fessemlen. Foster, «nmes, Ilend-rson,
ilernhW, Johnson, McDowell, Morgan, t'owell, Riddle,
Ten livck, Van Winkle, and Witley—19.
NAYtS—.Messrs. Anthony, I handler, Confiess, loot,
Male, Harlan, Howard. Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane ot
Kansas, Pomeroy, Kaiuscy, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner,
Wilkinson, anil Wilson—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was in line six after the word " imported
to insert " from foreign countries, except goods,
wares, merchandise, and articles now in tile pub-
lic stores or bonded warehouse."
Mr. JOHNSON. When I was up before 1 re-
ferred to the form of the bond prescribed by the
act of 1799. The bond which is now the one
given when goods are bonded is under the act of
1846, and I merely rise for the purpose of show-
ing that that bond is only for the duties which
are due under the laws existing at the time of
their beinjj warehoused. The aet says that the
goods are"" there to be kept with due and reason-
able care, at the charge and risk of the owner,
importer, consignee, or agent, and subject at all
times to their order, upon payment of the proper
duties and expenses, to be ascertained on due en-
try thereof for warehousing, and to beseemed by
a bond of the owner, importer, or consignee.
So that the amount of the bond is double the
amount of the duties which are due under the
laws existing at the time, and becomes a contract,
as 1 think, between the Government and the lm-
poiter that if he will pay the amount of duties
ascertained at the time of the entry, which the
Thai, until the "end of sisty flays from the passage of this
resolution, fifty per cent, of the ratfis of daties and. im-
oosts now imposed bylaw on all goods, wares, mercraia-
fli-st;, and •articles" imported, shall be added to the present
duties and imposts nowchatged on the importation of such
articles.
It seems to me that would cover the goods in
bond, upon which the duties have not yet been
imposed and paid. Therefore, sir, understand-
ing this as 1 do, and with a view of preventing
that injustice which men might be made to suffer
who had entered into contracts to sell and deliver
goods under the existing duties, I think it would
be but just to add to this bill just such a provision
as is adopted in England on that subject, i have
before me the British statute of 1858, 21 Victoria.
The section to which I refer will be found in an
act for granting certain additional rates and duties
of excise, passed May 11, 1858.
Mr. SUMNER. Read the provision.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is the fourth section
of that act, apd is in these words:
"[V. And whereas contracts oragrecmemsmay have been
made foi the t>ale or delivery ol some of the goods or com-
modules on which increased or additional duties of excise
are by tins aet granted and imposed, which contracts ©r
agreements may have heen made wish no reference to such
additional duties, and thereby tlie several contractors may
be material!) affected: ,rl, .
•<Fo> remllythereofbeitnaded, That every person who
shall have made or entered into an.v contract or
■.hall ho and is hereby-authorized and empowered, mtliecase
of anv suel. contract or agreement, to add so „,ueb money as
will lie eauivalenlto the increased or additional duty hereby
Brained on any such goods or commodities respectively to
the price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this.act
to bt paid and to sue for and recover the same accordingly."
Mr. JOHNSON". That is to make the pur-
chaser pay the duty; that is all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The purchaser pays tho
