1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
we are under with reference to it. I see no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. What I said was in answer
to one statement, and lam replied to by a different
statement. I understood the {Senator from Ohio
and the chairman of the Committee on Finance to
say that we were underan obligation to issue those
bonds, because we had received the money and
used it. Did the Senator mean that by using the
money all he intended to say was that the money
was in the Treasury to be used, or did he mean
to say that, being in the Treasury, it had been
taken out of the Treasury? I know as well as
the Senator from Maine that no money in the
Treasury can be taken out without an appropria-
tion; but we have general appropriation bills for
which the Treasury wants money, and under
which the money in the Treasury properly appli-
cable to the appropriation can be used.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, according to the
honorable Senator's explanation, he is merely
shrewdly playing upon a word which he under-
stood from his knowledge of the business of the
Treasury meant something different.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did notunderstand any such
thing. I know very well that when money once
gets into the Treasury it cannot be taken out; but
when the chairman of the Committee on Finance
said that this money was there and had been used,
1 used his language.  
Mr. FESSENDEN. That remark was made
by my colleague on the committee, the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. JOHNSON. You said "appropriated."
I do not think that changes it much for the bet-
ter. When it was stated that the money was
" used" or "appropriated"—for one or both ex-
pressions were used—I took it for granted that
this money had been used to meet some appro-
priation. I didnotmean to charge the Secretary
of the Treasury with taking money out of the
Treasury without the authority of law. All that
I meant to say was that if there were $11,000,000
in the Treasury in excess of the $500,000,000, he
ought to have known that that $11,000,000 did
not belong to the United States, and should not
have been used, if used at all.
Now, I understand the honorable chairman to
say that the money has been paid in, and there
it is; or, what is the same thing, there is an equal
amount in the Treasury; and as it is impossible for
us to distinguish the particular money paid in un-
der this subscription from money in the Treasury
derived from any other quarter, it by no means
follows that this money has been used at all. If
that is the fact, if the money is there to be used
if he thinks proper to retain it there, then it is a
question for the Senate to decide whether it is ad-
visable to issue these bonds. It may be that the
bonds will not bring as much in the market now
as they did a few days since, and it may be that
they will bring a great deal less in the course of
a few weeks; but we are to run that risk. One
thing is certain: the bonds now are at a premium
of some six or seven percent., including the back
interest, and to that extent it would be better for
the persons who have paid their money to receive
the bonds than to receive theirmoney with inter-
est from the time of payment.
I know very well it was impossible for the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, or the direct agent of the
Ti •easury here, to tell whether the amount sub-
scribed would be in excess of the amount author-
ized ; but what I said was, as the Senator from Ohio
said, and no doubt said truly, that all the money
subscribed must go into the Treasury before any
bonds were issued, then when $511,000,000got m
the Treasury, somebody ought to have known
that $11,000,000 of that amount were to be returned
unless Congress should authorize the issuing of
bonds that it had not then authorized. Thatis all
I meant to say. I did not mean to charge the
Secretary of the Treasury with any impropriety
in regard to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say a word in
reply to the last remark of the Senator, that some-
body ought to know: that when the Secretary
perceived that $511,000,000 were subscribed for
and paid in, he knew there were $11,000,000 in
the Treasury more than he was authorized to ob-
tain; but what could he dor The Senator does
not pretend to say he was in any fault before.
He could not put his hand into the Treasury and
take that money out and pay it back. The Sen-
ator knows that very well. It would require a
law of Congress to do that. What does he then
do? He comes to Congress and states the fact,
and recommends that we shall issue bonds for it.
He used it. He cannot tell, as I said before%
.what particular, specific money was appropriated.
The Senatorunderstands that very well. Hemust
go on using the money in the Treasury, and if
there is a balance there, and it always has been
there, and he is ready to pay it back if Congress
says so, then he has kept it there. You cannot
distinguish. That is the whole of it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order of the day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope we shall be al-
lowed to pass this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. If tjiis bill is to lead to de-
bate, I hope we shall take up the bill which was
made the special order, which will not consume
much time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us dispose of the
bill which is before us. I think we are ready to
take a vote upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
will be passed over informally, if there be no ob-
jection. The Chair hears none; and the question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky
to strike out the second section of the bill.
Mr. POWELL. It is very evident to my mind
that we ought not to agree to this section of the
bill. It is admitted on all hands that these five-
twenty bonds are now at about seven per cent,
premium. The interest accumulated on them
would amount perhaps to about two per cent.
That would leave $550,000 that we should save
by selling that amount of bonds, and paying this
money back. Gentlemen speak of paying it back
with or without interest. The Senator from Ohio
said a moment ago that oversixty million dollars
of this sum were subscribed on the last day, that
is, the 1st of January; so that the interest runs
for but little over a month. That would not be
over $55,000, or about that amount.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said$6,000,000 were sub-
scribed on the last day.
Mr. POWELL. 1 lies; the Senator's pardon;
I thought he said $60,000,000. It is evident, how-
ever, that during the last few days a large amount
was subscribed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The last three days.
Mr. POWELL. Then it will be seen that the
interest to be paid runs but a little over a month.
Mr. SHERMAN. The interest nins from the
1st of November. The last bonds that were issued
are dated the 1st of November, and the interest
runs from that time. The value of that interest
now in the market is about three and a half per
cent. The advance is about three and a half per
cent.
Mr. POWELL. Let me ask the Senator, do
not the bond-holders get interest from the 1st of
November?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly; but in addition
to the amount of subscription, the subsciiber pays
the interest in gold from the 1st of November up
to the time of subscription. He has already paid
that into the Treasury.
Mr. POWELL. The interest that accumulates
only amounts to two per cent, m gold.
Mr. SHERMAN. Two per cent, in gold,
which, reduced to paper money, makes three per
cent.
Mr. POWELL. At all events, taking the Sen-
ator's own admission, we should save thiee or four
hundred thousand dollars. That, to be sure, in
these times of extravagance is a very contemptible
sum; but still we might as well save it to the Gov-
ernment and not tax the people for it, as to give
it to these gentlemen.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him how we can save it?
Mr. POWELL. We can save it in this way:
by paying the money back to the subscribers in-
stead of issuing these bonds. In that way we
shall save this amount of money, because the
bonds are worth that amount.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I ask the Senator,
have we the thing to sell?
Mr.POWELL. You authorize in thofirstsec-
tion of this bill $200,000,000 of bonds to be sold.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That isadifferent stock.
Mr. POWELL. You can authorize that
amount to be sold in the market if you choose.
You can authorize $11,000,000 to be sold if you
choose, and raise the money in that way. You
authorize $200,000,000 to be sold in this biJl,and
at the option of the Secretary of the Treasury they
can be made five-twenties precisely as the others
are.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
how he knows how much these stocks will sell
for when put into the market?
Mr. POWELL. I do not know; but I know
how much the stock is selling for that you pro-
pose to give these parties. We know that it is sell-
ing for seven per cent, premium. If we pass this
bill we give these parties for their money an ar-
ticle that is worth $700,000 more than we get. I
know that much. We can authorize if we choose
an additional sale of those bonds, and sell them
for a premium, and you can command it in the
market, in my judgment.
Mr. CONNESSi This seems a very simple
proposition to my mind. The Government ad-
vertised for a loan of $500,000,000, and they es-
tablished an agency to which subscriptions should
be made and to wiuch application should be made
for subscriptions. Five hundred and eleven mil-
lion dollars have been subscribed; and the ques-
tion is, whether we shall issue $H,0d0,000in ad-
dition to the amount authorized by law to meet
the excess of subscriptions? I will notenter into
a calculation as to who may lose or who may-
gain, or how much these parties will gain, if we
issue these bonds or provide for their issuance.
If they do gain, I am not unwilling to say that
they deserve some gain for having come forward
promptly and offered their money to the Govern-
ment when the Government needed money; and
therefore I see nothing wrong in the proposition.
It is a simple, plain one, and one that does no
wrong to the Government.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the proposed amendment to strikeout the sec-
ond section of the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 11, nays Q7; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Buckalow, D:ivis, Henderson, Hen-
dricks, Howe, Lane of Kansas, Moigan  Powell, SanUbury,
Sumner, and Wilson—11.
NAYS—-Alexis. Anthony, Carl ile, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ness, Cowan, Dixon, Fesionden, Fosier, Gi unes, Harding,
flmlaii, Ilarns, Howatd, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Mor-
nll, Pomcroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Spiagne,Ten Eyeic, Van
Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wright—27.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In the fifteenth line of
the first section I move to strike out the word
" six " and to insert " five," so that it will read,
bearing interest not exceeding five per cent,
a year." It has been expected in the country
that a five per cent, loan would be provided for;
and I was surprised when the report came from
the Committee on Finance providing- for a six
per cent. loan. The six per cent, bonds are worth
in the maiket above par, which indicates v<*iy
clearly that the Governmentcould negotiate a loan
at less than that rate of interest. U seems to me
that the Government should negotiate its loansat
the veiy lowest rate of interest possible. As com-
pared with the debts of other Governments our
debt is being contracted at a very high rate of in-
terest, and it is to impose a very great burden on
the people. If we can secure a loan at five per
cent, instead of six we ought to do it. It seems
to me, if the public credit is maintained as it has
been for the last few months, that a loan can be
secured at five per cent. With the present de-
preciation of the cunency five per cent, payable
in coin, as this bill provides, would be equsl to
nearly eight percent, in currency.
My proposition is to issue these bonds at a rate
of interest not to exceed five per cent. If the
chairman of the Committee on Finance will say
that he is satisfied such a loan cannot be nego-
tiated, of course that would influence my judg-
ment very much on this proposition; but until he
says so, I am satisfied that such a loan can be
negotiated; and if so, it ought to be done. We
ought not to continue tu incieasu our debt at the
enormous rate of interest we now pay unh-ss it
be absolutely necessary, if we can secure a five
per cent, loan instead of six per cent, ora higher
rate, we should do it. I should like to know
from the chairman of the Committee on Finance
whether, in his judgment, on an examination of
