884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
the question, in view of the difference between
gold and paper, and in view of the desire to make
permanent investments, as shown by the anxiety
to secure the last loan, we cannot make this loan
at five per cent.?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I remember when I was
in the minority here, and the Government was
indebted something short ofone hundred millions,
that I made the same objection that has been
made now by the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana. I inquired why, with such enormous power
as this country possessed, owing nothing or sub-
stantially nothing, the Administration should be
so very anxious to fix the maximum rate of in-
terest at six per cent.? Why not fix it at five?
Why not at four? I made the inquiry; but not
being very familiar with financial matters, I had
perhaps no very great confidence in mty own
judgment with reference to it; but it seemed to
me then that there might be a reason for it; and
I suggested that it would be very difficult, per-
haps, if the maximum were fixed, to get a loan
at any rate below that; and 1 suppose the Sena-
tor will argue in the same way.
That was a time of peace. That was a time
when we owed nothing. That was a time when
our resources had not been drawn upon; but I
remember very well the answer that was made.
It was this: "It is unwise to fix the sum below
six per cent., and say nothing more shall be
given, because it may be that the Government
"may not be able to obtain the loan at any less
rate than six per cent., and if not, they should
have the power to go higher."
If that argument was good as advanced by Mr.
Hunter, who was then chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance, under such circumstances, when
we were not suffering particularly, and in no im-
mediate pressing want of money, and not carry-
ing on a war, it would seem to be a good answer
to be made now to the honorable Senator, that it
is hardly worth while to say that the Government
shall not borrow beyond a certain rate when we
are putting a loan into the market, because it may
be that we may not be able to obtain the money—
and we want it fiom day to day, and must have
it—at a less rate than the sum we fix.
The Senator will further observe that this isonly
npartof the loan authorized by the act passed by
the last Congress, 1 think on the 3d March, 1863,
authorizing the borrowing of $900,000,000 for two
years at a rate of interest not exceeding six per
cent. This is in lieu of that. My opinion is, that
in a time of war, situated as we are, compelled to
have the money at some rate or other, it is unwise
to say to the Secretary of the Treasury that he
shall not give the ordinary current rata of inteiest
in the market, which is six per cent, generally,
and seven per cent, in New York. I understand
in point of fact it is the intention and belief of the
Secretary that ho can obtain the loan at five per
cent. 1 do not know how that is. I have not con-
versed particularly with him on the subject; but
I am so informed. I hope he may be able to do
so. I take it the Senator knows very well that
if the Secretaiy can do so, he will, lor nobutly
lias been more patticularunil more anxious, more
overcareful with regard to keeping down the rate
of interest on any and all occasions than the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has been from the begin-
ning; and he has been very successful in relation
to those matters.
Now, sir, believing and hoping that we may
obtain this loan at a less rate of interest, my an-
swer is, that 1 think it would be unwise m a time
of war to vary from the policy established by llic
friends of the gentleman himself in timeof peace.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The distinguished chair-
man of the Committee on Finance has not an-
swered quite as satisfactorily as 1 hoped he would.
His reference toa debate between himselfand Mr.
Hunter who once occupied the position in this
body which he now does is not very illustrative.
At the time that the former chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance made the leply which the Sena-
tor says was made to him, ihecunent rate of in-
terest in the country was fiom seven to ten per
cent, in ordinaly commercial transactions. The
curieney was not then inflated, and there was but
a slight if any difference between the value of
the paper and coin currency of the country; but
now in almost all commercial transactions, money
being so abundant, tiie rate of interest payable m
paper, depreciated as it is, is six per cent, in
almost all the cities money can be readily had on
an interest of six per cent, per annum payable in
paper. As 1 said before, at the time the answer
was made to the Senator by Mr. Hunter, that was
pot the case; but loans were negotiated at from
seven to nine or ten per cent.
Now, sir, the difference between paper and gold
is quite thirty-three per cent.; one dollar in gold
being worth $1 59 in the paper currency of the
country, and the ordinary commercial rate of in-
terest being six per cent, payable in paper. Un-
der these circumstances, I want to know why it
is that the Secretary of the Treasury cannot ne-
gotiate this loan payable in gold at less than six
per cent. If the banks of the country can use
their capital at six per cent, and no greater rate
of interest payable in paper, which is worth so
much less than gold, why is it that the Secretary
of the Treasury must pay in gold what is equal
to more than nine per cent, in paper?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question just theie?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose the Secretary
says that he cannot get the money for less, orcan-
not negotiate this loan for less than nine per cent.,
is the Senator prepared to answer that he shall
not get it at all; that he will not authorize him to
give that amount?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not like to argue here
upon supposed cases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator's argument
goes to that, because this bill does notpiovide that
he shall pay that amount, but that he may have
the power if necessary to pay it. The Senator is
arguing that he shall not iiave the power. He
will not give six per cent. He would lather go
without the money.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Secretary of the
Treasury were to say to the Senate that he could
not negotiate a loan (or less than nine per cent.,
when the ordinary interest of the country is but
six per cent., payable in depreciated currency, I
would say, the opinion of the Secretary of the
Tieasuiy was not entitled to the respect of the
Senate. That would be my response to that prop-
osition. But I want to ask the chairman of the
Committee on Finance if the Secretary of the
Treasury were to say to us that in view of the
present state of the rate of interest in thec.ountry
he could not probably negotiate for less than nine
per cent., whether he would insert in this bill
" nine" instead of " six per cent.," contrary to
his own convictions.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator permit
me one moment right there?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. I want to remind that Sen-
ator that during the last days of his party's oc-
cupancy of this capital, when the country was in
profound peace, and to pay the ordinaly peace
expenses of the Government, his friends paid
one per cent, a month in advance for g3,000,000.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I have
not designed to discuss this question as a paity
man, nor do 1 intend to be led off into a party
discussion. We are now considering a question
that goes to the pockets of the tax-payeis of the
country. If we can negotiate'a loan at five per
cent, instead of six per cent., it is our duty to do
it. Our debt is being contiucted at a higher rate
of interest than perhaps the debt of any country
in thewoiid. I do not intend that it shall be con-
sidered a sufficient answer to me that any former
Administration was compelled to negotiate a loan
at a vei y high iate of inteiest. In reply to the Sen-
ator from Michigan, 1 do not recollect the circum-
stance to which lie refers. 1 will not dispute it;
but my re-ply is, that I have no knowledge of the
circumstances to which he refers.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance
has called attention again to the fact that this is
but a limitation; it fixes the maximum of interest;
and the Secretary of the Treasury may possibly
negotiate it at a less rate. 1 will ask the Senator
if lie knows ot any case in which a loan lias been
negotiated at a less rate of interest than the maxi-
mum fixed in the bill allowing the loan?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; I do not.
Mr. Td END1UCKS. The Senatorsays he does
not. Of course he does not. 1 knew that would
be his reply. As soon as it is fixed m the bill, it
becomes the opinion of the country, and the rule
in the Department, too, that that shall be the rate;
and when we say that it shall not exceed six per
cent, it is the same as saying that the loan shall
be negotiated at six per cent. That becomes both
the maximum and the minimum.
There has been a desire to obtain the Govern-
ment securities withm the last few months. We
have an illustration of it here in this bill. A six
per cent, loan was sought after with such avidity
that $11,000,000 were subscribed for beyond the
amount allowed by law,and this bill provides for
that excess. There was an earnest desire to se-
cure the loan, and that Government security is
now worth in the market three or four per cent,
above par.
With this prominent, striking fact before us, it
seems to nie lemarkable that the chairman of the
Committee on Finance should say to us we can-
not negotiate a loan at less than six per cent.
This loan is now worth at six per cent, payable
in coin, nine per cent, in currency. Money is
| loaned in the banks and in all commercial trans-
actions at six per cent., but the Government pays
what is equivalent to nine per cent. I say we
ought not to do it. If we make a loan at five per
cent, payable in coin it is equal to seven or eight
per cent, in the ordinary currency of the coun-
try.
1 have made this proposition in good faith, not
as a party man. I disclaim party considerations
and influences tipon a question like this. Our
debt is going up to an enormous amount, and we
should consider well at every step where we add
one hundred or two hundred or three hundred
million dollars to our already enormous debt,
whether we can secure the loan at a less rate than
that heretofore provided for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The argument of the Sen-
ator amounts precisely to this, and nothing more:
" I will notallow the Government to borrow any
more money, whatever may be its necessities, at
a greater rate than five per cent." Now, sir, this
bill comes from the Secretary of the Treasury;
that is to say, it is in accordance with his opinion,
as I understand, of the necessities of the case. It
may be inferred, therefore, that he thinks it un-
wise to limit the Government, and say that what-
ever may be our necessities he shall give but five
per cent, interest. Are gentlemen prepared to
say that? That is what the Senator from Indiana
is aiming at. In other words, it amounts to this:
" I will, notwithstanding the peculiar position of
affairs in this country, tie the Government down
to five percent." Why? " Because in my opin-
ion the money ought to be got for that, and can
be got for that." That may be his opinion; but
men who are quite as conversant with money af-
fairs as he is do not feel quite so certain. They
hope it may be so. Let me ask the Senator, does
he believe that the Secretary of the Treasury will
pay six per cent, if he can get it for five ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will allow
me I will answer him just here, and with his per-
mission I will also answer the suggestion he made
a few moments since.
He said that my argument amounted to just
this: that whatever were the necessities of the
country, I would not consent that the Secretary
should negotiate a loan above five percent. His
bill is, that whatever be the necessities of the
country, he will not allow the Secretary to nego-
tiate a loan above six percent. I think it can be
had at five per cent. I think the condition of the
currency m the country, and the avidity with
which the late loan was taken,justify me m that
opinion.
Now upon the other point, 1 should like to ask
the Senator what was the inquiry he made. It
has escaped my memory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It waswhethertheSen-
ator believed the Secretary of the Treasury would
give six per cent, if he could get it for five.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am glad the Senator
has asked me that question. I believe if we put
a six per cent, loan in this bill, the Secretary of the
Treasury cannot negotiate it at less than six per
cent., because that then becomes the late in the
public opinion, and the men who have money to
loan will say to the Secretary, " Wo will let you
have it at the amount of interest which the bill
allows, but we will not let you have it at less."
If the bill were to say five per cent., I believe the
Secretary could secure it at that rate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator believe
that the Secretary of the Treasury, if he had a
