2906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
tary of the Treasury, or proceeding to any of
eaia States, with th<i exception aforesaid, by land
op water, tog-ether with the vessel or vehicle con-
veying the same, or conveying persons to* am!
from said States-, with said exceptions, -will be
forfeited to the United States." -
Give tb this paper whatever authority y<*u
please, if by it the people of Arkansas -are de-
prived of the power of establishing a State govern-
ment, of electihga Legislature, which Legislature
can elect Senators to this body, if by this paper
these prerogatives are taken away from the peo-
ple of Arkansas, they-are taken away from the
people of New York unquestionably, because the
obligations and the duties charged upon-the people
of Arkansas and the people'of New York are pre-
cisely alike. The citizens of Arkansas cannot
send commerce to New York, and New York can-
not'send commerce to Arkansas. They are placed
upon precisely the same footing, and if by the
terms of this proclamation Arkansas is thrown
without the pale of the Union, New York is also
without the pale of the Union.
I shall say no more to establish the point that up
to this time tl;ie act which I read from the statutes
of the United States, and which was enacted on
the 23d of June, 1836, is not repealed or abrogated.
I have said to the Senate once or twice that in
my judgment we ought to act on this question in
reference to each of these States. Some of these
acts, in my judgment, ought to be repealed. Some
of these States in my judgment ought to be de-
clared by the law-making power of the United
States to be no longer privileged to elect represent-
atives to this body. Up to this time we have done
no such thing. This law still exists in full force.
I think it is binding upon the Senate, and if so,
the people of Arkansas have a right to be repre-
sented in this body. I am told they have sent up
here two representatives. I understand this body
to be clothed with the power to judge of the quali-
fications and of the returns ofits members. It is
proposed to refer this question, which I under-
stand is not an unusual procedure, to one of the
established standing committees of this body. It
is objected to. For myself I cannotsee any good
reason for refusing that reference. I shall say not
one single word now whether this particular in-
dividual ought or" ought not to be admitted to a
seat here. I do say that the Senate is not clothed
anywhere with theauthority to say thatthatState
cannot be represented here; and if she has the
right to be represented here and sends represent-
atives, we ought to take some measure to determ-
ine whether the individuals presented are entitled
to that representation or not.
Mr."WADE. Mr. President, the question now
before us involves the merits of the whole subject
of the admission of members from the seceded
States, and on this preliminary motion it will be
argued as thoroughly as it will be when that gen-
eral subject comes up for final determination.
There is a bill from the House of Representatives
which was referred to the committee of which I
am chairman, that undertakes to settle the rela-
tions between the General Government and the
seceded States; and if we pass it it will undoubt-
edly cover all the ground on which this debate is
proceeding; and it seems to me, as that will settle
the general principle, in order to save time in de-
bute, we ought to take that bill up at a very early
period, and perhaps we had better do it before we
proceed any further with this question. I have
said that so far as the relations of the seceded
States and the General Government are concerned,
that bill, if it be passed, wrll settle them. As to
any personal considerations in regard to this ap-
plicant, of course it would not have the effect to
settle that. But if the relation of the State is such
that we cannot receive Representatives or Sena-
tors from it at this stage of proceedings, that bill
would settle it.
Now, for the purpose of getting rid of this de-
bate, which I suppose will continue—if it did not
I would give way to have the question taken—I
suggest that u might be well to lay this subject
on the table for the present, and in the mean time
I will bring forward the bill and urge it on the
consideration of the Senate as soon as I can o^jt
an opportunity to do so. i have only waited this
iong because most important appropriation bills
and the tax bill seemed to crowd out every other
consideration; but nt the very earliest period I
pledge the Senate I will move to take up that bill
and have it considered, and if it is passed here as
it was in the other House, it would settle the
whole question.
Several Senators. What is the bill?
Mr. WADS. ' The tide is "A bill to guaranty
to certain States whose governments have been
usurped or overthrown a republican form of gov-
ernment."
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest to the Senator not
to move to lay"this question on the table, but let
it go to the committee ahd let the Judiciary Com-
mittee act upon it; and in the mean time I shall
join the Senator in the importance of the measure
to which he has referred, and I will join in aiding
to take it up.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion to my friend from Ohio. He is aware, every
Senator is aware., that when a measure has been
reported to the Senate all petitions and other
things coming in that concern that matter or any
other kindred or cognate questions are naturally
and logically allowed to lie on the table until the
main question has been considered and disposed
of. It is within our experience every day that
we present petitions, and if any measure involv-
ing those petitions is already on the Calendar, we
ask that the petitions may lie on the table. It
seems to me, therefore, that the Senator from
Ohio is entirely right when he proposes that the
papers of this claimant and the other Kindred mat-
ters lie on the table now.
Mr. GRIMES. Has the Senator from Ohio
made that motion ?
Mr. WADE. I was about to make that mo-
tion, or rather I wanted to see how it would suit
all around. I wanted to get rid of as much de-
bate as possible.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us refer the credentials.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that my friend
from Ohio is entirely right in proposing that this
matter should he on the table until the main ques-
tion has been settled. The main question will
dispose of this.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. There are six gen-
tlemen here claiming seats in the two' Houses
from Arkansas. They are very desirous to have
this question decided. The Senator from Ohio
is aware—if he is not I am—that the bill to which
he refers never will pass Congress, and I desire
to state the reason why. The House of Repre-
sentatives, in the bill, confine the right of voting
in the rebel States to the white voters. Our com-
mittee have struck out the word " white," and I
suppose the Senate will adhere to that amend-
ment. .We know enough about the House of
Representatives to know that they will never con-
cur in the amendment, and thus, it seems to me,
that bill is inevitably lost; itcannotbe passed. So
far as I am concerned, I would see a thousand
such bills defeated before 1 would consent to con-
fine the voting in the rebel States to men who
ought not to have the right of suffrage, the whites.
So far as the whites in the rebellious States are
concerned, I am clear that they ought not to have
the right of suffrage, and that the negroes ought
to have it, because they are pretty much the only
loyal men there.
Mr. WADE. It is a very strange suggestion
coming from the Senator from Kansas, a mem-
ber of the Committee on Territories, that recom-
mended this bill for passage by the Senate, to get
up now and say that we ought to abandon it, be-
cause lie is very certain—and he speaks for the
whole Senate—that it never can pass here.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I did not say it would
not pass here, but it can never pass the lower
House.
Mr. WADE. It has passed the lower House
and come to us.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, Yes; but they put in
the word "whitp/'and we have struck it out,
and I suppose from the votes heretofore given the
Senate will adhere to that position, and _then the
bill, so amended, can never pass the House of
Representatives. We have already seen evidence
enough of that.
Mr. WADE. That h a pretty bold assump-
tion when we see the vacillating character of votes
in the Senate. We have seen lately a bill pre-
cisely in the same predicament which did finally
pass both Houses and is now a law.
Air. McDOUGALL. ! winh to suggest to the
Senator from Ohio that upon the question before
the Senate I believe every Senator is prepared to
vote, and I think we may as well vote upon it
without further debate. We are taking up too
much time.
Mr. WADE. If I was certain that the debate
would cease here and the vote be taken on the
motion to refer this matter to the Committee on
the Judiciary, I would .have no objection.
Several Senators. Try it.
Mr. WADE. It was to'stop debate that I pro-
pose to lay the subject on the table. I think I will
try the .vote on that motion. I move to lay the
whole subject on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio to lay
the joint resolution and the credentials on the
table.
Mr. LA$FE,of Kansas, called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 5, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Howard, Richardson, Sum-
ner. and Wade—5.
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Clark,
Cotmess, Davis, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDou§all, Morgan, Morrill,
Pomeroy, Powell, Itamsey, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wil&on
—32,
ABSENT —Messrs. Carlile, Collamer, Cowan, Dixon,
Hale, Hardin?, Henderson, Hicks, Nesmith, Riddle, Ten
Eyck, and Wright—12.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. The question now returnson
the-reference, and there the question naturally is
to what committee this matter should go. The
motion, I know, is to refer it to the Judiciary
Committee; but should it logically go to thatcom-
mittee according to the usages of the Senate?
My friend from Ohio has already referred to a
bill of the House of Representatives which is on
our tables, House bill No. 244, to guaranty to
certain States whose governments have been
usurped or overthrown a republican form of gov-
ernment, That bill, the Senate will remember,
was referred to the Committee on Territories.
It is understood that it has been carefully con-
sidered by that committee. Atany rate, it is now
on our tames reported back from that committee.
That committee has, therefore, had this whole sub-
ject under consideration. Should it not be allowed
to proceed with its consideration in this other
aspectofit? Here is a joint resolution movedby
the Senator from Kansas who now rises, which in
effect is covered by this bill already on our tables.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to ask the
Senator a question. I ask if, in his long experi-
ence, he has ever known the credentials of mem-
bers claiming seats here to go to any other com-
mittee than the Committee on the Judiciary?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Kansas is
aware that he himself has moved the reference
of the credentials, and the reference also of a
joint resolution. That joint resolution raises the
question involved in this very bill, which has
already been considered by a committee of this
body. Why take the subject away from that
committee? I began by saying that logically it
belonged to that committee unless you wish to
assign the same subject to two different commit-
tees, so that you may have the advantage of a
report one way from one committee and another
from another committee. I do not think thatcan
be desirable. It seems to me, in order to give
unity to our deliberations and unity to our con-
clusions, we ought to refer these present papers,
with the joint resolution of the Senator from
Kansas, to the committee that already has had
the whole subject under consideration. I think,
therefore, it would be better to substitute the Com-
mittee on Territories; but my friend from Ohio,
who is chairman of that committee, says, " Let it
go to the Committee on the Judiciary." If lie is
agreed I shall not struggle longer.
Mr. WADE. I am agreed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to refer the joint resolution and
the credentials to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. There is on the table a res-
olution moved by myself on this subjcct which
ought to take the same reference.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Summer on the 97th of May, was taken from the
table and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary:
Resolved, That a State pretending to tecedc fiom the
