1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1931
enjoyed the benefit of this enhancement in the
price, the Senate would not increase the tax upon ;
U. Now, on the faith of the law of the contract, :
goods are in the bonded warehouse; the money has
not been paid; but the agreement is made—and 1
think no Senator can question the construction
that the Senator from Maryland hasputupon the
law—(he agreement has been made between the
Government and the importer that the goods may
be taken out at any time when the tax is paid,
and that is ascertained when the goodsgo into the
warehouse. Now, can we turn round and break
faith ? I think it is a stronger case than that which
was settled by the Senate three or four weeksago.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Indiana
lias referred to the case that occurred a few weeks
ago when we refused to tax liquor on hand. I
voted with the Senator on that occasion. I do
not remember whether I assigned the reason for
my vote at that time or not; but I am free to say
that the reason which mainly governed me on
that occasion was the essential difficulty of en-
forcing any such tax. There is no such essential
difficulty on the present occasion. Therefore the
decision of the Senate on that occasion in the
former case, certainly so far as I was a party to
it, cannot in any respect control its decision now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Indiana
' seems to think that this is a stronger case against
imposing the duty on the goods in bond than the
case was the other day against imposing an addi-
tional duty on spirits on hand. I understand
that there is quite a distinction. On the goods in
bond noduties in fact have ever been paid. The
spirits on hand had paid the duty. The party
owning them had, so far as the contract against
the Government is concerned, proceeded at least
one step further. lie Had actually paid the duty
to the Government. But with regard to these
goods in bond, the truth is they have never paid
any duty; and there is a reservation, a privilege at
any time to take them out of the country without
paying any duty. I do not regard it as a binding
contract on the part of the Government; and I
think the case is decidedly stronger in favor of
imposing duties upon goods in the bonded ware-
house than it was upon the whisky on hand.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is just this dif-
ference, that when the Government received from
the liquor dealer twenty cents for the privilege
of producing the article she did not say she would
not tax that again., but 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Has theGovernmentsaid
to the importer that he may bring in his goods
and put them in bond and the Government will
impose no more duties upon them?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think so*, sir. I was
just going on to meet the very suggestion the
Senator has made. The Government, by the law
and the contract, says to the importer, when he
p-Us the goods in her warehouse and agrees to
pay the expenses of the warehousing, that he may
take the goods out of the warehouse at any time
that he pays a certain amount. What amount?
Not an amount to be fixed afterwards, but an
amount then ascei tained. It is a pledge, it is an
agreement with the Government, a written agree-
ment which the Government receives from the
importer. There was no such agreement, ex-
cept by inference, when she received a tax of
twenty cents a gallon on liquor; but here she
makes an agreement and pledges her faith by con-
tract that she will add nothing more to it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have the statute before
me. It provides:
''That on and nftcr the dny this aet goes into operation,
the dutf's on <lls imported gou(K waie?, or merchandise,
>ball be paid uiCci-h* Provided, That in u!tui.-et> oflaiime
ot ne"l^ct to pay tlsv* dotH1.- wuhin the peuod allowed by
hov to the importer to make entry th< ico/, or wheurverthe
owner, importer, or cmisumee. shall make entry for ware-
housing the same, in wining, in bueh lorm ami s-uppoited
hy aueh pioot as -'lull pie-cubed by tie' ^-ert'tary fit the
Tiea^ui}-, the said good*, wares, or nurcbamik-e shall be
taken po^esMo.i oi 1)} the collator a .id deposited in the
public or in otis"t -'orc-i t<> l> * agreed on hy the col-
lector or chief revenue officer ot the pou and the importer,
owner, ot con^iiiicr. the r-aid ^ton--, to he soured in the
nsanntr piovided toi h> the jhm Motion Oi the aetot thr20ih
da vol" April, lfcflfcS entitled 'An act providing for me <lepu-.it
Oi wine* and di-tiiled :«pints in public u-arelionr-es, ;tnd lor
other purp-^ev,' there to h" kept with due and reasonable
eare, at the ehaigf and risk w the owpci, irmmrtei, con-
siirn<'e,or au'-nt. and subject at -lil mm s to then Older, upon
pawnent ot the'ptoper duties and expenses, to be a?<-^r-
taiued on due enlty tln-reo: for warehousing, «md to be se-
cured by a bond ot the owner, uiipoi'er,or <'on~i^ne !, with
sttictv or sureties io the satisfaction ot the collcctor, In
double the amount of the said duties, and in eiich form'as
the Secretory of the Tieasury shall prescribe: Provided,
That no merchandise shall be withdrawn- from any ware-
house in which u may be deposited in a less quantity than
in an entne package, bale, cask, or box, unless in DuHc;
nor shall merchandise bo imported in bulk be delivered,
except m the whole quantity of each parcel, or in a quan-
tity not le->s than one ton weight, unless by special author-
ity of the decretory of the Treasury. And in case the
owner, importer, consignee, or agent of any goods on which
the duties have not been paid, &hal! give to the collector
satisfactory security that the said goods shall be landed out
of the jurisdiction of the United States, in the manner now
required by exKtinsr taws relating to exportations for the
benefit of diawback, the collector and naval officer, Many,
on an entry to reexport the same, shall, upon payment of
the appropriate expenses, permit the *uid goods, under the
inspection of the proper oflicers to be shipped without the
payment of anj* duties thereon."
I understand the whole effect of that t<*be this:
we propose to the importers of goods,(t if you
will bung your goods and put them into ware-
house,you shall have the privilege of selling them
to our people by paying the duties upon them,or
you may take them abioad without paying any
duties." Senators suggest that thfe bond to be
given is double the amount of the duties. That
is very true; but why is it double the amount of
the duties? Because the Government might per-
haps double the duties, and it is to cover that.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is a penalty to secure the
payment of the duty.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I agree
that the Government has no right to violate a con-
tract as between individuals; but as between the
Government and these importers there is no such
contract entered into binding us so that we can-
not impose an additional duty when they have
not paid the duties,and it is at their option to re-
export the goods at any time without paying
any duties whatever, it seems clear to me. I
may be mistaken. Other gentlemen may be right.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to read the form
in which this contract is made:
"And subject at ail times to their order, upon payment
of the pi oper duties and expenses, to be ascertained on due
entry ihereot for warehousing."
The duties which they are to pay are to be as-
certained when they bung the goods into ware-
house. That is what they aie required to pay,
and nothing but that. Let me read it again:
" And suhj< ct at all time5: to their order, upon payment
of the proper duties and expen«.es>, to be aacei tamed on due
entry thereoflbr warehousing."
The duties, then, which they are to pay are the
duties ascertained at the time the warehousing
takes place. Now, I will ask gentlemen to test
it a little. Suppose they are put in the ware*
house, the duties ascertained,and a penalty bond
given for double1 the amount, and then we reduce
the duties; can that man get those goods out by
paying a different duty from what was ascer-
tained when they were warehoused ? I think not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance. #
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan, Davis, FessemH n, Foster, Henderson, Hendricks,
Johnson, McDougall, Morgan, Ni^imth, Powell, Rtddie,
'JVn Eyrk, Van VYinkl^. and Willej—19.
NAYsS—Mc«rs.. Anthony, Chandler. Conner, Doohttle,
Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Howaid. Howe, Lane: of fml.ana,
Lane ot Kansut, Pomciov, Ramsey, Sherman, Spiague,
Sumner, Wilkinson, and WiUon—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, As i understand the effect
of the amendment just adopted, the amendment
that I suggested would be wholly inapplicable.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is an-
other amendment of the Committee on Finance
yet to be acted upon, which is to strike out the
i1 following proviso to the joint resolution:
:j Pivii'lcdy That printing paper, unsized, used for books
,1 and newspapers exclusively, shall be exempted from the
• operation ot this jesolution.
Mr. SUMNER.. Let us have the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
i The yeas and nays were ordered.
M Mr. SUMNER.' I will state piecisely why I
i! called the yeas and nays on this amendment. It
;i stems to me it is not an unimportant question,
j; It is a tax on knowledge. I do not wish to go
into any explanation or any discussion on that
i' question; but at this moment in all the countries
;i whete the taxes ar^ the greatest the disposition is
to abandon the taxes on knowledge; and it seems
ii to me that at this moment, when we arc adding
fifty per cent, or thirty-three and ^ third pereenU
to the taxes of the country, it wHPbe honorable
to this country that it docs not increase to that
extent the'taxes on knowledge. I am veryglad
to see that the House of Representatives aid bf
this proviso exempt knowledge from afiy addi-
tional fax. ' • • - .
Mr. CONNESS; The' reason thatthe Senator
suggests in opposition to striking out this proviso,
is the very reason why we should vote to strike
it out. J think the surplus- of- knowledge does
us great injury in ;legislation on revenue bills,
{Laughter,] f am in favor'of striking out the
proviso.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeasSl, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carlile,Chandler,Clark, Collamer, Con-
ness, Cowan, Fegse'uden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hiilej Hen-
derson, Howe, Morgan, Ramsey, Sherman} Sprague, Ten
JbJyck, Van Winkle, Wilkinson, and Wilson—§1.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Doolittle, Harlan,
Hendricks, Howard, Johnson^ Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, MeDougall, Nepmitb, Pomeroy, Powell, Kiddle,
Sujnner, and Willey—
So the amendment was agreed to 
Mr. CHANDLER. As this is a very import-
ant bill, and as the Senate is very thin,T move
that the Senate do now adjourn. ; ;
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator will
withdraw his motion and allow the bill to be re-
ported to the Senate, and then we can have an-
other vote on the main question. 1 desire to call
for the-yeas and nays upon it when it is reported
to the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senate should ad-
journ now, we can have a full Senate and take a
vote to-morrow, I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the motioft.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 23; as follows:
YEA?—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Hale, Henderson,-
Hendricks Howard, Lane* of Indiana, Pomeroy, Powell,
Ram>ey, Kiddle, Sprague, Sumner, and Wilkinson—14.
WAYS—Messrs. Kuckalew, Carhle, Clark, Collamer,
Conness, Cowan, Davis Doohttle, Feesenden, Foot, Fos-
ter. Grimes, Harlan, Howe, Johnson, Laue of Kansas, Mc-
Dougall, Morgan, Sherman, Ten Eyek, Van Winkle,
Wnley, and Wilwm—23.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The jointresolution was reported to the Senate
as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be on concurring in the amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire a separate vote on
the first amendment fixing the rate of the increased
duties at thirty-three and one third per cent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be taken on thatamendmentfirst. The ques-
tion is on concumng in the amendment in line
four, to strike out the word "fifty" and insert
"thirty three and a third;" and upon this ques-
tion the yeas and nays arc demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I wiii state
a few facts in regard to that matter. I shall not
detain the Senate long, because I know it is time
to adjourn; but I deem this question of vital im-
portance, involving a very large interest to the
Government.
Several Senators seem to base their votes for
this amendment on the idea that the increase of
taxation in the revenue bills yet to be passed is
not to be over thirty-three or fifty per cent*. So
far as I can gather fiom conversation with mem-
bets, i believe it is the intention of the House of
Representatives to make about the same percent-
age of increase in the internal taxes and the duties
on imported goods. I know that they have in
fact increased the internal duties from sixty to one
hundred percent. They have increased theinoome
tax from three to five percent., which is equivalent
to sixty-six per cent, increase. They have in-
creased the duty on manufactures sixty-six per
cent. Under the old bill they paid but three per
cent., and under the new bill they pay five per cent.
They have doubled the license tax. They have
increased nearly all the taxes, as Senators will re-
, member if they will call the provisions of the
j Hmise bill to mind, fiom sixty to one Hundred
'! percent. I cannot now call to mind a single article
ij on which the increase is not above fifty percent,
i If they should apply that rule—ami we have
every reason to suppose that they will—to the
'1 duties on imported goods, they ct nnot increase
