1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL
Union and battling against the national Government to
maintain this pretension must be regarded as a rebel State,
subject to military occupation, and without title to repre-
sentation on this floor until it has been readmttted by a vote
of both Houses of Congress; and the Senate will decline
to cntcitain any application from any such rebel State uutil
alter such vote of both Houses of Congress.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to present
to tile Senate a proclamation from the command-
ing general of the depariment in which Kansas
is situated for the purpose of reference to the same
committee, and I ask that it be printed.
Mr. HOWARD. What is the date of the
proclamation ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In March last.
The proclamation was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
PERFORMANCE OF MILITARY DUTY.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to call up the bill in-
troduced by the Senator from New York [Mr.
Morgan] to repeal the commutation clause of
the enrollment act, for the purpose of acting upon
it to-morrow, and I desire to submit some amend-
ments that I intend to offer to it, for the purpose
of having them printed.
Mr. TRUMBU-LL. I have been struggling
for some time to get the floor with the view of
making a report from a committee of conference.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to have the paper
which I presented as an intended amendment to
Senate bill No. 286 printed, and I shall desire to
call up the bill in the morning. '
The amendment was received, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the amendmentis now
presented, as it seems to be voluminous, I move
that the bill be recommitted with the amendment
to the proper committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
win suggest that that motion cannot be entertained
at the present time, because the bill is not before
the Senate. It was only by unanimous consent
that the amendment was received and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the amendment is re-
ceived my motion is applicable to the amendment;
and I desire to say just d word. A committee of
this body presents a measure before us. We
have a right to suppose that that is the measure
the committee is going to stand by; but I have
seen committees of the body frequently change
the whole proposition. I think it is an objection-
able practice, and when the whole thing is gone
over again by an amendment, as in this case, I
think the matter should go back to the commit-
tee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
only understands yie Senator from Massachusetts
to offer an amendment which he intends to pro-
pose to the bill for the purpose of having it
printed.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following re-
port:
The committer of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (fl, 11. No. 40) entitled "Ait
♦let making appropriations for the eonsulai and diplomatic
expenses of tiie Government foi the year ending the 30th
oi June, 1885, and foi other purposes,*'having met, after
a full and In3'-4 conference have agreed to recommend and
do recommend to their respective Houses a-* follows:
That the Houie recede horn its disagreement to the sec-
ond amendment of the Senate and agree to the snmo with
the following amendments: strikeout the words u twenty-
live55 and iri&et t lite woid "tlmteen strikeout the woid
u pupils"' and insert the word " el^i ks."
That the House agree to the twenty-eighth amendment
of the Senate.
That tiie Senate iccede irom alJ the twenty-ninth amend-
ment aftei tiie enacting clause, and that the following be
in^'-rted in lieu theieot:
That the .President he, and is hereby, authoiized, when-
ever he Miali think the public good wiil be piomotedtheic-
by, to appoint eons-ulai eleik^, not exceeding thirteen in
number at any one time, who shall be citizens ot the
United r^iate-i. and over eighteen years of aye at the time
of th.'ii appointment, and shall be entitled to compensa-
tion for then >jciviee« iP^pectiveiy at a rate not exceeding
$1,000 pei annum, to be determined by the President, and
to assign such cleik.? fiom tune to time to such oon.-ulau's
ami with sue h duties fio ho •shall dnect; and before the ap-
pointment of any such eleik shall he made, it shall be sat-
isfactorily shown to the Secietaiy of State, after due ex-
amination and icpoit by an examining board, tb.it the
applicant is qualified and fit foi the duties to which he
shall be assigned, and ditch report shall be laid before the
Piesidem. Andnoeieikso appointed shall be lemoved J
tiom ufnee except lor cause t-tuted m writing, which fhtill 1
be submitted to Congie=s at the session fii-ttolknviiigsueh j
removal. 1
That tiie Senate iccede from its thirtieth amendment. 1
That the House recede from its amendment to the thirty-
first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
LYMAN TRUMBULL.
IRA HAlUt'fS,
P. G. VAN WINKLE,
Managers on the part of tke Senate.
JAMES F, WILSON,
GODLOVE S> ORTB,
Managers on tke part of the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state that the only
difference between this report and that submitted
by the previous committee of conference is that
we have given up on the part of the Senate our
thirtieth amendment to this consular and diplo-
matic appropriation bill. That is the amendment
which proposed to raise the grade of the minister
to Belgium. The House of Representatives had
rejected the report of the previous committee of
conference, and on conferring with the committee
last appointed on the partof that House they told
us that there was no probability of their being
able to pass the bill if the Senate insisted upoji
that amendment. They have given up all the
other amendments which were agreed to by the
former committee of conference, so that the Sen-
ate has already agreed to this report precisely as
it now is, with the exception I have stated.
Mr. SUMNER. The chairman of the com-
mittee is aware that the proposition was presented
in an entirely different form by the lastcommittee
of conference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know it was,
Mr. SUMNER. It was general, not applicable
to Belgium exclusively. *
Mr. TRUMBULL. Our amendment was ap-
plicable to one country alone. The former com-
mittee of conferencc altered that amendment and
made it general, and authorized the raising of the
grade without raising the pay of the minister,
making it general and applying to all countries
excepting those that were specified in theprevtous
act; but the House of Representatives refused to
concur in the proposition in that shape, and now
we have given up our amendment which provided
for raising the grade of the minister to Belgium.
. Mr. SUMNER. Then I understand from the
chairman that it was not thought practicable to
obtain from the other House a recognition of the
proposition in the latter form.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We were told distinctly
that there was no probability of the other House
agreeing to it in either form. In fact they thought
it would pass better as a general proposition than
in the particular case.
Mr. SUMNER. Doubtless; and I supposed
that when it was put in the general form it would
be unobjectionable. It would simply authorize
the President in the exercise of his discretion to
change the grade, which would be a public ser-
vice in some places, and I think it very import-
ant to have it done.
The report was concurred in.
MARINE HOSPITAL IN CHICAGO.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire, as I suppose
the Senate is about adjourning or going into
executive session, to call up the joint resolution
which has heretofore been under debate with re-
spect to duties on imports, in order that it may
come up to-morrow at one o'clock, and I give
notice at the same time that I shall desire to fol-
low it by the fortification bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator does not
wish to act on that joint resolution now, I hope
he will allow me to call up a local bill with a
view of passing it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood thatitvflKs
proposed to go into an executive session imme-
diately.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to make that
motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desite to call up the
bill m regaid to the marine hospital at Chicago.
It will not consume time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not wish to inter-
fere with anything that may be done to-night,
but I wuit to take up, to-mprrow, the joint reso-
lution to which i have leferied, because it is ab-
solutely necessary that we should act upon it. I
withdraw my motion to accommodate the Sena-
tor from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to proceed to the
consideration of the bill for tin; disposition of the
marine hospital at Chicago.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 504) to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to sell' the 'marltfe'hospital and'grQui)'ds\'at
Chicago, Illinois, and to purchase .a new site and
build a new hospital/was'considered as in. Com-
mittee of the Whole. • - - v
Mr'. JOHNSON. Bo I understand tlfe
present hospital is first tobe-sold ? " x
Mr. TRUMBULL., Yes, sir; ljut'posse's^io.n
"is to be retained untii the new one is completed.
, Mr. JOHNSON. "But the title will be in the
purchaser. ' ♦ ' ' . " 'ry *.
'Mr. TRUMBULL. The titleVijt-be subject
to that condition. *
Mr. JOHNSON. But suppose, in the opinion
"of the Secretary, it is impossible to get as goptl a
one for the same money, what then?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He will make his contract
in advance, I suppose. He necessarily must do
so. I th.ink the bill is very carefully guarded in
•that respect. He purchases the ground and makes
a contract for the building, and the grounds and
building,when complete, are not to costmore than
the sum which he receives for .the old hospital
and,grounds. The difficulty about it js that the
old hospital is situated at the mouth of the Chicago
river, in an undesirable location. I do n<?t know
whether the Senator is familiar with it 
Mr. JOHNSON. I am familiar bsjMnforma-
tion, and in no other way. I have no doubt the
present hospital ought to be sold, but I suggest
that this bill compels the Secretary to sell.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, it is in his discretion.
It does not compel him; it leaves it to the discre-
tion of the Secretary, but I have no doubt he
would sell.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. Does this bill come from any
committee of the Senate?
Mr. ANTHONY. It was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and I reported it back.
It is carefully guarded.
Mr. GRIMES. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs has nothing to do with marine hospitals.
It ought to have been referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. ANTHONY. As it was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs by the Senate, that
committee thought proper to take jurisdiction
of it.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
MARQUETTE AND ONTONAGON RAILROAD. '
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 64) explanatory of the act entitled "An act
extending the time for the completion of the Mar-
quette and Ontonagon railroad of the State of
Michigan."
Mr. HOWE. The act of which this resolu-
tion is explanatory is now before the President
awaiting his signature. There is some little am-
biguity about it. I have shown this joint resolu-
tion to the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. How-
ard,] who is particularly interested in the act that
has been passed, and to the chairman of the Com*
mittee on Public Lands, [Mr. Harlan,] which
committee reported that act, and they are satis-
fied with the resolution, and I should therefore
like to have it passed and go to the House of Rep-
resentatives at once.
Mr. HOWARD. I have not the slightest ob-
jection to the passage of this resolution, though
I regard it as entirely useless. If the Seftator
from Wisconsin desires to have it passed as ex-
planatory of the act, I shall not object.
The resolution was read. It piovides that the
act extending the time for the completion of the
Marquette .and Ontonagon railroad of the Stut£
of Michigan .shall be so construed as to extend
the time for completing only so much of that road
as lies between Marquette and Ontonagon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not recollect the
subject very well now, but I believe I had some
cJiarge of the original bill. I think I reported it
from the Committee on Public Lands* or, afrleast,
I was in the committee when it was discussed.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator is mistaken. The
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Carlile] reported it
from the Committee on Public Lauds.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I knew that I had it in
charge to some extent at some time, and 1 thought
I reported it. It was certainly investigated by the
committee when I was present; and I should like
