886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
premium. Butsuppose the bond had depreciated;
suppose it had gone down to ninety cents; would
the Government then have refunded, and said to
the subscribers, " It is at your option to take the
bond or not?" Certainly not. They would have
insisted; they had the man's money, rightfully
had his money, he had subscribed for his bond
and agreed to take iti and here was his bond.
We did not agree that it should be maintained at
par, or he should take it if it was at par; but here
is the bond; he must run the risk of the depre-
ciation, and he must take the bond.
But, on the other hand, the bonds have appre-
ciated. Now is it not rather a small matter for
the Government to say, " It is very true when you
paid your money the bonds were at par and you
ran the risk of depreciation, but now it has ap-
preciated a little and we are not going to give you
the bond; we propose to place those eleven mil-
lions in the market and sell them ? You shall not
have the premium. We are going to give you
your money and the interest back again, and we
are going to keep the balance." Would that be
a fair transaction among merchants? The Senator
from New York is a merchant, and I ask him if
that would be a fair transaction in the mercan-
tile world? Should not the Government keep its
faith ?
If we had no more bonds to put upon the mar-
ket, the consideration might be just whether we
would be very liberal; but we have got many
bonds undoubtedly to negotiate in the market.
Those people who have come forward must come
forward again. Is it worth while for us to say to
them, " We will be niggardly with you; it is very
true you came forward and subscribed for this
loan when it was at par; it has appreciated a little;
we will not let you have it; we will make the
money out of it; you shall run the risk,but if
there is any profit we will put it into our pocket?"
I appeal to the Senator from New York if he
would think that a very liberal or just mercantile
transaction. 1 know the point he aims at. I
know he is desirous of saving everything he can
to the Government. So am I if H can fairly be
done; but while we do that we must be very care-
ful that we do not defeat the very object we aim
at, and that is to get from our citizens a sufficient
amount of money to answer the purposes of the
Government in this great struggle.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to say to the honor-
able Senator from New Hampshire that every
subscuber to this loan, in whatever part of the
country, was, on that last day, told that it was
uncertain whether he could leceive his bonds;
that the money would be taken undoubtedly sub-
ject to be returned if there was an excess. I will
say also to the Senator from Ohio that I never
hoaid of a popular loan for which the bids were
not. in excess; but the Government always found
means of returning the excess and reducing the
amount to the proper sum. Very frequently in
the States, when a loan of two or three million is
advertised, four or five million are bid for. Of
couise the actual amount required is the only
amount issued. I think there will be no difficulty
in tins case; but still there may be. I am not
aware of the difficulties raised by the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will remark to the Sena-
tor that this is entirely different from a loan where
the bids are all opened at one place, and where
the lowest bidders are first taken,and so on up the
scale until the loan is exhausted. Here the loan
was subscribed all over the country, and the
money was authorized to be deposited anywhere
within the United States in the depositories of the
United States, at St. Louis, Cincinnati, and vari-
ous other places. It would be impossible, theie-
fore, to tell even by telegraph precisely when the
loan was exhausted. We could not ascertain
when the $500,000,000 was taken, except by a
comparison with the books at the Treasury office.
They could not tell it in New York, they could
not tell it in Philadelphia, or anywhere, until by
comparison at Washington they ascertained that
the loan was taken; and that I understand was
done on the 27th day of January last. Perhaps
I do not give the piecise date; but I think that
was the date; and that very day telegraphic dis-
patches were sent all over the country to stop the
subscriptions to this loan; but it was found that
nearly ten or eleven millions were subscribed in
excess, and the money was paid in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
New York.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAYIS. I will renew the proposition of
the Senator from Indiana as an amendment, in
line fifteen of the first section to strike out " six,"
and insert "five," so as to make the rate of in-
terest five per cent, instead of six. Upon that
proposition 1 wish to say a word. This bill au-
thorizes the borrowing of $200,000,000. The dif-
ference between five and six per cent, interest upon
it is $2,000,000, a sum well worth the attention
of the Senate if it can be saved. Whether a finan-
cial measure of this character should contain a limit
upon the rate of interest at which it should be ne-
gotiated, and what that limit should be, depends
altogether upon the state of the money market.
I take it for granted that there cannot be any
doubt upon this proposition, that there is a very
large mass of capital in the United States seeking
investment in Government securities, and at the
present time that the amount which the owners of
that capital thus desire to invest is largely above
these $200,000,000. I think, then, that there
would be no doubt whatever that the Govern-
ment would be able to negotiate the loan of these
$200,000,000 at five per cent, in the present state
of the money market, unless, as in this case, the
bill permits the Secretary of the Treasury to ne-
gotiate the loan at six per cent. My belief is that
when a large amount of money is to be loaned,
and the Government is to go into the market, in
the position in which it is at present, for the pur-
pose of borrowing, that the maximum rate of in-
terest at which the loan is permitted to be made
will m every ease be found to be the minimum;
and thc\t if six per cent, is authorized by the terms
of the bill to be given by the Secretary of the
Treasury, he will not be able to negotiate it for a
less rate of interest.
I reach that conclusion upon this reasoning;
moneyed men that desire the investment of their
capital will combine against theGovernmentand
against the Treasury. They will enter into a
secret arrangement among themselves by which
they will take the whole of the $200,000,000 or a
large proportion of it. They will make secret ar-
rangements by which they will divideitoutamong
themselves upon the understanding that they are
to force the Secretary to give the six per cent, in-
terest, and in that way they will be able to coerce
and to control the Secretary of the Treasury to
come up to that rate of interest. Why? They
look into the law; they see that Congress contem-
plates that the Secretary may be forced to nego-
tiate at the interest of six per cent.; they know
that the Secretary will, if he cannot get it at a less
rate of interest, agree to give that rate; they com-
bine among themselves to an extent that enables
them to control his action in relation to the loan
and to coerce and to compel him to give the six
per cent.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Morgan]
I have no doubtis familiar withstich transactions,
and he knows how a combination of capital in
that way will coerce the agents of the Govern-
ment and the Secietnry of the Treasury in nego-
tiating large amounts uponaloan. "But if the law
itself contained an express and positive prohibi-
tion that the loan should not be negotiated at a
greater rate than five per cent., those capitalists
would at once perceive that their desire and their
combination to obtain itata greater rate of interest
could not be made available, that it would not be
practicable,and therefore they would refrain from
entering into such a combination. But the amount
of money in the country seeking investment in
Government stocks being so large and the secu-
rities of the United States being so much more
desirable to men who hold capital than to hold on
to the greenbacks themselves, when they looked
into the law and discovered that five per cent, was
the maximum rate which the Secretary of the
Treasury was allowed to give, they would im-
mediately come to that rate, and take the loan at
five per cent. In my judgment, if this bill is not
made to assume that form, and there is not a pos-
itive and absolute restriction upon the discretion
of the Secretary of the Treasury that he shall not
negotiate the loan at a greater interest than five
per cent., ascertain as six is allowed by the terms
of the bill, that will be the interest that will be
agreed upon by the Secretary and capitalists, be-
cause capitalists by a strong combination will
coerce and force him up to that rate of interest.
Under this view of the case, I think the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hen-
dricks] is judicious. There might be a state of
the money market in which that should not be
the limit. There might be and often is a state of
the money market when probably there ought
to be no limit; but with the full and perfect knowl-
edge which the Senate have of the present state
of the money market and the amount of plethora
in it in the form of greenbacks, the interest on this
loan being bound to be paid in gold or its equiva-
lent, it seems to me it would be unwise in the Sen-
ate of the United States not to fix the limit at five
per cent, as the maximum, because I have the
most perfect conviction that the loan could be ob-
tained at that rate, and if that is not the rate es-
tablished inflexibly by the bill that the loan will
not be negotiated for less than six per cent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. DAYIS. On that I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 6, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messr«. Buckalew, Davis, Hendricks, Powell,
Saulsbury, and Wright—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony,Carlile, Chandler, Clark,Con-
ness, Cowan, Dixon, Dooliule, Fessenden, Foster,Crimes,
Harding, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, John-
son, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Nesmith. Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, Wade,
Willey, and Wilson—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is the report of the second committee of confer-
ence on the bill (H. R. No. 122) to increase the
internal revenue, and for other purposes; upon
which the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
submitted the following resolution:
Resolved^ That the Senate further insist on its amend-
ments, disagreed to by the House, and ask another confer-
ence; and the conferees on the part of the Senate are in-
stiueted to agree to proper amendments to the amendments
of the Senate disagreed to by the House, providing for a
tax of twenty cents a gallon on spirits on hand.
Mr. SHERMAN. After consultation, I have
concluded to withdraw the instruction asked for,
with a view to let the House of Representatives
act on the subject in the first instance. I simply
ask that the report of the committee of confer-
ence showing the disagreement be concurred in,
so that it may go to the House of Representa-
tives for that House to take a definite position.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will in-
quire of the Senator what-there is for the Senate
to concur in ?
Mr. SHERMAN. There is nothing. I with-
draw the resolution containing the instructions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It seems to the
Chair that there isnoqucstion for theSenateupon
the-report of the committee of conference. The
committee simply report the fact of their disagree-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the bill, with the report,
ought to be sent to the House of Representatives,
and that House may then ask for another con-
ference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator may
submit that motion, that the report and bill be
sent to the House of Representatives.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do submit that motion,
that the report and bill be sent to the House of
Representatives for action; and then they may ask
for a further confcrence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio that the
bill and report be sent to the House of Represent-
atives.
The motion was agreed to.
E. F. AND SAMUEL A. WOOD.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now I ask the Senate to
indulge me by taking up and passing bill No. 105,
which I wished to get up in the morning hour. I
move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
105) for the relief of E. P. and Samuel A. Wood
was read the second time, and considered as in
