•2908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J tine IS,
the Senator from Wisconsin to Bay why he pro-
poses this modification.
Mr. HOWE. It is a question whether this does
"Modify the £ct; the Senator from Michigan thinks
itdoes not. It i&explanatory-.. The act as passed-
"(SXtends the tinie for completing the Marquette
nnd Ontonagon railroad, and it is a little difficult
perhaps to determine what" the Marquette and
Ontonagon railroad is. There was a grant of
lands made to construct a railroad from Bay de
Jioquette to Marquette and thence to Ontonagon.
J Mr. HENDRICKS; Was there a Senate bill
on- the subject?
Mr'. HOWjE. .Yes, sir; but theSenate.bill—
" Mr. HENDRICKS. That is how I was mis-
led about it.. It was the Senate bill that I re-
ported . .
Mr,: HOWARD. It is all fight.
The joint, resolution was read three times, and
passed.
DUTIES ON IMPOSTS.
Mr.ElCSSENDEN. -I now l'ene^r my motion
to proceed to the consideration of the joint reso-
lution (H. H. -No. 81) arrfendatory of the joint
'Resolution to increase temporarily the duties on
imports, approved April 29, 1864.
'Mr; S^MNBR. On the question of taking
Up the joint resolution of-the Senator from Maine,
3 wish merely to matte a single remark. That
resolution is of such a character that I cannot
doubt the Senate ought-to act on it at once. I do
not kno~w that there is any business which should
takfe precedence of it. Butwlien the Senator sug-
gested that he proposed immediately after that to
go on With the fortification bill, 1 felt disposed to
remind him of what I think lie wti! remember
Tell from liirrf on Friday or Saturday, that he
would leave this week for other business. Now,
itsohappens that there are several questions that
the Senate is midway in the discussion of, one
that my colleague has in charge and another
■which 1 have in charge—the bill to establish a
Bureau'of Fre'edrheri—and' I confess my great
anxiety that nothing should be allowed to push
that out of the way until it i3 finally decided.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot make two mo-
tions at the same time. The only motion I now
make is to proceed to the consideration of the
joint resolution in relation to the duties on im-
ports. When that shall be disposed of, the next
motion I Will make will bring up for considera-
tion another matter.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WAtlE. I rise to give notice thaton Fri-
day next at one o'clock I shall move to take up
House bill No. 244, and shall give the Senate
very little peace until they have acted upon it.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 13,1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. Chinimjy, of Kankakee, Illinois.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and ap-
proved.
REPORT OP SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The Speaker laid before the House a letter from
Professor Henry, transmitting the report of the
Smithsonian Institution for 1863; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COX moved that the usual extra number
of copies be printed; three thousand for the use
of the House, and two thousand for the use of
the Smithsonian Institution; which motion was re-
ferred,under the law, to the Committee on Print-
ing.
ARMY OFFICERS IN CONGRESS.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privilege.
The Committee of Elections, to whom was rg-
ferre&a message of the President of the United
States, o('25th April, 1864, in reference to a mil-
itary appointment of Hon. Francis P. Blair, jr.,
representing the first congressional district of
Missouri it) the present House; and also another
message of the President of the United States, of
2d May, 1864, transmitting certain letters, notes
telegrams, orders, and other documents concern-
ing the same general matter, has instructed me
to make a report, and ask that it be laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
The resolutions reported by the committee are
as follows:
Resolved., That Robert C. Schenck. havinir resigned
the office of major general of volunteers which he then held
on tli£ J3th day of November, 1863, which resignation was
accepted November *21, 1883, to take effect December 5,
1863, was not, by reason of having held wich-office, dis-
qualified from holding a scat as ft Representative' in the
Thirty-Eighth Congress, whose first session commenced on
,tW 7th day of December, 1863.
ResoJpcrf, That Francis P. Blair, jr., by continuing to hold
the office of major general of volunteers to which he was
appointed November 29,1862, and to discharge the duties
thereof till January 1,1864, the date of his resignation, did
thereby decline and disqualify himself to hold the office of
Representative in the Thirty-Eighth Congress, the first
.session of which commenced on the first Monday in De-
cember, 1863. •
The repoTt was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
PA* OF, SOLDIERS.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported baek the bill of the Senate
(No. 145) to equalize the pay of soldiers in the
United States Army, with the amendments ofthe
House, disagreed to by the Senate, thereto.
- Mr. SCHENCK. I will explain the character
of the report to the House, showing the reason
why we ask for a committee of conference instead
of reporting amendments to the amendments.
Senate bill No. 145, to equalize the pay of sol-
d.ers in the United States Army—that is, to equal-
ize the pay of colored'soldiers and white soldiers
—was passed by the Senate. In this House the
Committee on Military Affairs reported as an
amendment a provision raising the pay of all the
soldiers in the Army. While this was pending,
the original bill of the Senate was introduced by
the Senate and concurred in by the House, as an
amendment to an appropriation bill. This dis-
posed of all there was of the original Senate bill,
and the bill went back to the Senate with the
amendment of the House striking out all of the
original bill and inserting a provision increasing
the pay of the soldiers.
The Senate have amended the amendment of
the House in several particulars. The Commit-
tee on Military Affairs are satisfied with some of
the Senate amendments, but desire to modify
others. The amendments of the Senate, however,
being amendments to an amendment, any further
amendment would be in the third degree, and it
would therefore not be in order for the Military
Committee to report further amendments.
i am instructed, therefore, to ask the House to
non-concur in the amendments of the Senate to
the House amendment, and ask for a committee
of conference for the purpose of enabling us to
introduce amendments which cannot now be in-
troduced because they would be amendments in
the third degree. ^
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
thereupon appointed Messrs. Sciienck, Kel-
logg of Michigan, and Rollins of Missouri, as
sucn committee on the part of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House agreed to request a com-
mittee of conference on the bill; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AltMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I present the following report of the com-
mittee of conference on the Army appropriation
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the di&agreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
108) making appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending the iiOtli of June, 18t>5, having met, after
fill! and free conference have agreed to recommend and do
recommend to their respective Houses as follows:
Tij.it the IIousu recede from their amendments to the
seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
eighth amendment ofthe Senate and agree to the same with
an amendment follows, and the Senate,agree to the same.
Strike out all after the enacting clause (beingsection four)
and insert in lieu thereof as follows:
That oil persons o!" color who were free on the 19th day
of April, 1861, and who have been -enlisted and mustered
into the militaiy service of the United States, shall from
the tun? ot th«n enlistment be entitled to receive the *ame
pay, bounty, and clothing allowed to such persons by the
law existing at the time of thpir enlistment. And the At-
torney General of the United States is hereby authorized
to determine any question of law arising under this pro-
vision. And if the Attorney General aforesaid shall determ-
ine that any of such enlisted persons are entitled to re-
ceive any pay, bounty, or clothing in addition to what they
have aheady received, the Secretaiy of War shall make
all necessary regulations to enable the pay department tu
make payment, in accordance with such provision.
That the Senate recede from their ninth amendment.
T. O. HOWE,
L. M. MORRILL,
C. R. BUOKALEVV,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THADDEUS STEVENS,
TIIOMAS T. DAVIS,
Managers on the part of the Howe.
Mr. STEVENS. It wilt be recollected that the
main difference between the Senate and the House
was in regard to the pay of colored soldiers. The
Senate put it upon the ground of a special contract
aside from the law. The House put it upon the
ground that all weie entitled to be paid alike with-
out regard to special contract. The Attorney
General had given an opinion in conformity with
the opinion of the House. The Senate would not
recede from their position unless it was determined
formally that the position of the House was in
accordance with the law. The House commit-
tee finally agreed to put it upon the legal question,
and to make the Attorney General the judge of
that question, compelling the War Department to
pay according to that opinion, which, unless the
Attorney General alters his written opinion, will
be just what the House lmd decided before.
So much for the main point. The first amend-
ment which the House had reported was one of
form more than anything else. It limited the
bounty to §100, where it was fixed by law. The
House receded from that.
The third amendment of the Senate to which
the House recede from their disagreement allowed
fifteen dollars, according to some regulation of
the War Department, to anybody who enlisted
one of these colored soldiers, whether slave or
free. This would involve the expenditure of a
very large amount of money, as we thought un-
necessarily, and the House refused to allow it.
The Senate receded from that amendment.
Mr. HOLM AN. Do I understand that the At-
torney General has already decided that all these
colored soldiers who have enlisted are entitled to
the same pay as white soldiersr ■
Mr.STEVENS. Hehasalready madea writ-
ten opinion, which has been printed, to thateffect.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then why not so declare by
act of Congress as well as to arrive at the result
in this roundabout way?
Mr. STEVENS. Because the House decided
as the Attorney General did; and as we were to
adhere to the decision of the House, and the Sen-
ate would not agree to it, we put it in the other
shape so that the Senate might come to us.
Mr. MORRILL. As I-understand the report
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania it
amounts to this: by the former report of the con-
ference committee made by me, we gave full pay
to all of the colored soldiers who had received any
assurance that they were to have full pay, and
left the remainder to the adjudication of the proper
legal authorities of the Government, and if they
were entitled to it under the adjudication of those
officers they were to receive it. As I understand
the report of the gentleman from Pennsylvania it
is the same thing only in different language. All
colored soldiers who were free in 1861 are to re-
ceive full pay, and if, under the opinion of the
Attorney General, the others are entitled under
the law they also are to receive full pay. As the
formerreport, with the help of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, was almost unanimously rejected,
and as he lias now made the same report, 1 hope,
with his help, that it will be adopted unanimously.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Ver-
mont is mistaken. By the report made by the
committee of which he was chairman he selected
the cases where special contract had been made
by the War Department, and they were to be
paid absolutely. All the rest were left, not to the
decision of the Attorney General, but to the law.
Between the Attorney General and the Solicitor
General there is a difference of opinion; and we
have selected the one that agreed with us, and
rejected the opinion of the other one, that the War
Department would have acted on if we had not
pointed out the Attorney General as the deciding
officer.
It also turned out when we came to examine
the matter that there is a great difference as to
whom promises had been mado by tho War De-
