THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the duties on imported goods less than fifty per
cfelit. on the "present rates. If that be so, 1 ask
Senators whether it would be wise to encourage
importations by making now a temporary rate of
increase, less than the permanent fate of increase?
As soon as importers satisfy themselves that the
rate of increase we are now imposing is less than
'lie permanent rat® of increase, tfrey will-urge
forward importations during the sixty days- al-
lgViced. ■ The consequence wil.1 be that you,will
encourage immediate importation in order to  yoM
the laEgeiy. increased rates of,the new tariff act.
The very purpose. o£ this resolution is to prevent
large importations to avoid the increased duties.
I do not think an increased taxation of thirty-
three per cent, will be enouglt. It would be
enough in ordinary times; but in these wartimes,
when we mwt have money, I do not believe it
will be enough. I do not thin-kthe Senate ought
to decrease the rate of taxation fixed in this; res-
olution. I would rather increase it myself, the
House having fixed it at fifty per cent. That
will not operate burdensomely upon any one.
Nearly all the imported goods that are used in
.manufacturing are on the free list or pay but a
very small rate of duty, for instance, wool of
the cheaper grades pays but five per cent, and
the increase will be very trivial.
Nearly all the articles that pay a high rate of
duty are articles of luxury—silks, wines, and
liquors of various kinds. Coffee pays a pretty
high rate of duty ,nbw, butan increase of fifty per
cent, on that I do not think will be very burden-
some. The great body of the people are using
substitutes for coffee even under the present law.
The consumption of coffee has very much fallen
off; but that is an exceptional article. Take
wines, silks, and spirits, on which the great bodv
of the import duties are levied. An increase of
fifty per cent, on them will not be burdensome,
because it will fall on people, who are perfectiv
able to pay it.
_ I feel very much interested, therefore, in keep-
ing the rate of duty at fifty per cent. If it is
deemed wise to oxcept those goods that are in
warehouse, { do not care much about that; be-
cause, in my judgment, nearly one half of tiiose
goods will be withdrawn yesterday and to-day
and if you get up a controversy between the two'
Houses on this rate of taxation, all of them will
be withdrawn from warehouse and it will not
make much difference. I would rather pass the
resolution to-duy as a revenue measure without
any amendment whatever, and then we shall
have a law fixing the rate of increase, and we
will gel some benefit from it. But an increase of
thirty-three per cent, for sixty days, without ex-
tending tont ta)c to goods on hand in bonded ware-
house, it seems to me is not so great an obiect
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly there a're
many articles upon which the rates of dutv in the
new tariff bill will not only be fifty per cent, but
laiger. There is no question about that, and it
ik so fixed in the present internal revenue bill.
Lilt the Senate will reflect that there are many
articles imported which do not come in competi-
tion With ours at all, which we do not manufac-
ture in this country, and which do not come
within the internal revenue in any shape or form
and upon winch the rate of duly imposed will
operate very harshly. It was with reference to
all the articles m the tariff and not with reference
to silks and wines and a few aitieles on which
very high duties may be imposed that the reso-
lution was framed. Take the article of silks, for
instance. The internal revenue tax applies to
only one establishment, I believe, in the whole
country. 1 a,ce theforeign liquors. Theyareonly
taxed because they come in competition with our
own liquors under llie internal revenue bill, but
that does not apply to the wines. It applies to
some kinds of spirituous liquorsunqiiestioiiably.
With regard to the article of silks, that will
not be affected much any way. Are Senators
awure that within a very few years since we
passed our last tariff and raised the duty so much
if 1 am correctly informed—1 have not examined'
the subject very closely, but I obtained my in-
formation at the Treasury Department—the im-
poitations of silks have fallen off from some ten
or twelve millions annually to less than half a
million r And yet there never was stich a quantity
of silks in this country as at the present moment.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator will allow me,
April 28,
the amount imported before the last tariff was
over thirteen millions a year, and the amount im-
ported during the year "ending the 30th of June,
1862, was only $300,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the reason of
it? The reason is that we have placed our du-
ties so high that all the silks that come 'into the
country come in by smuggling. They go to
Canada. There are silks enough sent to Canada
and the other British provinces to supply a pop-
ulation of fifteen or twenty millions, and they
come into this country over the line. We have
got to legislate on that subject before we adjourn
if we are to get any duties on silks. We get
none in point of fact at this present moment, and
the more you increase the duties until you pass
a new act, the less revenue you will get. The
argument of the Senator therefore does not apply.
All these things are to be considered. If his ar-
gument with regard to the internal revenue bill
applied to all the articles in it, it would be con-
clusive; but because it applies to a few excep-
tional articles it by no means operates to the ex-
tent he supposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made in Com-
mittee of the Whole, on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buek.Uew, Clark, Cowan, Davis, Fes-
senden, Foster, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson,
Mcfiougall, Morgan, Powell, Riddle, Ten Eyck, Van
Winkle, and YVilloy—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Carlile, Chandler, Collamer,
ConnesSj Doolittle, Foot, Hale, Harlan, Howard, Howe
Larje or Indiana, .Lane of Kansas, Nesmfth, Porneroy
Ramsey, Sherman, Sprugue, Sumner, Wilkinson,and Wil-
son—21. '
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on concurring in the next amendment made
in committee, which was in line six, after the word
" imported " to insert the following woids: " from
foreign countries, except goods, wares, merchan-
dise, and articles now in the public stores or
bonded warehouse."
Mr. CONNESS. I hope now, since the first
amendment was not concurred in, that we will
pass the resolution as it came to us fiom the
House of Representatives.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. HALE I hope so.
Mr. HOWARD. I cannot vote for that ex-
ception. By voting for that exception I vote to
exonerate and exempt from the increased taxation
goods which are now bonded and in warehouses
in New York and other places of importation.
Upon what principle of justice or equality is it
that gentlemen ask us toexempt the goods which
are now bonded and in warehouse? Is not this
an immediate and inevitable result of the exemp-
tion that it produces an increase of the price of
the value of those goods thus in bond proportion-
ate t8 the increase of duties which we impose upon
goods which are not yet entered and which may
be in transitu with a view to be introduced into
the country ? In other words, it strikes me that
by voting for this exception I give a premium to
the owners of the bonded goods amounting to
about the sum by which we increase the duties
upon goods not yet imported or bonded. I can-
not agree to do any such thing. I see no justice
in it. 1 do not know what amount of goods tlieie
are in bond in the United Slates at present, and
I would thank the honotable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, if he has that information, to
lay it before the Senate, so that the public may
make an estimate or at least an approximation
of the amount of this premium which weare about
to put into the pockets of the owners of the bonded
goods in the shape of an increased price.
Most of these goods, if I understand it prop-
erly,areowned by English and French importers,
and piobably the larger share of them are owned
by English merchants. I do not feel ambitious
at this time to give English merchants and Eng-
lish capitalists a premium for bringing theii °-oods
here. I do not see the necessity of paying°Eng-
lish merchants .such a compliment as thisTwhiTe j
they and their Government from the beginning of i
this war to the present time have shown every '
disposition short of actual hostility to annoy and
embarrass the Government of my country, i will
not pay thern for this insult, and I do not believe
the Senate will reward them for their injuries to
us. I putit upon this ground, that by making this
exemption we put a premium into the pockets of
the owners of foreign goods now in bond within
the United States, a premium of fifty per cent.,
according to the terms of this joint resolution. I
ask those gentlemen "tin the other side of the
Chamber who claim to be Democrats, and who
are so fond of equality in the laws, whether it is
entirely consistent with their professions to pay
such a premium as this, not in the main to our
own countrymen, which would be less objection-
able, but to those whose sympathies are all against
us, and who will laugh in their sleeves at the Dem-
ocratic simplicity that shall undertake to justify
such a measure as this.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, there is
such a word as public faith often used and quite
as frequently abused. It is not exactly true, as
is assumed by the Senator from Michigan, that
the importers in the United States are either
Frenchmen or Englishmen in the major part. We
have large commercial cities, and we import our
merchandise from abroad, and we did it long be-
fore this Republic was established. They are
our own people who conduct this business in
Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, San
Francisco, if you please, and the other importing
cities of the Union. When they have occasion
to order the merchandise of Europe or of Asia,
if you please, they are supposed to understand
the law as it then exists and what will be the tax
in the ports of this country upon the merchandise
they import. There is a certain amount of pub-
lic faith pledged to them that when they purchase
goods abroad, investing their own fortunes in the
enterprise, that they may introduce them into our
ports according to the laws as they exist at the
time they act in the first- instance; and therefore
it lias been the practice of this Government in
changing revenue laws to allow not only for goods
in warehouse, but for goods in transit a period
for their arrival, so that the importer m good faith
shall not be damaged by a change of law between
the time when the goodsare shipped from abroad
and the time they arrive at the home ports. Such
has been the practice of this Government in the
change of its revenue laws, and such is good pub-
lic faith.
The merchant who purchases m Liverpool or
in Manchester or in Havre, or in any foreign port,
always purchases with reference to the amount
of tax assessed upon him if he intends to sell his
merchandise in our country. He may biing it
here simply to send to the South American pons,
or other porta, which isasmall portion ofour im-
portations; but if he intends to sell at home he
contracts for the tariff upon the merchandise as
much as he does upon the price in the market of
purchase. His merchandise comes here. Five
hundred ships are afloat to-day bringing the. mer-
chandise of all parts of the world to the poits of
the Republic. To the amount of taxation on that
merchandise arriving in oui poits it is proposed
now, while those vessels are in transit, to add fiuy
per cent. They have the right, as it is assumed
they understood the law, to introduce that mer-
chandise, if it is in transit, and much more so if
it bo in warehouse, for that is an exact contract,
because the faith of the Government is pledged
to its being introduced into our ports upon the
tei ms exisnng at the time they ordered or shipped
it fiom the foreign port. That has been the rule.
For myself, sir, 1 think that this is an assault
upon all the commercial bodies and interests of
the country. It is an assault upon every Ameri-
can importer, and waging a battle in favor of cer-
tain local home interests as against our com-
mercial interests. We are a manufacturing and
we are a commercial people; we construct fabrics
at home and we import fabrics from abroad; and
we have thought that the competition between
foreign productions and our own productions was
a leguimatearid healthy one. This kind of legis- ♦
lation will aim a sudden blow at vast interests,
and in my judgment will rum thousands of our
largest meichants; it will be an act of injustice
and a breach of public faith.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FOSTER called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered"; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 19, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bucfcalew, Garble, Clark. OoUamer,
