19U
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
through out-the county of Washington, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, without the limits of the cities
of -Washington and Georgetown; which was or-
dered to be printed, and recommitted to the Com-
mittee, for the District of Columbia.
OitPUAKS IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr, PATTERSON'also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to authorize the bailiff of the
orphans' court, in the county of Washington, in
th<e District of Columbia, to serve process issued
by said court, and for other purposes; which
■was read a "first and second time, and*referred to
the Committee 011 the District of Columbia.
INTERNAL REVENDE BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union upon the-epecral-order.
The motion wets-agreed to.
■ So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Washburne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order, be-
ing the internal revenue bill, commencing with
reserved" section one hundred and seventy.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend section
one-hundred and seventy, in line seven,by strik-
ing out the word "or" aftgrthe word "district"
and inserting in lieu thereof the words "and to
•any assistant assessors of the United States, or,"
so as to provide that the Commissioner shall sup-
ply ihe assistant assessors, as well as the collect-
ors aud assessors, with a suitable amount of
stamped vellum, parchment, &c. This amend-
ment will render section one hundred and fifty-
two unnecessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move to strike out
section one hundred and fifty-two, that section
being rendeied unnecessary by the amendment
%ve hare just adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move to insert the
following section in place of the section which
has just been stricken out;
And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to
record any instrument', document, or paper required by law
to be stamped, unless the proper stamp shall have been af-
fixed, and the record of any such instrument upon winch
the proper stamp shall not have been affixed shall be ut-
terly void and shall not be u*ed in evidence.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I am also instructed by the
committee to offer un additional section, the
proper place for which is on page 53, ju«t before
the heading " spirits, ale, and porter.'4 The sec-
tion is as follows:
Jind he it further enacted. Thru all assessors and their
assistant assessors, all collectois and their deputies, and
all Inspectors, arc hereby authorized to administer oaths
and take evidence touching any pait of the administration
of tins law with which they are respectively chatged, and
where such oaths and evidence are by law authorized to
to be taken ; and any perjury therein shall be punished m
like manner and to the same degree us in eased of perjuty
committed in proceedings of tne couils of the United
States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In order to perfect section
one hundred and seventy there should be inserted
after the word " assessorMon line twelve the words
"Assistant Treasurer of the United States;" so
that it will read:
Sec. 170. And 6e it further enacted, That m any collcc •
tion district where, in the judgment'of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, th" facilities for the procurement and
distribution of stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, and
adhesive stamps, are or shall he insufficient, the Oommis-
ksionei, as aforesaid, is authorized to furnish, supply, and
deliver to the collector and assessors of any such di^tuet,
oi any po^tina^ter, a suitable quantity or amount of stamped
vellum, parchment, or paper, and adhesive stamps, without
prepay mcnt therefor, and shall allow the lushest rate of
commissions allowed by law to any other patties purchas-
ing the ,v,ime,and may in advance require of any such eol-
ieetoi, assessor, ASastant Treasurer of the United riiatc>,
or postmaster a bond, with sufficient sureties, to an amount
equal to the value of any stamped vellum, parchment, or
paper, ami adhesive .stamps which maybe placed in his
hands and remain unaccounted for, conditioned for the
faithful return, whenever  o n-quired, of all quantities or
amounts undisposed of, and fur the p<\v meat, monthly, of all
quantities or amount*, sold or not, remaining on hand, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The next subject reserved
was section one hundred and six, jn regard to
banks.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I move to add to that
section the following provisos:
Provided, That every person and every hank, associa-
tion, or corpoiation issuing notes,bills, or other obligations
calculated or intended to circulate as money, unless thereto
authoiized by act of Confess, shall pay a dutyot one
fourth of one per cent, each month on the amount ol such
notes, bills, or other obligations so issued by said persou,
hank, association, or coipoiation, or which having been
issued shall remain in circulation; and shall, on the first
Monday of each and every month, make and deliver to the
assessor of the district in which such bank, association, or
corpoiation ma> be located, or in which such person may
reside, a true and accuiate leturn of the amount of notes,
bills, or other obligations so issued, whether in ciicnlation
or in its vaults, or elsewhere in possession or on deposit,
and shall annex to ev.eiy such return a declaration, with
the oath or affirmation of such person, or of the president
or cashier of such bank, association, or corporation, in such
form and manner as may be directed by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, that the same contains a true aud
faithful statement of the amount of circulation as afore-
said; aud shall deliveraeopyof said return to the collector
of the district in which said person resides, or in which the
said bank,association,or coiporation i< located; and shall,
within ten days from the fii^t Monday in each and every
month, pay to said collector the said duty oi one fourth of
one per cent, on the amount so returned; and for any neg-
lect to render or make such return and payment as afore-
said. every such person, bank, association, or corporation
shall pay a penalty of one per cent, on the amount of notes,
bills, or other obligations issued a-^ aforesaid, which amount
shall, in default of the proper return, be estimated by the
assessor, upon the best information he can obtain; and
every such penalty may be recovered for the use of the
United States in aiiy court ot competent jurisdiction: And
provided further. That jitter six months from the passage
of this act it shall he unlawful lor any person, bank, asso-
ciation, or corpoiation to issue or circulate notes or other
obligations designed or calculated to circulate as money
unless authorized thereto by act of Congress.
Mr. HOLM AN. I rise to a question of order.
Tho amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Illinois is a bill already pending in the House,
and 1 suggest to the gentleman from Illinois that
if he strikes out that feature of this amendment
which excepts notes issued by hanks established
under authority of an act of Congress, it would
relieve the difficulty.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that this is not the same bill that is pending before
the Htmse; but if it wore, the Chair does not know
of any rule that would prevent its being offered
as an amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. It has been so decided.
The CHAIRMAN. The question does not
arise in this case, as the amendment is not the
same as the bill pending in the House. The bill
has been altered in several particulars.
Mr. RICE. I rise to a point of order. Is this
one of the sections passed over with the under-
standing that it should be reserved?
Mr. MORRILL. It is.
The CHAIRMAN. This is one of the sections
which was reserved by the committee for future
consideration.
Mr. FARNSWORTH." The principal object
of my amendment is to compel the State banks
to withdraw their circulation from the country.
The biil which I offer as an amendment is sub-
stantially,although I have made some alterations
in it, pending before the House. I have modified
U by inserting a provision to require these banks
to pay one fourth of one percent., notonly upon
the money which they have issued during the
month, but upon their circulation which may
have been issued and is still out in circulation.
Mr. BROOMALL. Will thegentlemau allow
mt) to ask him a question ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have only five min-
utes, and cannot yield. *
Now, sir, in reference to this matterl apnea! to
every member upon this floor from the West to
aid me in incorporating this amendment into the
bill. There is no member upon this floor from
any one of the western States, I apprehend, who
does not know very well that his constituents are
suffering from the shmplaster concerns of the
country—the rotten State banks which are flood-
ing the country with shmplasters.
.Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman tell us why
the West?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will tell the gentle-
man why the West. Because every rotten bank
which is established in New England or New
York or any where in the eastern country sends
its shinplasters to the western country for the
purchase of the produce of the western States.
Mr. ODELL. We have no such institutions
in New York.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. In Illinois we have
had periodically once from every two to five years
a general smash.of all the bank ciiculation of that
State, not only of the circulation of the banks of
that State but of the circulation of the banks of
other States.
Now, the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] who is so scrupulous in regard to this mat-
ter of maintaining the credit of the Government
and inducing the sale of United States bonds
for the establishment of United States banks will
certainly join me in curtailing the circulation of
the State banks of the country. The provision
that I have drawn provides that all banks which
are not authorized by act of Congress shall with-
draw their circulation in six months.
It may be said by some gentlemen that that is
too soon. I think not. 1 think that half a year is
long enough for any one of these banks to with-
draw its circulation—too long altogether for the
people, too long for the country. I wish my-
self they could be compelled to withdraw their
circulation in a month. If we wish to maintain
the credit of the Government, if we must have
banks, as we must undoubtedly have during the
war, let us have sound banks; let us have a bank
currency that will be recognized in the next town
when we start from home—a currency that will
be recognized in New York, Philadelphia, Bos-
ton, New Orleans, Chicago, or any other part of
the United States. ' In the lemote West—indeed
not in the remote West, but in Illinois, in Mich-
igan, in Indiana, in Wisconsin, in Iowa—in the
multiplicity of bank issues which flood the coun-
try there, the question as to the solvency of the
bank, as to where the bank is located, and espe-
cially now when the banks are notrequired to re-
deem with gold and silver, is lost sight of.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERNAN. 1 oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois. The gentleman
boldly avows that the object is to suppress State
banks. He must know that the courts of the
United States have held that the States have a
perfect right to create these banks; and wheie is
the power in Congress to suppress them? The
gentleman appeals to the members from the west-
em States on account of alleged objections to their
local banks. He knows that the people of those
States can have banks or not as they see fit; and
their Legislatures are the bodies to carry out the
will of their people. It is not the provinceof the
Federal Government to destroy State banking
institutions. If it be true that in certain States
the people wish to suppress the State banks,
should they come here and suppress also the banks
in other States where the people are better satis-
fied with their State banks than with the proposed
so-called national banks ?
The State banks are by the bill without this
amendment taxed on their deposits one eighth ot
one percent, every six months,and on then*cap-
ita! one fourth of one per cent, every six months.
They are also subject to all taxation in the States
for State and municipal purposes, while the na-
tional banks are exempted from State and muni-
cipal taxation. Sir, this effort tu crush ihe State
banks will not strengthen the credit of the Gov-
ernment. It will create dissatisfaction beyond
anything that has occurred in legislation,andin-
jure and derange the business of the country. I
I beg leave to read a letter from the superintendent
of banking in the State of New York, a Repub-
lican official, dated 19th April.
The letter was read, as follows:
Bank Department, Albany, April 19, 1864.
To the Editors of ihe Post;
In several leeent issues of > our paper! have observed that
you aoenbe the present iniLuion of the currency to the cir-
culation of the State hank*. As jou make no exception in
regard to the banks ot this rftafe. it is a hur conclusion that
you embrace them in your censuie; and m this spirit you
call upon Congress '• to tax out of eyi,fentc the Slate hank
paper v.hick h'/s caused this present inflation.*' I look upon
it as not a little singular that, in journal? of conceded fair-
ness, this inflation !:> ascribed soielytothe currency issued
by State banks. The Secretary of the Treasury stands
confessedly at the fountain-head ot irredeemable paper.
He issues nundieds of million."* in u greenbacks," in iegal
tendoi, in Treasury ceitificato?, aud in certificates of in-
debtedness.
In addition, nearly all the cuirency that can be furnished
by the " national banks'" is borrowed by the Tieasuryand
I sent to distant points, where it is pat in coculation by
Government agents. Now, I do not say that the y«eietnry
of the Treasuiy has paid out one dollai, either of national
or private cuticncy, not demanded by the puniic exigen-
cies. But in the face of facts so notoiious, why attempt
to separate effect from cause? Why bingle out the State
