8.88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. NtcoLAY,
his Private Secretary; also a message notifying
the House that he had approved and signed, on
the 27th ultimo, bills and resolutions of the fol-
lowing titles:
An act (H. R. No. 26) reviving the grade of
lieutenant general in the United States Army;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 42) authorizing
the payment of prize money, due to Commander
AbnerRead, United States Navy, to his widow,
Constance Read; and
An act (H. R. No. 230) toextend the time for
the withdrawal of goods from public stores and
bonded warehouses, and for other purposes.
FRAUDS UPON TUB REVENUE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to have read for
the information of the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury in regard to a fraud
upon the revenue. I hope members will pay at-
tention to it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department, February 29, 1864.
Sir: It is reported to me from authentic sources that
many of Uie vessels employed in the cod-fisheries are in the
habit of procuring salt, for the purpose of curing their fisk,
at ports m the "British provinces, thereby evading the im-
port duty laid upon salt coming into the United States from
ioreign ports; and upon their lutuin fiom fbhing voyages
the salt thus procured, hoing incorporated with the fish,
cannot be couriered a dutiable arucle; and they claim
the allowance ol bounty the .same as if they had purchased
their salt at United States ports.
Although the practice is plainly at variance with the
spint of the laws regulating the allowance of fishing boun-
ties-, there docs not, appear to be any provision of law di-
rectly fat bidding it.
I have therefore the honor to submit the inclosed draft
of a bill providing that nobonnly shall hereafter be allowed
except in case the claimant shall have furnisht-d biitistac-
tory prool that the foreign salt usedm eni nig the fMi, upon
which the claim is based, has paid an inipoit duly to the
Uiuti'd Htates ; ,uul l request that it may be [ue- ent<'d ior
the .ichoi) of ('ongtcsK as. promptly as poj-Mhlo, m order
tli.it, lfpa^ed, it may become upeiativc at the commence-
ment ot the ensuing fts-htng season.
I am, very respectfully, S. J\ CHASE,
Secretary of the Treusury.
Hon. E. It. Wasiiburne, Chaiunan Committee on Com-
merce, llouseoj Representatives.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. If there be
no objection, 1 will introduce a bill to preventthat
fraud.
Mr. PRICE. I object.
Mr. COX. There will be no objection if the
gentleman will amend the bill so as to repeal the
codfish bounties altogether. We are all opposed
to them.
Mr. WASHBTJRNE, of Illinois. I offer the
bill on my own responsibility. The House is in
possession of the facts, it does not come from
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. PRICE. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. SWEAT. 1 object to it.
duty on salt.
Mr. ELIOT. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. DRIGGS. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that call for the present. I was not pres-
ent yesterday when Michigan was called for
resolutions. I ask unanimous consent to oiler
a resolution now.
_ Mr. ELIOT. I withdraw it for that purpose,
if there be no objection.
Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed tor
Whereas our home-munuf.ictuied aiticlc ofsait is heav-
ily taxed to support the Govei nment, while the corst of man-
mactunng is hugely increased, and the sales necessarily
diminished by ieas,on of the competition of foreign salt,
which pays no moie duty than \\-<\> exacted bcfoie the in-
creased ux was imposed upon tiie home ait tele; and whereas
we t-eSi.'ve it to he the duty ot Congress while deviMtig
wavs and m'-ans to mppt the extiaordinary demands upon
the i ie<iMii} to -eethatno unju.-tdwiiniinationxure made
so thntloieum manuiaotureumay deuve a benefit iiom the
mi-tortnnes. oi our own: Thurciore,
Revolted, That the Committee of Way* and Means be
jn*-tiuetod to liUjuiic into the ju uce and expediency of j
levying an increased duty ol ten cent*. p\-i bushel on all salt !
impoited into the United State-, ot -neh othet amount u-i !
they may deem just> and to icport to this Iloube by bill or
otherwise,
Mr. MORRILL. I wish to state there is a
misstatement in the resolution, for the duty has
been increased, and is now mure than ten cents
a bushel. 1 do not object to the resolution.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolvedly the Senate and House of Representatives, That
the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House
of Representatives be, authorized to close the present ses-
sion by%djournmg their respective Houses on the 30th day
of Apul next, at twelve o'clock meridian.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
TheSPEAKER. It isa resolution of privilege.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has called for the regular order of bus-
iness.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman withdrew
it and this resolution intervened. It has always
been looked upon as a privileged question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman to let
me say a word. «
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly. I withdraw the
motion to lay upon the table for that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman from Con-
necticut will make it May instead of April I will
vote for it with pleasure.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I accept that amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. Say the last day of May.
The SPEAKER. The last Monday of May
at noon.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I want to fix a good
time and work up to it. I accept the last Mon-
day of May at noon as the time.
The SPEAKER. It has been usual to fix on
Monday. The 30th of May falls on Monday.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I am opposed to fixing aday
for adjournment of Congress at so early a day of
the session, The effect will be to furnish a reason
for passing measures of importance with litr-le
consideration. The gentleman says he wants to
fix a day and to work up'to it. We have seen the
extraordinary haste with which appropriation
bills have been sought to be forced through this
House; and I am unwilling for one that this kind
of argument shall be furnished for cutting off le-
gitimate and fan consideiauon of matters of grave
public legislation. On that account I move to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. THAYER. I suggest to the mover of the
resolution that he alter it to " Tuesday, May 31,
at noon."
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I accept that suggestion.
The motion to lay on the table was not agreed to.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. 1 demand the previous
question upon the passage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
opeiation theieof the resolution was passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
last taken, and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. FENTON. Will the ^entlctnan^ive way
a moment that I may oiler a resolution ?
Mr. ELIOT. I will yield this time, but I can-
not give way any more.
dues to deceased soldiers.
Mr. FENTON asked unanimous consent to in-
troduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs he ie-
quested toasceitam what le<ji-lauou, it any, is necessary
to authouze and require the pajment ot the certificates,
i «u<'d by the Second Auditor and Second Coniptioller of
the Treasury, for anears of pay and bounty due deceased
soldiers on presentation thereof to any paymaster of the
Army in the city of Washington, a& well as in the district
where the claimant ics-ide-s.
Mr. BROOKS objected.
Mr. ELIOT. I now demand the regular order
of business.
message from tiie senate.
A message fiom the Senate, by Mr. Forney, i
their Secictary, announced that the Senate have !
passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 35) of thanks 1
ot Congress to tho veteran soidiets who have ic- !
enlisted in the Army, without amendment. |
Also, that the^ Senate have passed an act (No. J
140) to provide lor the protection of the ovei land i
emigration to the States and Territories of the i
Pacific; m which the coneuirence of the House ;
was requested. !
freedmen's affairs.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports, and un-
der that call the House resumes the consideration
of a bill (H. R. No. 51) to establish a Bureau of
Freed men's. Affairs, upon which the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Knapp] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. KNAPP addressed the House in opposi-
tion to the bill. [His remarks will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, when the bill for
the creation of a Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs
was introduced it was my intention to do as I
have heretofore done since I took my seat in this
House, examine the subject carefully and cast
my vote as my judgment should dictate, without
taking up any of the time of the House by re-
marks of mine. But, sir, the singular course pur-
sued by some gentlemen on the other side has in-
duced me to change my purpose.
This bill opens up a new field for legislation,
and the subject of its piovisions and the objects
contemplated are such as to call for the fullest
exercise of prudence and caution. I presume the
people of the country for whom we are legislating
expect that we are carefully and honestly exam-
ining the questions involved in the provisions of
this bill, and endeavoring by a comparison of
ideas to arrive at such conclusions as will be pro-
motive of the best interests of our common coun-
try.
We find ourselves, in this trial hour of the Re-
public, surrounded by facts and circumstances
such as our fathers dreamed not of, such as never
before existed, and we are consequently without
precedents to guide us; and it remains to be seen
whether we are equal to the task of piloting the
vessel through the storm and bringing her to a
safe anchorage.
When seas are calm, and skies are clear, the
veriest novice may sail the vessel safely; but
when the lightnings flash and the thunders roar,
and sea and sky seem to meet and tremble m each
other's embrace, keeping time to the music of
heaven's artillery, it is then that stout hearts and
strong arms arc needed to man the yards and fuil
the sails and guide the vessel to a secure harbor.
This wicked rebellion, forced upon us against'
our will, and in violation of all law, both human
and divine, has upheaved and unsettled the very
foundations of society, and thrown its component
parts into chaotic wildness,and forced upon us the
necessity of reorganization.
This requires uclion, effort, arduous and self-
sacrificing it may and no doubt will be. But shall
we therefore shun it r Shall we prove to a world
of witnesses, who are anxious spectators, our de-
generacy by endeavoring to avoid the responsi-
bility thus thiust upon us? Shall we waste time
by inaction, indecision, fault-finding, and charg-
ing the difficulties under which we labor to this
or that cause ? Or shaH we not rather go to work
like men to con ect the evils and bring order out of
confusion?
The bill before us proposes simply an organ-
ization to direct in a proper channel the physical,
the bone-and-smew energy of the black lacewho
have been made free by the fortunes of war—only
this and nothing more. The stock in trade of
these people consists almost entirely of muscle;
their manner of life heretofore, loaded with man-
acles and groaning under the lash, has not been
favorable to mental development and a business
education. _ They must have assistance now that
their stock in trade may be made available; and
it would seem as though the only question to be
set lied is not whether it shall be done, but how shall
it be done?
But, sir, we are met at the very threshold of this
discussion with objections, not as to the manner
ol doing it, but objections to doing it at all.
The gentleman from Ohio says there is no pro-
vision m the Constitution fortius Bureau ofFreed-
m-'ii's Alfairs. I grant there is no specific pro-
vision fortius purpose, neither is theie for saving
the passengeis and ciew of a sinking ship, or ex-
tinguishing a conflagration, or doing a thousand
other things that require to be done; and yet if"
the necessity existed lor any or all of these, and
tiiey could not be done without congressional ac-
tion, 1 presume we should act without any specific
constitutional piovision.
But, Mr. Speaker, the great, the overshadow-
ing, f he all-pievailmg objection to lending a help-
