3910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
liition on ^he table; and.on that. I call for the yeas
fctod nays.'* 4 \
"The yeas and'nays were ordered.
* The question was taken; and it was dccided in
the afEnaative-^yeas 104, nays 33, not voting 44;
afs follows r
'YEAS—Messrs James G. Alien, William J, Allen, Alli-
son, -Ames,- Anderson,' Bally, Augustas 0. Baldwin, John
D. Baldwin, Blaine, Blair, Bliss, Boutwell, Brooks, James
S.-Btowit^CharifcT)'Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke,
Cobb, Coffroth, Cox, Cravens,' Dawes, Denton, Dixon,
Driggs, Eden, Edgerton, El^ridge, Eliot,, English, FarnsT
worth, Fen ton, Pincfc, Prank, Ga'n'son, Goocfi, Grlder,
Grtswold, Harding, Harrington', Charles M. Harris'^ Herrick,
Holman, Hotchkiss, Asjthel W. Hubbaid, HutchuiSj-Inger'-
soli, Jenckes, William Johnson, Kalhfieisch; Francis VV.
Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Kernan, 'King,- Knapp, Law,
Le Blond, LfKlejohn,Marc.y,Marvin, McDowell, Mclndoe,
MeKinney, Samuel P. Miller, William H. Miller, Moor-
head, James R. Morris, Amos Myers, Leonaid Myers,
Odeli, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Orth, Pendleton, Per-
ham, Pike,' Plice, Pruyu, Radtvrd, Alexander H. Rice,
John H. Kicey Robinson,-James S Rol!ins, Ross, Scofield,
Sloan, Smith, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stilefe,
Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Thayer, Thomas, Wadsworth,
Webster, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A.- White,, Joseph W.
White,'Wilson",''Windom,and Fernando Wood—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ashley, Baxter, Beaman, Blow,
Brandegee, Cole, Cre&well, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas
T. Davis, Donnelly, Eckley, Garfield, Higby, Hooper, John
If. Hubbard, Julian, Kelley, Lazear, Longyear, McClurg,
Morrill, Daniel Morris, Norton, Shannon, Smithers, Spald-
ing, Starr, Stevens, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Williams,
andLWoodbridge—33.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Aneona, Arnold, Boyd, Broom-
ail, William G, Brown, Clay, Dawson, Doming, frumont,
Grinnell, Hale, Hall, Benjamin G. Harris, llulburd, Philip
Johnson, Kasson, Loan, Long, Mallory, McAllister, Me-
Jjride, Middleton,Morrison, Nelson, Noble,Patterson, Per-
ry, Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Ro-
gers, Edward H. Rollins, Schenck, Seott, Ste.bbins, Tracy,
Voorhees, Ward,Ehbu B. Washburne, William B. Wash-
burn,Wilder,Winfield, Benjamin Wood, and Yeaman—44.
So the joint resolution was laid on the table.
Mr, ORTH. I rise to a privileged question.
For the purpose of enabling the gentleman from
Ohio to modify his joint resolution, I move to re-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution,
was ,laid on,the table.
Mr. "WILSON. If the motion to reconsider
prevail, would it be in order to move to refer the
joint resolution to the Committee on tho Judi-
ciary
Tiie SPEAKER. It would not, the previous
question having been seconded.
Mr. WEBSTER. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, called for the yeas
and nays on that motion.
Mr..ORTH. I understand that the gentleman
from Ohio will withdraw the previous'question;
and then the joint resolution can be referred.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
cannot withdraw it. The House has ordered the
mam question.
Mr. ORTH. Then I withdraw the motion to
reconsider.
OBJECTS OF THE WAR.
The SPEAKER stated the business regularly
in order to be the motion made two weeks ago
by Mr. Lazear to suspend the rules to enable
him to introduce the following preamble find res-
olutions:
Whereas the fratricidal war which lias for the last three
years filled eveiy neighboihood of our once umrcd and
happy country with mourning, and has dronchcd ahundred
baulc-iields with the blood of our feliow-citi/4ens,and laid
waste many of the fairest pomonsof the laud, and yet has
failed to restore, the authority of the Federal Government
in the seceded States; and wheieas we believe a misap-
prehension exists in the minds of a huge portion of the peo-
ple of the South as to the leehngs winch actuate a huge
portion of tho people ot the free States, and which misup-
piehension we are called upon by every consideration of
humanity and a sense of justice'io correct and if possible
remove, whether wo regard in miking this eifort what we
owe to ourselves, to our fellow-countrymen of the South,
or to the world: Therefore,
Resolved, That nonuly ioyalcitizen of the United States
desires the application of any mleor jaw m detewninmg
the rights and privileges and the measure of responsibility
of the people of any of the States but such as shall have ,
been determined by the Supreme Couitto bem accordance I
with and sanctioned by the Constitution and well <js>t«ib [
li&hed usages of the country. !
■ Rcsolv-ed, That the President, in his capacity of Com- '
m.md^r-i-n-Ciuef of the Army and Navv of tin- United \
States, be, and he is hereby, required to adopt sue h meas-
ures as he may think best, with a view to a Mi-pem-ion of
hostilities between the armies of theNoith and the South
for a period not exceeding days ; and that lie Ifo also
authorized to adopt or agieo upon some plan by which the
decision of the great body ot the people North and South
may be {secured upon the*question of catling a convention
composed of delegates Irom all the States, to which vhail
be refeired the settlement of all questions nowdividing the
southern States from the rest of the Union, with a view to
the restoration of the several States to the places they were
intended to occupy in the Union, and the privileges in-
tended to tie granted to them by the framersof Our national
Constitution, who were in our opinion the most enlight-
ened statesmen and purest patnots that ever lived, and
thaniwhom we cannot hope to find wiser or better counsel-
ors m the pi esent exigency of our national affairs.
' ' MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message" was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate have passed -a bill and
joint resolutions of the House, without amend-
ment, of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 149) concerning certain
school lands in township forty-five north, iange
seven east, in the State of Missouri; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 55) granting cer-
tain privileges to the city of Des Moines, in the
State of Iowa.
' Also, that the Senate have passed a bill (H. R.
No. 240) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various tribes of Indians for the yearending June
30, 1865, with amendments; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
ADMITTANCE TO HOSPITALS.
Mr. BEAMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania who has moved to suspend the rules
to yield to me for a moment to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a resolu-
tion for reference to which there will be no objec-
tion.
Mr. LAZEAR. I will yield to the gentleman.
There being no objection,
Mr. BEAMAN submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution; which were read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Whereas since the recent battles in Virginia, which re-
sulted in the wounding of many thousands of our soldiers,
the most intense anxiety has prevailed among our people
at home demanding eatfy and exact lnlormation as to the
condition of then relatives m hospitals ; and whereas mem-
bers of Congress are daily receiving from their constituents
te!eguuuf> and Jetteu of inquiry touching thu Hue condi-
tion oi such wounded soldiers, and also messages from the
soldiers themselves, requesting their attention ; and wheie-
as in some ot the ho.-pitals in this city members or Cou-
giest- aie absolutely excluded fiom visiting then j*ick and
wounded constituents, and utterly prohibited tiom seeing
them, or any of them, at any time whatever: Therefore,
Resolved,, That the committee on the conduct ot the war
be instructed to inquire and report whether there is any
good and substantial reason lor &uch exclusion; and in
ease they do not find it incompatible with tbesatety and in-
teie.-t of such sick and wounded soldiers, that they then
lecommendthe adoption of some regulation whereby mem-
bers of Congress shall be permitted at all seasonable hours
to visit any and all of the hospitals of the United States with-
out let or hindcraucc.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.'
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to give way for a momentto enable
mc to make, with the leave of the House, a per-
sonal explanation, which will involve no reply.
Mr. LAZEAR. I yield to the gentleman.
.There being no objection,
Mr. FENTON said: In the Congressional
Globe of May 13, Mr. Middleton states that
Mr. Perry was paired off with Mr. Fenton on
the Ilaritan railroad question. The record shows
that Mr, Fenton voted for that resolution.
Now,it is due to the House, to Mr. Perry, and
myself, that I should make this explanation.
The vote came off on Friday, May 13. A few
days previous, on Tuesday perhaps, Mr. Perry
stated that he had paired with my colleague, Mr.
Frank, who was then absent. As I understood
him, he desired me, if Mr. Frank returned in his
(Mr. Perry's) absence, to pair on the Raritan
railroad question. To that I assented.
The day the vote came off my colleague, Mr.
Frank, was here nut voting. It occurred to me
that the pair was still lunmng between him and
Mr. Perry, and I therefore voted for the bill.
1 understand now that Mr. Frank had only paired
with Mr. Pkrry for one day, and that on the
Missouri election case of Bruce and Loan.
The following day Mr. Pendleton called upon
me with a dispatch from Mr. Perry asking why
I had voted. 1 made the same explanation which
I now make, which was satisfactory to Mr. Pen-
dleton, and he so replied to Mr. Perry. On
Mr. Perry's return I explained the circum-
stances to him fully, and, as I understood at the
time, to his satisfaction.
A few days before this vote came off, at the
request of Mr. Steele, of New Jersey, I endeav-
ored to effect a pair between him and my col-
league, Mr. Marvin, and the arrangement was
made; however, without a definite understanding
how Mr. Marvin would vote, as he had gone to
New York. At the time of the voto Messrs.
Steele and Marvin were absent, and their pair
announced; and it appears that Mr. Steele was
paired also with my colleague, Mr. Davis. Of
this I do not complain, nor was Mr. Steele at
fault in the least that I know of, for Mr. Mar-
vin's position on this bill perhaps was not an-
nounced,although I believe he would have voted
forthebill and against Mr.Steele. This, how-
ever, has nothing to do with the case of Mr. Perry
and myself; and I only further remark, that if I
had supposed Mr. Frank was not paired with
Mr. Perry, I should not have voted; and as it
was, if I had heard the announcement of Mr.
Middleton, it would have led to a prompt ex-
planation and withdrawal of my vote, which,
however, would not have changed the result.
PROCEEDINGS OF A COUNCIL OF WAR.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I ask my
colleague to yield to me to offer a resolution of
inquiry.
Mr. LAZEAR. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Has the morning
hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Then I insist on
the regular order of business.
Mr, MILLER, of Pennsylvania. .Letmy res-
olution be read. I do not think there will beany
objection to it.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
tiansmit to this House a copy of the proceed ma* of a council
ofwar held in thecity ofWashingtonon the*7th ofMareh,
1&62, ot which General Sumner was president,
Mr. COBB. I object.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. { hope the gen-
tleman will yield to me to offer a resolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I insist on my
demand for the regular order of business.
OBJECTS OP TIIE WAR—AGAIN.'
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the motion to suspend the rules for the
purpose of introducing the resolutions submitted
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. La-
zear.]
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
32, noes 65.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that these resolutions were before
the House for discussion, and that they were laid
over because some gentleman objected.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mistaken
in regard to the fact. Two weeks ago to-day the
gentleman from Pennsylvania rose and asked
unanimous consent to offer certain resolutions,
and objection being made the gentleman moved
to suspend the rules m order that they might be
introduced. Pending that motion to suspend the
rules the House adjourned.
The rules were not suspended.
REPEAL OF THE FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be House bill No 512, to repeal the fugi-
tive slave act of 1850, and all acts and parts of
acts for the rendition of fugitive slaves, on which
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Morris]
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I propose to
withdraw the demand which is pending for the
previous question, and to ailow the discussion to
run on for a reasonable length of time. The mat-
tor was set down for to-day that there might be
discussion. After the biil shall have been debated
to a considerable extent, 1 give notice that I shall
renew the demand for the previous question.
CONTRACT POR IRON-CLADS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask the gen-
tleman from New York to yield to me for a mo-
ment to submit a icsoiution.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I yield for that
purpose.
