1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
banks for denunciation, as if they alone were responsible
for the evil.-? resulting from a redundant currency? Why
not cull upon Mr. Chase to .-top the hundreds of piesses
now engaged in inundating the country with the issue of
bunkx established tor the veiy purpose of flooding it with
j$3U0,GJ0,0fJl) ol'irredeemable paper? Tins much, at least,
would mh'iii to be demanded by consistency.
Cut 1 do not intrude upon your columns to delend the
bank* of other State*. I have no means of judging how
far they arc amenable to censure on the score of an over-
issue of currency. But for the banks of New York I can
speak authoritatively; and as you invite lor them, in com-
mon with othcis, the hostile legislation of Congress, justice
requires an exhibition of the facts, and with this object I
address you.
The public should be aware that all the plates of alt the
banks in this State, corporate, associate, and individual,
are in mv pos^esMori, sealed against u e and securely
locked trow reach of theba k< Not a dollarcan'be printed
without an order from tins depaitnient, and not a dollar is
furnished save upon the deposit of security. Hence our
books furnish an incontestable data of the amount of cur-
rency delivered to the hanks. And what do we find as the
result? I take the clo^c of the fiscal year for ten years
past as a criterion by winch to judge the present, and it
shows a> follows:
Dale* Capital. Circulation.
Sept. 30, lb54 ..$83,153,388 §43.9o2,535
" " 1805  65,580.590 -11,159,79-1
<• " 3656  TiT.SOG 301 43.492.48.3
" 1857 1U7,507,'659 41,243,023
" " iSod 109.998,550 35.007,180
" •'* 1659 i 10^997.040 26 58*-276
'• " 1360 111.^34,317 38.03-1,bUO
" " 1351  109,980.334 So^HO
*< " lcO-2  108.000,062 42/289,838
" " 1*63 109.258.147 42,192,64o
April IS, 1864 109,3c3,9do 42,bti2,3i0
Thus it will he seen that tin1 aggregate circulation issued
and outstanding at tlm tjnie is moie lLan a million dollars
less (kern it uurs in ] H5 J although the l>an'-nng capital has in-
creased more lhant'uenty & it million dollais ivithin that pe-
riod. The amount of circulation above stated include^ all
ever issued to the banks and not teturn^d. Moie. than n
imlhon dolUi!- b. longma to institution^ which hav e pa-sed
out ot existence !ui- probably been Io-,t. burned, oi other-
Wi-e deston ed. Tii-n again, of the circulation thus >tand
iua char«t d on the hook? of tlu* dcpntmcnt. lea than tlaity
mi!Lion dollars a as in uctual circulation on the YUkof Matih,
1864, as appears fioni the bWorn statements of the banks
ju-t made in obedience io law—the balance being in their
po-'.-oL—ion, uui- ued. With these official facts and figures
in view, will any person kindly inform the public where
the chaigi ol '• inHating the cunui.ey,> comes in, a& it re-
gaids the bonks oi tin-, State .3
In the- *ume paMtrriph to which allusion has been made
you charitably call upon Congress to ''erti-h, once for all,
the pretettMon* ot a  puitou> State ri<dit> party to tax our
national hanks upon their national bond?.5" As I am one
of tho-e who hold that oil capital should pay its just pro-
poitiou of the public but dens, allow me to say a few words
on tins subject. And lir-«t, it the national banks oujzhtnot
to be tavd because they hold national bnmte, by what par-
ity of learning do you just;ly tlie taxation of tiiate hanks,
who have invested their ni'.aiis in .-the -ami, -eeumies.5
The banks of tin- State hold mote than then capital-, in
United Suu'*stock«. Are you m favor of exempting their
.<lu9.000.000 capital fiom taxation, and thiowiug the bur-
don on le-ss; fortunate ^et.-otis and propony: Again, a na-
t'unal hank inv<\-t- $100,000 in United State* s'toefcs, and
jec^ivc- xQO.OGO in emrencv ; and you would '• eru-h once
for all" anj party that should seek to ta\ it. A State hank
' invest** the same sum in the -ame sccmitv, and leceives
an equal amount ot cuuetiey, and you call upon Consrie'-s
to tax the latter '■ out of exi-lence." T- thi-ju-ticc ? Will
it be toleiated m a fret* community, with tlie billot box
still within lc.ich?
The tioi-1- ai.' too «ot!(>u« tor tutting with irupoitant in-
terest.-. The Government need- tne support of all loyal
men, anil it -iiould be cautious not to alienate the good
w ill or any poition of tin* community, X^'Mst of all -Iiould
it he biouuht into colli-iou with an interest so ramified v\ ith
all the business relations ot the country as the State bank-,
liit; Seerctan ot me Tiea-<ur>, not content to leave hn
<av< i ite -eheme to the vindication of rime and expedience,
invoke- vindictive legislation on the part of Congre-r. tor
the puipo-c ol " taxing out oi existenee" m-titurions tlu.t
have. been iccognized -inco the fornmtion of the Govern-
ment :'i th-> le-r:t;iii.ite olT-pi in^of the State legislation. 1 he
ughtful nos>e<-')s% ot State puviJeges, and constitutSonaliy
amen, tde oniyto State eontioi. Stiunhnj: tat above all
St ito b.uiKs on theftieam of n reds emablc paper issues, lie
c«)i«ipla ns that tho-e institutions befoul the cuirem y so
that he cannot nb.de it, and redre.-s can on!) be had by
toicing mei'i into Innu.lai'ou through onerous taxation.
Shouhi the.-e view- b<* seconded by (^ongress, it h easy to
see tlnit disa-iio'i- r -ult- niu-t liiuie boils to Co\ermn*'nt
utid p.'opie. 'i'he Mate bank*, Joiced to a sudden contiae-
tion a> tlie only mt.iii'm' avoiding nunuus taxation, can-
.  >ot letam the st curiUe-; they now hold, and must t'uow
them upon the matket (or realization. 'J'he indication- of
a Financial fvui-ionnioit.w'uie spiead and ui-astr >u-> thun
a ,(V our countr\ ha- yt wune^s.'d are so appatent t!<at no
enn.-.d''!ate man can view other,vise than with prolound
riariii anv puhl.c nsea-uu that sh. ll threaten to Hasten tht,
K-ata-tiephe Watt; all deicroiK c to j o\u .-ag^v- lion-, tucte-
 \ ie, 1 e in!!<a but hope that Congie-s, will not he j>purie;i
into hu-ty action upon a subject fiaught with cousequ jiici s
or the utmost impoitaiicc to the Ailnuni-tratuui, the hanks,
and ihe t'onnti}*
Re-peei.uih jours, II. II. VAN DYCK.
Mr. IvEUXAN-. The iMnkM uf the State of
New Yuri; hove $llO.OUOL.t>GU easiUal, find less
thun $3(s,0(i0,000 eirculuuon. And yet, because
the currency is inflated, getidemon here t -y to
make us hoheve that the Stat^ banks have mflnUri
it. We all know that it i« caused by the inordi-
nate paper-circulation issued by the Government
itself—some $700,000,000 being out in one form
or another. It has not been caused by the State
banks.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I would iike
to inquire whether that report is not in relation
to the banks of the city of New York, not of the
State?
Mr. -KERNAN. No, sir, ofull the State banks.
It includes the city banks.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. 1 want to in-
quire if tlie gemiemun from New Yoik has
affirmed that the circulation of the banks of the
State of Now York has not largely increased?
Mr. KERN AN. It lias largely decreased, as
I understand from the official document signed
by the hank superintendent. The banks of the
city of New York have never issued much circu-
lation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Illinois by reducing
the tax from one fourth to one eighth of one per
cent., merely for the purpose of sayinga very few
words in relation to the general subject. I regret
that the gentleman from Illinois should have ap-
pealed to members from the West to support his
proposition. We are the representatives of all
the States and not the representatives of the West
or uf the East. We arc sent here to act for the
whole United States and not for any particular
district. Such appeals, however designed, must be
mischievous. I observed in a paper a few days
ago some comments .like the following:
"Morrill on Wild-Cats.—The member of Congress
who t- the most Ptienuous in hi* opposition to taxation on
tlie loduudimtcirculation of the wild eat concerns, i  Mor-
rill, ot' Veimont. iie is-even wow than Pna-:,of Maine,
or JJoctw ell, of M i<s-aehu?ett-5. We understand that Mr.
Morrill is tne pre.-ident or at least principal s-tockhokh'r
of a little wild-cat concern called the Cliel.-ea Bank, m
Change county, Vermont, which may in part account for
his euraordmaiy zeal in behalf of uaViug shinp!a-<ters cir-
culate a-, money in uiue-ifneted amount*, and for his active
hostility to repressing their issues !))* taxation.
"in his opposition to a national currency he becomes
oblivious of the tiutli sometime-. lie undertook the other
day to deny that the wdd-cat banks were inflated. The
lomedy, he ai^ued, was to withdraw the greenbacks fioia
euculation aiid leave the field entirely to"the local -hm-
pla-ter conccrns ! Ho asseited that the miscellaneous banks
had out only $175,000,000. What regard shall be plaee.d on
a man's word who talks in this reckless manner? When
thewarbioke out tint local banks had fully ,$'r<.1,000.000
of their notes in ciieuiatiou, a< is well known. What men-
dacity, then, to say that they have no moie circulation out-
standing at this time !J'
Now, Mr. Chairman, this does me infinite
credit, and rather more than I am entitled to. I
am not now, and never was, the president of any
bank, and I own very little stock, and that little
I wish wete lrss.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of ordpr.
1 would like to know what these remarks have
to do with the amendment?
Mr. MORRILL. If tlie gentleman will wait
he, will see the application.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of Older
without waiting. Mypointis that the gentleman
is not discussing the amendment. What has it
to do with the bank stock owned by the gentleman?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. MORRILL. I will tiy to confine myself to
the amendment. Now it happens that 1 have not
.said u woid about banks this session. Heretofore
I have notopened my mouth on the subject. Ail
1 desire to say now is that we may confine this
tax b;il to the subject of taxation and revenue.
As the bill stands it proposes to tax the batiks m
a fair and legitimate way and to a reasonable ex-
lent. It is not a question of repression and de-
sti uclion of State banks. I hope that that question
will be allowed to stand on its own basis. Let
H come up and be acted on independently of this
mea&uu-; for I perceive, if this be incorporated
with this bili, as the gentleman from Illinois pro-
poses, u will retard its progress, not only here
but in the ot her branch of Congress. I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. GANSON. I move to amend the amond-
ment of the "eiuleman from Illinois by striking
out the second proviso, which prohibit* the State
banks issuing circulating; notes at the expuatioti
of six months from the passage of this act. 1 pro-
pose that amendment in the first place because
we air considering a revenue measure, and that
proviso has no relation whatever to the subject?
matter of this bill,-but its whole objeetand pap-
pose are to annihilate the circulation of State
banks. It is entirely foreign to the objjeeferdf ibis
bilL • • „ y
I am sorry that the gentleman, from Illinois
should rise in this House ami denouncetbeinsti-
tntions of the State of New York as rotten. Thai
has been done by a gentleman from Illinois* mid
when I say that, it is enough to say on that sub?
ject. Sir, therearenoinsUtutipnssounder,safer^
or more satisfactory t'o the. people of New York
than the banklng.instuutionsof that State. There
is no better system of banking, and the General
Governmentiias had to copy from and adopt th«U
system to give character and credit to its own
system.
i oppose the amendment of thegentlemanjfrom
Illinois, in the second place, because Congress has
no power whatever to destroy these State insti-
tutions. It has been decided by the Supreme
Court of the United States that such institutions
are lawful, and that Congress has no power to
forbid the creation of them. The exercise of
such a power by Congress^ if sustained, w.o«W
vest the Federal Government with authority te
destroy one of the functions of the State gov-
ernments, and no power is vested in Congress tp
do that. I hope that this^House cannot entertain
any idea like that seriously, and especially in tt
bill providing revenue. It is entirely fojreign to
thi? objects and purposes of such a measure.
I say to the gentleman .from Illinois that, in
my judgment, if this amendment be adopted it
wrll have the effect to defeat this revenue bill in
this House. I have thus far done what I could
to perfect its provisions. I repeat that if this
amendment be adopted, in ray^ judgment, it will
insure the defeat of the bill.
In justification of the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Illinois, it is urged that- the
issues of State banks have caused the inflation of
the prices of the necessaries of life, and that such
banks must therefore be destroyed. Every one
knows t|iat such inflation is not attributable to
the State banks, but must be ascribed mainly to
the excessive irredeemable paper issues of the
General Government. This is charged upon the
State banks solely for the purpose of raising a
plausible excuse for destroying them, and is done
by those chiefly who were the advocates of the
old national bank. Every scheme thus far brought
before this House m regard to the currency has
arisen from hostility to Slate institutions, but no
one before has shown such a degree of hostility
to the banking institutions of the States as to
make the passage of a revenue bili depend upon
their annihilation, and I trust the effort will not
succeed. If the Federal banks are preferable
they will be organized by the capital of the coun-
try, and it will not be necessary for Congress to.
deprive the State institutions of their hold upon
their State existence by thumb-screws, and to
bring and keep in existence Federal institutions
by partial legislation and governmental nostrums.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Chairman, I rise to oppose
the amendment of the gentleman from New York
because it does not go far enough. I must say to
the committee that 1 am astonished such a prop-
osition could come in here at this time. I should
say that I would be astonished to see it come in
at any time. The object of this bill, if I under-
stand anything about it, is that this tax should
be equai upon all men under the same Govern-
ment. Now, sir, one ounce of common sense in
reference to this matter is worth a thousand
pounds of theory.
Here on one corner is a national bank with
$100,000 capital and $20,000 of United States
bonds. Right on the opposite corner is a Stato
bank which has the same amount of capital and
the same amount of United States bonds. Now,
you propose to tax thaf bank which is not a na-
tional bank three per cent., which actually kills
it. You tax it out of existence. The national
bank you tax none at all. The stockholders of
the bank which you refuse to tax may or may
not be loyal. Jeff. Davis might come here under
that law and establish a bank and escape all tax-
ation. The stockholders of the other bank may
be us loyal as loyalty itself, and yet you tax it
out of existence. -That is manifestly unjust and
can never be sustained by this House, because I
hold that there is some common sense and eora-
