1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing hand to these unfortunate people to enable
them to take care of themselves is, that it will in-
volve the nation in the vortex of miscegenation,
a new name, sir, for an old thing. But will the es-
tablishment of this bureau necessarily lead to this
result? Does any sane man believe it? Are not
the facts of history and the proofs of observation
all against the conclusion? Does not the history
ofour own country prove, beyond successful con-
tradiction, that the establishment of a bureau for
t the sale of the slave has produced the very re-
sults which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox]
seems so much to dread, while in States where
the negro has been free no such results have been
produced ?
These are facts which have passed into and be-
come partof history, known and read of all men.
Slavery, sir, negro slavery, has in the last three
fourths of a century produced in this country near
half a million of a mixed race; and yet, with these
facts staring us in the face, and making us as a
nation a hissing and a by-word, we hear no sound,
no whisperof disapprobation from those who hold
to the political faith of the gentleman from Ohio.
As long as the negro was fettered and lashed, as
long as the clank of his manacles could be heard
•wafted upon every breeze, ay, sir, the very
breezes which caused the flag above you to curl
like a wave of the ocean, so long as the slave-pen
stood yawning beneath and in the very shadow of
the churches of this God-given heritage of ours, so
long as men and women and children of all ages,
conditions, and colors, ay, sir, colors through
every change and grade and Ime, from jet black
to Caucasian white, were exhibited and sold upon
the slave auction-block, so long these gentlemen
were as silent as a charnel house as to mixed
races. They read " the Constitution as it is" in
such an accommodating manner as to persuade
themselves that "black was not black, nor yet
was white so very white." But the moment the
fetters are knocked off, the moment the black man
begins to breathe the free air of heaven, the mo-
ment he begins to exercise some ownership over
his own bones and blood and muscles, these guard-
ians of the Constitution take the alarm. That
moment this raw-head and bloody-bones of mis-
cegenation, amalgamation, and all the otlun'afions
are paraded with aflounsh of trumpets before this
' House and the country with a view, I suppose, to
scare some men from their propriety.
The fulmination of the home-made thunder,
the reverberations of which have been heard for
many months in every pait of our land, have not
as yet, I believe, done much serious damage. If
the gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Cox] is to be be-
lieved, the calamities which are to follow the pas-
sage of this bill are twofold: first, the negro is to
be destroyed, is to die. But that no injustice may
be done that gentleman, I give his own language:
" But, sir, if slavery is doomed, so, alas ! is the slave. No
scheme like this bill can save him. The Indian reserve?:,
treaties, bounties, and agencies did not and does not >ave
the reel man. No Government fanning sjstem, no chari-
table black scheme, can wash out the color ot' the negio,
change Jus inferior nature, or save him fiom ins inevitable
fate. The urepres^ible conflict is not between slaveryand
freedom, bur between black and white, and, asDeTocque-
viile prophesied, the black will perish."
That might be supposed to be the end of him.
If he is " doomed" and he " perish," might we
not reasonably expect to be rid of him for this
world ? But no, it seems not; for a little further
on this same gentleman says to us who favor this
bill," Now you are in the millennial glory of abo-
lition; so 31 will be hereafter with amalgamation."
I might huil back with scorn and contempt the
foul slander in his teeth, but I do not consider it
my business to bandy epithets. I understand
my business here to be of a different character,
and I say to that gentleman now and here, that if
he will devise a better plan for the accomplish-
mcntof the object sought than is found in the bill
before the House, he can count on my vote for
it. But when I asked that gentleman the other
day how both these objects were to be accom-
plished, first, the destruction, the annihilation of
the black race,and then, hereafter, the' millennial
glory of amalgamation," I received for answer
that " they will all run, according to the new gos-
pel ofabolition, into the white people on that(our)
side of the House." This answer may be smart,
may be sensible, may be courteous, gentlemanly,
and statesmanlike, but I confess i lacked then,
and do now, the penetration to peteeive it. Ac-
cording to this new theory the negro is dead to-
day and alive to-morrow; "all things'by turns,
and nothing long;" either dead or alive, black or
yellow, to suit the wishes or the fancy of these
defenders of the " Constitution as it is." These
men have millions for slavery, but not one cent
for freedom.
In another part of his speech the gentleman from
Ohio was led into a tram of thought and expres-
sion which, in my opinion, were very unfortu-
nate for him. He quoted from his pamphlet, his
text-book on that occasion, these words, " the
practical recognition of the brotherhood of all the
children of a common Father," and proceeded to
say, " just what our miscegenetic Chaplain prays
for almost every morning, and you all voted for
him, even some of my friends from the border
States."
Now, what is there in this that is objectionable?
Is it the expression "children of a common Fa-
ther?" Does that form of expression grate harshly
on the highly-polished sensibilities o? that gentle-
man? lias he never, in his reading of history,
met with similar expressions and entered no pro-
test against them ? If not, allow me to read a short
extract, for his benefit and the benefit of those who
sympathize with him, from the words of one who
in times past was good authority for Democrats,
and is good authority for genuine Democrats to-
day:
Headquarters Seventh Military District,
Mobile, September 21, 1814.
To the Free Colored Inhabitants of Louisiana:
Through a mistaken policy you have heretofore been de-
puved of a participation in the glorious struggle for national
rights m which our country is engaged. This no longer
shall exist.
As sons of freedom you are now called upon to defend our
most estimable blessing. As Americans your country looks
With confidence to her adopted children for a valorous sup-
poit as a faithful return for the advantages enjoyed under
her mild and equitable Government. As fathers, husbands,
and brothers, you are summoned to rally round the stand-
aid oi the eagle to defend all that is dear in existence.
Your country, although calling tor your exertions, does
not wish you to engage in her cause without remunerating
you toi the services rendered. Your intelligent minds arc
not to be led away by l'aUe representations; your Jove of
honor would cause you to despise the man who should
attempt to deceive you. In the sincerity of a soldier and
the language of truth I addios« you.
To every noble-hearted fieeman of color volunteeiing to
serve during the piesent content with Great Britain, and no
longer, theie will be paid the same bounty in money and
lands now received by the white fOldiers of the United
States. The non commissioned officers and privates will
also be entitled to the same monthly pay and daily rations
and clothes furnis-hod to any American soldier.
On enrolling yoinselves in companies the major general
commanding will select officers tor your government from
jour while fcl/oic-citizens. Your non-commissioned offi-
cers will be appointed from among \omselvp<5.
ANDJLIEYV JACKSON.
But, sir, it may be urged by those who oppose
this bill, and who are horrified at calling black
men "adopted children" and " fellow-citizens,"
that this was an experiment of Old Hickory's,
and that after trying it once he never would have
indorsed the same course again. But this objec-
tion is answered and silenced by the fact that the
old hero subsequently issued the following " proc-
lamation to the free people of color:"
"Soldiers! when, on the banks of the Mobile, I called
upon you to take up aims, inviting you to partake of the
perils and the gloiy of j our uhite felloiv-citizens, Icxpected
muck from you, for I was not ignoiant that you possessed
qualities most foinndable to an invading enemy. I knew
with what fortitude you could endure hunger and thirst,
and ail the fatigues o( a campaign. I knew ircll how you
loved your native counfiy, ami that you had, as well as our-
selves, to defend what man hold* most dear, his parents,
relation^ wife, ehiklien, and ptoperty.
" You have done m<uo th.m J exp< oted. In addition to the
previous qualities I befote knew you to pos^e-s, I found,
moieover, among you a noble enthu>ia>m which leads to
the peifotmance ot great things.
u Soldier ! the President of the United States shall hear ;
how ptai-ewoithy was \ our conduct in thehour of danger. j
and the lopre.sematives of the American people will, I I
doubt not. give you the piaise joui exploit* entitle you to. i
Your ireneral anticipates them in applauding your noble j
aidor." j
Such, Mr. Speaker, was the language of the j
hero of New Orleans; such the sentiment of a pa- |
uiot and soldier—"adopted children," 44 fellow- ,
citizens," " Americans," &eM &c. And yet I be- '
licve Ins Democracy was never doubted. How I
comes it, then, that in these last days men calling
thcmsehcb Democrats are so much shocked if our |
Chaplain prays for the "children of a common
Father?" Venly these men have the "form of
Democracy without the power," the shadow
without the substance. }
liui as another leason why this bill should not i
, we are told that because the Indians as a
race of people are passing away, sp necessarily
will the negro, if made free. I undertake to say
there is no parallel between the two cases. The
Indian is of a roving and unsettled nature, nqt
domestic in his habits. The negro is the very re-
verse of this. The Indian accumulates no prop-
erty, the negro does. Upon these pointsthereis
no room for conjecture; the experiment has been
tried. The Indian absorbs the vices without the
virtues of the white man, and is fast passing from
the earth to the land of the great hereafter.
The negro hets learned to live with and copy
the virtues as well as the vices of the white man.
He is careful, kind, and affectionate in his dispo-
sition. He seeks a fixed habitation, he accumu-
lates property, he grows rich, he builds churches
and«echool-houses,and he feeds, clothes, and edu-
cates his children as the white man does.
But hear the gentleman from Ohio again. He
says:
" When the party in power by edict and bayonet, by
sham election and juggling proclamation, drag down sla-
very, they drag down the very genius of our civil polity,
local self-government. They strike constitutional liberty
in striking at domestic slavery."
These are strange sentiments to be proclaimed
in the Capitol of the nation boasting of civil and
religious liberty—the Capitol whose summit is
crowncd by a statue representing the goddess of
Liberty. According to this doctrine the "genius
of our civil polity" is dependent for its existence
upon human slavery. "Domestic slavery" is
not only the "corner-stone" but it is the support
and protection of constitutional liberty. What a
paradox! What political heresy 1 What an in-
sult to common sense!
But, Mr. Speaker, the action of the border
States seems to trouble some of the gentlemen who
oppose this bill; notonlythe gentleman fromOhio
who wrote a book, but also the gentleman from
New York of the smooth sentences and many
languages, feels much aggrieved by the action of
these States, and now we cannot nave a discus-*
sion as to the necessity and propriety of estab-
lishing a bureau for the purpose of enabling men
long bound, but now free, to take care of them-
selves, without lugging in a certain quantity of
abuse of the border States.
I do not name this, sir, for the purpose of de-
fending those States. No, sir; there is no need
of that. This would be a work of supererogation.
The border States are here in the persons of their
Representatives, equal to the men of any State
upon this floor, able and willing to take care of
themselves; men with whom I am proud to be
allowed to act; men who, when commanded to
bow down and worship the image which traitors
had erected, refused, bravely, boldly, nobly re-
fused, and refused, too, in sight of the furnace of
persecution heated seven times hotter than ever
before, and through which they knew they must
pass. They have passed. The protecting angel
of liberty and patriotism was with them, shield-
ing and protecting them,and to-day they are here
without the smell of fire upon their garments.
But I refer to this attack of the gentleman from
Ohio upon the border States for a different pur-
pose, namely, the corruption produced upon them
by the "greenbacks." His language is:
" Judging by what we daily see here in this House, the
border States, through the blandishments of power, the fear
ofium, the tyiannyof the bayonet, and the corruption of
g1 cenbacks, aie, I think, gradually being perstiadcd to yield
befoiu the genius oi universal emancipation."
These greenbacks, sir, must possess very sin-
gular as well as very powerful qualities. To-day
they are" trash," " rag currency," " worthless,"
and to-morrow they are corrupting the entire bor-
der States, and by the witchery of their power se-
ducing the entire border line (behind which these
gentlemen expected to take shelter) into the sup-
port of " universal emancipation." If they pos-
sess so much power they cannot be altogether
worthless.
This bureau is to be established because the
abolition of slavery has set free thousands of per-
sons, who, having heretofore labored for others,
must now be directed how they are to help them-
selves. The gentleman of many languages, from
New York, accepts the fact that slavery is abol-
ished, and declares his intention of abandoning a
hobby so long and so successfully ridden,and to
go before the country on different issues and a
different pltufoim. And here it is worth a pass-
