890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 1,
ing notice, that when the institution is no longer
likely to be of any service to this class of politi-
cians, they are ready to acknowledge, what has
all along been claimed by the most ultra aboli-
tionists, namely, that the preaching on the Mount
of Olives and on Mars Hill was calculated to
abolish slavery; not suddenly, but gradually ^, this
gentleman says. I say to him that " the times
of this ignorance God winked at, but now com-
mands all men (even Calhoun Democrats) every-
where to repent," so that a " nation may be born
in a day."
I have looked through that gentleman's speech
for the material out of which to manufacture this
new platform, and find what I suppose to be one
of the planks. I give his language:
" Before we have finished this war the debt wiil be
$4,000,000,000—a huge, monstrous, and crushing debt—
which will inflict upon posterity, upon my children, upon
your children, and their children hereafter, for hundreds of
years, taxation under which they will groan as negro slaves
have groaned under the white master; a tax of thirty cents
on the day-laborer's dollar."
What does this mean? Has the gentleman
looked into the future and fixed the time when
this war is to cease? Can it not stop until the
national debt reaches $4,000,000,000? If that is
so, if thafiat has gone forth from the powers at
Richmond and their friends here that that is the
point, then the sooner we make the debt that
amount the better. Or does the gentleman wish
the impression to go abroad to the country that
our national debt is now about that amount? Has
his fertile imagination so soon created " sixteen
men in buckram ?"
And then, Mr. Speaker, this debt is to burden
our children and our children's children for hun-
dreds of years, taking thirty cents out of every
dollar earned by the day-laborer. I am fearful
that that gentleman has cultivated his knowledge
of the languages to the neglect of his knowledge
of arithmetic. This thirty cents out of the day-
laborer's dollar, I suppose, is to be the battle-cry
of this new party, or rather an old party with a
new name. The toiling millions are to be told
that tliey will be compelled to pay thirty cents
out of every dollar of their hard-earned wages.
That will do. That will bring votes, if you can
make them believe it. But I think the gentleman
miscalculates, for while the masses may not be
able to quote Latin, French,and Arabic as readily
as he does, yet they know the multiplication table,
and are able to detect all such shallow attempts to
catch their votes.
How will this look when you apply the figures
to it? If we call the population thirty millions,
at an estimate of one dollar per day for one third
of tliemand nothing for theothertwothirds,then
estimate the taxable property at §20,000,000,000,
and tax it one dollar on a hundred, one tenth of
what Jeff. Davis docs, and then take thirty cents
on the dollar, as proposed by the gentleman from
New York, and in four years we should pay off
the entire national debt, and have $400,000,000
over. Then what becomes of this "crushing,
monstrous debt'' "for hundreds of years upon
our child!en and our children's children?"
But the debt is not $4,000,000,000, nor is it the
half of it; and that gentleman knows this as well
as any person living, and he knows also that it is
not expected or intended to pay this debt all off
in a few years, but merely pay the interest, and
provide a small sinking fund, which can be done
without affecting the day-laborer's dollar. This
talk about the day-laborer's dollar is all clap-trap
manufactured for the occasion. There is not a
country in the woild to-day where the laboring
classes are so well paid as in this country, and
they know it and appreciate it, the clamor of
demagogues to the contrary notwithstanding.
Again, sir, there is another feature connected
with this country that is cheering to the heart of
every patriot. We have been engaged in a war
of immense magnitude for near three years, and
yet the bonds of the Government are worth more
to-day than when the war began. No other coun- ,
try in the world ever made such an exhibit. It :
is worse than folly, sir, to talk of bankrupting a
people whose fields teem with abundance of the
necessaries and comforts of life, and whoso mines
excel in richness those ofGolconda. No, sir. Give
us but a united people, standing shoulder to shoul-
der, not sympathizing with rebels, not making
speeches which are cheeied in Richmond, but
honest and earnest in their efforts to suppress re-
bellion and maintain the supremacy of the laws,
and we need have no fear of national bankruptcy.
A common-sense examination of this monster
bankruptcy will find it as unsubstantial as the
baseless fabric of a vision.
The objects contemplated in the billnow before
us will cost something, I grant. But, sir, it is an
incident to the war, and we cannot avoid it if we
would. And the cost need be but trifling, and
after the first year nothing. These people will
rapidly learn to take care of themselves. Some
of them have taken care of their masters and their
masters' families for years, and consequently are
now well qualified to take care of themselves, and
with a very little encouragement the balance will
soon learn. Besides, sir, there are some things
worth more than gold, among which are "life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness."
Is it possible, sir, that we must contend with
these gentlemen at every step? First, we must
have no coercion; our southern brethren must be
allowed to do as they pleased. They could fire
upon the old flag, the ensign of our nationality;
but if we attempted to restrain them, we were
charged with violating the Constitution. Second,
we must be very careful to guard the property of
rebels, and see to it that all their men and women
property were kept at home, and when Order No.
3 was issued they were hugely pleased—an in-
famous order, sir, and loyal and true men all over
the country wonder its author is still kept in
power; an order that has cost us the lives of
thousands of good and true men. Next, when
necessity compelled them, they agreed the negro
might dig, drive, and cook, but he mustunderno
circumstances fight. Finally, when we have
driven them from all these positions inch by inch,
and we come to a point where it is necessary to
set the negro to work to do something for him-
self and for the country, these gentlemen's hands
are raised in holy horror for fear the Constitution
will suffer, and the " day-laborer's dollar" be
taxed. Oh, ye lovers of the people and defenders
of the Constitution, ye time-servers, yesunshine,
ye holiday friends, ye criers of hosannali to-
day and erueifiers to-morrow, the people, the
country understand you. Your day of power has
passed; yourglory has departed; Ichabodis writ-
ten tipon your old temples, and ye may well seek
for other issues and another platform to keep your
devoted heads above the accumulating waves of
oblivion which are about to roll over you.
But, sir, this bill will pass.
" In spite of rock or temper'* roar,
In f^piteof false lights on this floor,"
it will bccomc the law of the land. The indus-
trial energies of the nation will be set in motion,
and good will be achieved. Yes, sir, the clouds
are lifting, rebellion recedes, redemption draws
nigh. The rays of glory are already brighten-
ing the horizon with their splendor, and a proper
exercise of vigilance on our part will work from
the important events now transpiring around us
the great problem of man's political salvation.
lSEENUSTED VETERANS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, in
answer to a resolution of the House of Represent-
atives of the 26tli ultimo, transmitting a commu-
nication from the Secretary of War, relative to
the reenlistment of veteran volunteers.
The letter from the Secretary of War was read,
stating that the transmission at the present time
of the informalion called for, to wit, a statement
of the number of volunteers reenlisted into the
United States service, how many and from what
States, and to what particular State or States of
which they were non-residents they were cred-
ited, would be in his opinion prejudicial to the
public service.
The message and accompanying letter were laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
EXKOLLliD JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled joint resolution
(H. R. No. 35) of thanks of Congress to the vol-
unteer soldiers who have reenlisted in the Army;
when the Speaker signed the same.
FREEDJIEN's AFFAIRS AGAIN.
Mr. ELIOT took the floor.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts whether it is his in-
tention to call the previous question at the close
a£.his remarks?
Mr. ELIOT. It is my intention to do so.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to occupy afew
minutes on this bill before the debate closes;
whether now or hereafter is immaterial to me.
Mr. ELIOT. I believe it is time that the House
came to a decision as to whether it desires to have
this debate longer continued. This bill stands now
in the way of the action of the House on the busi-
ness of all other committees. I therefore felt it to
be my duty to seek the floor as soon as I could
for the purpose of movingihe previous question.
At the time this bill was proposed last session,
there were two bills pending before the House
and Senate, providing for the issuing of bonds in
case the State of Missouri or the State of Mary-
land should enact laws of emancipation. It was
believed advisable that some provision should be
made, in case such legislation should take place,
for the management of those bonds. The third
section of this act was introduced mainly for that
purpose. But all that has passed away; and many
of our own friends believe that the bill, which
would not be affected at all by the provisions of
the third section, had better be disembarrassed of
it; and if laws shall hereafter be passed concern-
ing emancipation, it will be time enough then
to declare how the bonds shall be distributed.
Therefore, sir, with the authority of the commit-
tee, I move to strike out the third section of the
bill. Let me say to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Pendleton,] that I can possibly accommo-
date him in the time which I have the right to
use after the previous question is seconded; and
I shall be glad to do so.
Mr. PENDLETON. That will answer my
purpose entirely. I desire to occupy but a very
few minutes.
Mr. ELIOT. I now move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded—there
being, on a division, ayes Gl, noes 46—and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 desire to inquire of the gentle-
man from Ohio how much time he will be satis-
fied to have ?
Mr. PENDLETON. I have no doubt that I
can conclude in ten or fifteen minutes all that I
have to say.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman shall have fifteen
minutes.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to acknowledge
the courtesy of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. The time he has given me compels me to
stick closely to the bill. I could not if I would
wander into the discussion of the many topics
already alluded to in the debate. I cannot waste
words or even take time to elaborate any view of
this bill. I must content myself with bare sug-
gestions, leaving to the House to supply what-
ever in my haste I am obliged to omit.
I regret that the debate on this bill has degen-
erated on the part of its friends from the high
position in which it was left by the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts, the chairman of
the select committee, [Mr. Eliot.] He appealed
to our highest humanity. It is true he touched
upon the question of power, and asserted that he
found it among not only the implied but also
the express grants of the Constitution, but he
touched lightly upon this point, he pressed it with
none of the fervor with which he advocates his
well-settled convictions. He urged us to pass this
bill in mercy if not in justice to a race whom he
described as poor, houseless, homeless, destitute,
thriftless, ignorant, whom the fortunes of war
had thrown upon our care, and whom we were
bound to protect while they were passing from a
state of bondage to liberty, while they were be-
coming habituated to the difference of the cares
and duties imposed by their changed condition
from compulsory to compensated labor.
The gentleman from Philadelphia dragged the
discussion down into the dirtiest puddle of parti-
san politics. He participated in the debate,and
contamination was in the contact. lie rehearsed
his oft-repeated anathema against the Democratic
party. He seeks to compensate by the intensity
of his manner for the stateness of his matter. He
seeks to convey the impression that new and
strange tones of his voice necessarily imply new
and varied thoughts. He labors under the im-
pression common to apostates, that all its intelli-
