2912
THS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13/
ftave been referring. If, however, they do, it will
take a little more than the ability of " plain Mr.
QrariVilh* Sharp," who by his common sense
and powerful arguments drove Lord Chief Jus-
tice maijsfield from his opinions of constitutional
law. They must encounter first the opinions
ofthd framers of frur Constitution, and their sen-
timents tittered by Such men as Alexander Ham-
ilton, Fisher Ames, James Madison, Luther
„Martiri  Patrick. H^ry, and other distinguished
statesmen. Yea, more, they must encounter the
seji^i|n.en^ delivered by Washington to Congress,
by the unaniroous order of the Convention, when
he submitted the Constitution to Congress. In
his letter to the president of Congress, amoiig
other reasons for Its-adoption, he says:
"It is'obviotisly impracticable, in the Federal Govern-
ment of these States, to secure art rights of independent
Sovereignly**# each, and yet provide for the interest and
safety of all, r Individuals entering into society must give
Up. a share oflifeerty to preserve the rest. The magnitude
of-the sacrifice must depend as well on situation and cir-
cumstaace aa on the object to be obtained. It is at ail
times difficult todtaw with precision the line between those
rights; which must be surrendered dnd those which maybe
reserved > and <m the present occasion this difficulty was
increased' by ft difference among the severai States as to
their situation, extent, habits, and particular interests.
"In ail our deliberations on this sutyect we kept steadily
in our view-that which appears to us the greatest interest
of every true'American—the cphsolidation of our Union—
in which is involved our prosperity, felicity ^safety, perhaps
our national existence. This important consideration, seri-
ously and deeply impressed on our minds, led each State
in the Convention to be less,rigi<l on points of inferior mag-
nitude than might have been Otherwiseexpected,andthus
the Constitution which we now present is tfie result of a
spirit of amity and of thatroutual deference and concession
which the peculiarity of our political situation rendered
iodispensable."
These are the sentiments uttered by Washing-
ton on behalf of the Convention which adopted
our Constitution, How worthy now, in this
dark day of .our troubles, in the midst of a revo-
lution brought on us by a disregard of these sen-
timents, that we should emulate the noble ex-
ample here set us. Would that these patriot
sages were now here, in this their country's day
of trial, with their lessons of wisdom, and to
commend them to national approval.
When the Constitution was referred by Con-
fress to the various States for its adoption, we
nd the same enlarged views taken, and often by
the same men who had been in the Convention,
urging reasons why it should be adopted. In the
northern States the effort was to satisfy the peo-
ple of the necessity there was for securing tc> the
South their rights in slave property, and that by
the compromise the North received more than an
equivalent in the ad vantages secured to their com-
merce and navigation. This solemn compact
between the slaveholding and non-slaveholding
States was adopted by the unanimous votes of
the States then present in the Convention. The
dissent of a single State might have marred the
whole scheme of compromises ab elaborately pre-
pared as a basis of the new Constitution, and re-
mitted the States of the Confederacy to a condition
little short pf anarchy.
That the Constitution of 1787 was in truth
founded on a deliberately formed scheme of com-
proratses and eq-uivalents is a historical fact de-
nied by none in terms, but virtually and practi-
cally by many who believe themselves to be states-
men, but who are nevertheless.politicians merely.
The importance of this historical fact justifies, if
it does not demand, an exhibition of the evidence,
in part at least, by which it i? sustained.
Here 'are the declarations of Alexander Hamil-
ton to the New York convention, assembled at
Poughkeepsie, in June, 1788, to pass on the new
Constitution submitted to the States by the Gen-
eral Convention assembled at Philadelphia. I
read from Eliot's Debates, page 2V2. He said:
"in order tiiat the committee may understand clearly
the principles upon which the Convention acted, i think it
necessary to explain some preliminary circumstances.
"Sir,the natural situation of the country seems to di-
vide it? unrests into differentclasses. There aie naviga-
ting and non-navigating States; the northern are propeily
the navigating States; the southern appear to possess
neither the means nor the spirit of navigation. This dif-
ference of situation naturally produces a dissimilarity of
interests and views respecting lorcian commerce. It was
the interest of the northern States that there should be no
restraints on their navigation, and that they should have
full power, by amajotibjln Congress, to make commercial
regulations in favor of their own and in restraint of the
navigation of foreigners. The southern States wished to
impose a restraint on the northern, by requiring that two
thiris in Congress should be requisite to pass an act in
regulation of commerce; they were apprehensive that the
restraints of a navigationlaw would discouragc foreigners,
and by obliging them to employ shipping of the northern
States, would probably enhance their freight. This being
the ease, they insisted strenuously on having this provision
ingrafted in the Constitution; and the northern States were
as anxious in opposing it."
Again:
. " Much has been said of the impropriety of representing
men who have no will of their own.. Whether this be rea-
soning or declamation 1 will not presume to say. It is the
unfortunate situation of the southern States to have a
greatpart of.their population, as well as property, in blacks.
The regulation complained of was one result of the spirit
of accommodation which governed the Convention, and
without thisindulgen.ee no Union could possibly have been
formed. And, sir, considering some peculiar advantages
which we derive, it is entirely just that they should be
gratified. The southern States possess certain staples, to-
bacco, rice, indigo, &c., which must now be capital objects
in treaties of commerce with foreign nations; and the ad-
vantages which they necessarily procure in these treaties
will be felt throughout all the States.
• "'It became necessary, therefore, to compromise, or the
Convention would have dissolved without effecting any-
thing. Would it have been wise and prudent In that body,
in this critical situation, to have deserted their country?
No. Every man who hears me, every wise man in the
United States, would have condemned them. The Conven-
tion were obliged to appoint a committee for accommoda-
tion. In this committee the arrangement was formed as it
now stands, and theirreport was accepted. It was a deli-
cate point, and it was necessary that all parties should be
indulged."
So much for the testimony of a distinguished
northern statesman to the fact that the Constitu-
tion was-a deliberately concocted system of com-
promises—the work of a committee for accommo-
dation?" specially appointed for the purpose, and
in which committee the rights of the slaveholders
were distinctly recognized and guarantied. And
stronger still is his evidence as the representative
of a great navigating and commercial State, as to
the value and importance of the equivalents given
by the South for all the concessions made in the
Convention by the North connected with the sub-
ject of slavery.
The eloquence and fervid zeal of Fisher Ames,
who, like Hamilton, was cut off in the full bJoom
of his intellectual powers, urged the acceptance
of the new Constitution in the Convention of Mas-
sachusetts. He said:
" Shall we put everything that we hold precious to the
hazard by rejecting tins Constitution? We have great ad-
vantages by it in respect of navigation, and it is the general
interests of the States that we should have them. But if
we reject it, what security have we that we shall obtain
them a second time, against the local interests and preju-
dices of other States ?"
I could refer to the opinions at that day of
other distinguished northern statesmen as to the
absolute necessity of introducing, these compro-
mises into the Constitution, and without which
no Union could ever have been formed, but 1 deem
it unnecessary.
To the same effect, and with like arguments,
southern statesmen urged in their conventions the
adoption of the Constitution. In reference to the
fugitive slave clause, Edmund Randolph, in the
Virginia convention, said:
"Were it right to mention what passed in Convention
on the occasion, I njight tell you that the southern States
>—even South Carolina herself— conceived this property
to be secured by these words."
And Judge Iredell,in the North Carolina con-
vention, referring to this clause of the Constitu-
tion, says:
"In some of the northern States theyhave emancipated
all their slaves. If any of our slaves go there and remain
a certain time they would by theirpresent laws be entitled
to their freedom, so that their masters, could not get them
again. This would be extremely prejudicial to the inhab-
itants of the southern States, and to prevent it this clause
is inserted in the Constitution."
In the South Carolina convention for the adop-
tion of the Constitution we have these emphatic
expressions from ChailesCotesworth Pinckney:
u We have obtained a right for the recovery of ourslaves,
in whatever pan of America they may take refuge, which
is a right we had not before."
Mr. Speaker, I may add truly no "such right
existed under our Articles of Confederation, yet
it is equally true that this Congress of the Con-
federation would not pass the celebrated Ordi-
nance of 1787, in reference to the Northwestern
Territory, until a clause for delivering up fugitive
slaves was inseited.
Mr. Speaker, I could add, if necessary, contem-
poraneous expressions going to sustain the same
view from the Legislatures and conventions of
every State to which the Constitution was sub-
mitted for its adoption. I now refer briefly to
the view taken by the courts and the learned com-
mentators upon the Constitution since its adop-
tion.
The passage of the act in reference to fugitive
slaves-in 1793 was not called for by any com-
plaints from the South, but it is historically
known that, upon a call for remedial legislation
upon the subject of the surrender of fugitives from
justice, this question alsp naturally pressed'itself
upon Congress, many of its members having been
in the Convention when the Constitution was
adopted.
The owner of a slave, in the absence of any
law, has the right under the Constitution, upon
the principles of recaption at the common law,
to seize and recapture his slave whenever he can
do it Without a breach of the peace. But cases
may often arise when he cannot lay his hands on
him by reason of obstacles thrown, in the way,,
and hence the necessity of some legislation. This'
opinion and position is fully sustained by Mr.
Justice Story in the opinion delivered in the case
of Prigg t>s. The State of Pennsylvania. In this
decision, announced by a northern judge, he says:
" The fulftrecognition of this right and title was indis-
pensable to the security of tins species of pioperty in all
the slaveholding States, and was'so vital to the preserva-
tion of their domestic interests and institutions that it con-
stituted a fundamental article, without the adoption of
which the Union could not have been iormed."
I will read n© more of that decision. It is
lengthy, and fully discusses the constitutional
question as to the rights of the slave States upon
this subject. I am aware that, since the death of
Judge Story, some fanatic has procured a note to
be appended to the decision, stating that Judge
Story had said, out of court, that the constitu-
tionality of the act was not considered in making
the decision. The facts of this note are so irrec-
oncilable with the decision that I will not insult
the intelligence of the House by further comment
upon it. It has emanated from the brain of some
abolitionist who never had more than one idea m
his head at a time, and that not a very clear one.
To the same effect is the opinion of the su-
preme court of Pennsylvania, by Chief Justice
Filghman, in the case of Wright vs. Deacon, 5
S. and R.,63. He says:
" Whatever may be our opinion on the subject of sla-
veTy, it is well known that our southern brethren would
not have consented to have become parties to a Constitu-
tion under which the United States have enjoyed so much
prosperity, unless their property in slaves had been se-
cured."
And I may add thatallourdistinguished writers
and commentators upon this subject are to the
same effect.
But, Mr. Speaker, I may stop here. Enough
has been said to show the undisputed position of
this question from the foundation of the Govern-
ment to the present day. The law now sought
to be repealed was passed in the discharge of a
solemn duty to the slaveholding States; a duty
enjoined by the Constitution, and which cannot,
in my opinion, be repealed by Congress without
a total disregard of an imperative obligation.
While I give honorable gentlemen, who perhaps
will vote to repeal this law, credit for the sincerity
of their efforts to restore the Union, yet they
should remember, even in the present crippled con-
dition of slavery, that all assaults upon this law,
all efforts to prevent its execution,all movements
to deprive the slave States of its benefits", whether
dictated by morbid sympathy with the fugitive
slave or by hostility to the system of domestic
slavery as it exists, are aimed directly at the Con-
stitution, and consequently the perpetuity of the
Union. It is a right-guarantied to those States
when they entered the Union, and of which they
cannot be deprived so long as the Constitution
and Union stand.
Those now in rebellion repudiate our Govern*
ment, deny the binding force of the Constitution,
and refuse submission to the laws; and to bring
them to the recognition of the one and submission
to the other we have sacrificed hundreds of
thousands of our best men. Wives have been
made widows, children have become orphans,
and the whole country is draped with the habil-
iments of mourning. We have spent several
thousand millions of treasure for the same ob-
jects; and does it become us, standing by the
Government under the Constitution, in our ac-
tion here, and upon a subject so irritating as to
call forth the declaration that it is the sole cause
of the rebellion, to so shape our legislation as to
