THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PIIOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. KITES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15, 1864.
New Series No. 183.
show a disregard of constitutional obligations ?
1 can understand how slavery is to be abolished
by an amendment to the Constitution, according
to the forms prescribed in that instrument, yet
I cannot comprehend how, by our legislation,
we are to accomplish the same object while the
Constitution remains as it is.
Upon what States is this repeal intended to op-
erate? It will not affect Missouri. We, by an
ordinance, have abolished slavery, and there re-
mains to us a very short time that we could have
any benefits from this law, if it is not repealed.
But, practically, it is now repealed to us; we are
under duress in reference to our slave property;
we are not free to act, we are not allowed to as-
sert our rights under the Constitution and laws,
even in ©ur own State, much less to follow it
into a neighboring State and demand, as a consti-
tutional right, that it shall be delivered up. The
ordinance for the emancipation of our slaves was
the result of the will and consent of those who
were the owners of that species of property, upon
an express consideration and promise,authorita-
tively made for those who had the power to keep
it, that if the ordinance was adopted, we should
be protected in our slave property until it should
pass off in accordance with its provisions; but so
soon as the ordinance was adopted we found
those who had been instrumental in making the
pledge urging further spoliations upon this spe-
cies of property, until now we have no encour-
agement to demand constitutional rights, or the
enforcement of municipal laws in reference to our
slaves, and much less in reference to the fugitive
slave law.
The repeal of this law certainly is not intended
to operate upon the States now in rebellion and
which are notunder our control, neither in amil-
itary point of view nor subject to our legislation.
They have thrown off their allegiance to the Gov-
ernment, denied the binding effect and force of
the Constitution and the laws; they have refused
to recognize the common arbiter of our rights,
as provided by the Constitution, and are conse-
quently out of the pale of its protection. Upon
what State and upon whom is it intended the re-
peal shall operate? Is it upon Kentucky—noble
old Kentucky—that this blight, this mark of dis-
approbation, this thrust at her constitutional
rights, this effort to put the mark upon her fore-
head as indelible as was the mark upon the fore-
head of the murderous Cain ? If so, I beg of gen-
tlemen to remember that the end of this revolution
is not yet; 1 entreat them to add no more fuel to
the flame already burning with irresistible fury.
Kentucky, amid the buffeting storm of revolution
raging around her, has been made to reel and
stagger amid the ingulfing floods; yet she has
emerged from all these, and to-day stands as a
beacon light upon a far-off distant promontory,
inviting the weary mariner safely into port.
Amid all the temptations with which she has been
surrounded, she has nobly determined to stand by
the Government, planting herself upon the com-
promises of the Constitution as our fathers made
it, standing ever ready to do equal and exact jus-
tice to men of the North and men of the South.
Her position upon this subject is of the very spirit
and essence of the Constitution. She seeks to
maintain her rights under it, and she has a right
to expect this concession from her sister States.
Is this a fit time to press a policy and give it the
prestige of governmental sanction as one of its
primary qbjects, when in fact it is a mere inci-
dent in the drama of this bloody revolution, and
should be made secondary to our united efforts to
stop the effusion of blood and restore unity and
harmony and fraternity among us? The policy
which seems to be pursued by a dominant ma-
jority here in its effects has but served to intensify
and solidify the eight million of southern people,
while an honest difference of opinion among us
as to the wisdom of these policies has gotten up
a spirit of crimination and recrtmination which
in the end may prove fatal to all our hopes of
success in assuring the friends of liberty every-
where that man is capable of self-government.
183
We seemingly content ourselves with discussing
these secondary and abstract propositions, while
our scarred and veteran legions, as the " horsemen
oflsraeland the chariots thereof,"are pouring out
their lif^s blood upon the battle-field almost
within the sound of the Capitol. Have we no
reason to fear that, having abandoned theoriginal
objects and purposes so unanimously agreed
among us for which this war was to be prose-
cuted, we may find ourselves soon and forever,
like ancient Israel," unkingdomed and a widow,"
and that Mene, tekel upharsin may be written on
the walls of the Republic and Ichabod on our
national colors and columns?
1 mean no crimination upon the commanding
majority here when I declare that the whole sys-
tem of legislation is based upon a false hypothesis;
that we are separating and dividing upon issues
which can be of no practical importance until the
rebellion is overcome, and the rightful jurisdiction
of the Government over our whole national terri-
tory is restored. To give practical effect to our
ultra legislation, other hundreds of thousands of
our men must yet be called to lay down their lives
upon the battle-field. The war must be carried
on upon the idea that the man of death must be
satisfied. God grant that we may seriously re-
flect upon these things, and so shape our future
legislation that there may be but little ground for
difference of opinion among us; and that our united
and harmonious efforts may bring peace to our
borders, a restoration of our Union, the supremacy
of the Constitution, and the observance of the
laws. Then will be the propitious time when he
of the South will not regard too bitterly his brother
of the North for maintaining the heritage of his
fathers at all hazards; and he of the North will not
treat too harshly his brother of the South; but
they will again meet in such a way that
"Their joys will be remembered,
And tlicir horiuws be 1'oigot.'"'
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. This, in the
estimation of my constituents, is a threadbare
subject, and I desire a few minutes only to utter
all 1 wish ta say with reference to the bill. I am
not about to speak of the demerits of slavery, of
its oppressions, ami of its crimes culminating in
treason, for these are to-day as patent to the world
as the sky over our heads or the earth under our
feet. Nor do I care to speak of the monstrous
incompatibility of the existence of these laws pro-
viding for the rendition of fugitive slaves with the
present state, condition, and affairs of the Repub-
lic; for this, too, is as plain to every man as the
" way to parish church." I desire simply to ut-
ter the convictions of my own judgment with ref-
erence to some objections to the repeal of the act
of 1793, discussed in one or the other branch of
the present Congress.
I deny that any constitutional question what-
ever properly arises under the consideration of
the subject-matter of the bill. The Constitution
does not anywhere provide for an enactment by
Congress of any law for the rendition of fugitive
slaves; and if it did, 1 hold that by the treason of
slavery the people are absolved from that  bh-
gation upon their part. This is so by the com-
mon law, and in the nature and fitness of things
it must be so.
I am aware, sir, that slavery still exists to some
extent in some of the loyal States, but I want to say
in the hearing of my friends upon the other Side',
it is not the fault of the Government that the fur-
ther existence of the law for the rendition of fu-
gitive slaves has become altogether inconsistent
with the honor and safety of the Republic. It
is the fault of the institution in which a few indi-
viduals in those States happen to hold or claim to
hold a little stock. And surely it must be com-
petent for this Congress to repeal any act which
it was competent for any other Congress ever to
enact. There can be no question about that.
And I want also to say that I make no distinc-
tion whatever between the act of 1793and the act
of 1850. To-day they are equally obnoxious, and,
in my opinion, equally infamous, i revere the
memory of the founders of the Republic, but I
am not so infatuated as to believe that the fathers
would ever have passed the act of 1793 had sla-
very then been in rebellion against them. The
presumption they would not have passed it un-
der such circumstances is argument enough for
me upon that point of reverence. Could they to-
day, rise up from the ground or come down from
the skies and occupy our seats here, they would
repeal the act of 1793 in the twinkling of an eye.
And I hold that good policy and the highest and
the best interests of the Government require and
most imperatively demand the repeal of those
infamous acts during the present session. Re-
peal them, sir, and you~"Will get fifty thousand
men during the next six months which otherwise
1 fear you will not get at all. You cannot draft
black men into the field while your marshals are
chasing women and children in the woods of Ohio
with a view to render them back into bondage.
The moral sense of the nation, ay, of the world,
would revolt at it. The attempt to draft black
men into the service during the existence of the
fugitive slave acts would cast such a burden of
obloquy upon the Government as would sink it.
But, Mr. Speaker, I asked the floor for five
minutes only, and begin to feel that I am tres-
passing. I therefore conclude by saying that I
rejoice that we are to have the yeas and nays upon
the question of the passage of the bill. It is fit
that American statesmen in this age of the world,
at this period of the great American war; at a time
when the Republic is smarting and bleeding, if
not reeling, under the blows that slavery has given
it, and at a time when a hundred thousand black
men are fighting for the flag and not one against
it; it is fit°that American statesmen here assem-
bled to deliberate and act upon this momentous
question should have an opportunity to record
their votes for posterity to read.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, my friend from Con-
necticut [Mr. Hubbard] insists that we should
record our names on this question by the yeas
and nays. Before doing so, I propose to give a
few reasons why I cannot vote in the affirmative.
I have listened to what has been said in order to
gather from the chaff some grain of reason for
the repeal of the fugitive slave law. Very little
reason has been used in its favor. 1 suppose this
bill is the result of an indefinite impulse. It is
dashed in upon the House without any other con-
sideration than that-slavery is in it, and, without
regard to the Constitution or its sanctions, or to
the judgment of the courts, or to common sense, or
good faith,or timely policy,or any other reason.
Slavery having been placed before the House,'that
side of the House is expected to vote one way, and
this side, of course, must vote the other. Then,
after such an exhibition of votes, gentlemen can
go out to the people and say, " We are the friends
of human freedom, and the Democracy are its
enemies." Is it not time that this contemptible
claptrap had ceased?
The gentleman from Connecticut said that he
revered the fathers of the Republic, but he thought
that they would not vote against the repeal of the
fugitive slave law while slavery was m rebellion.
1 do not know, Mr. Speaker, exactly what the gen-
tleman means by that. I know that slaveholders
aie m rebellion; but I do not, and cannot, under-
stand that the abstract idea of slavery is in rebel-
lion. Such language is as inappropriate as it is
illogical. But does it follow because slaveholders
are in rebellion tluit we are bound to break down
every law that was intended to carry out the Con-
i stitution with respect to the return of fugitive
j slaves? Slaveholders are in rebellion j but who be-
\ lieves that they-would get the benefit of the law?
j And for a very good reason: a line ot force sepa-
i rates them from us; an abyss of blood yawns be-
ll tween them and us, not to be bridged by laws. No,
j i,o. The only peisonswho will ever be the bene-
|! ficiariesof the act for the rendition of fugitives are
I1 the slaveholders not in rebellion, men faithful to the
!| Government of their countiy amid all trials ami
h temptations. lfthegcnlleniaiimeansanythi g,he
Ij means to say that the patriotic and faithful slave-
II holders of Missouri, Kentucky,Tennessee, and
