2914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
other States, shall nothavetheirguarantee for the
reiurn of their slaves under the Constitution of the
United States, to which they have never wavered
in their allegiance. He means to say to them," You
shall go where these revolted slaveholders have al-
ready gojie. We place the penalties of their trea-
son on yourinnocent heads. We add to your ca-
lamities the ingratitude and treachery of the Gov-
ernment to which you have adhered. We do not
want your aid. You shall not have the privilege
of having your slaves returned to you, because
you have been better, truer, nobler men than some
of your brother slaveholders.'* That is the con-
sequence of the gentleman's argument. 1 do not
think that he ever looked at it in that light before,
and it seems to me, from this distance, that there
is a little change coming over his features now
as he it fleets upon it.
Roger Sherman, from the gentleman's own
State, voted for the law of 1793, and George
Washington signed it.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Will the
gentleman from Ohio have the kindness to give
me a second of his time ?
Mr. COX. More than that, sir. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I said that,
in my judgment, the fathers never would have
enacted the law of 1793 had slavery been in re-
bellion against us. That was my statement.
Mr. COX. That is a curious argument. If
the fathers had lived till to-day, I cannot tell what
they would havedone. But the fathers havegone.
We can only judge of what they would do by what
they actually did for a Confederacy like ours.
They put this clause in the Constitution. They
made an injunction on Congress to carry out the
provision of rendering back those who should es-
cape from service or labor. They enjoined it in
the same breath and with the same sanction by
.winell they commanded us their descendants to re-
turn fugitives from justice. They did these things
<o keep peace, friendship, and faith between the
States forever. Tiiey were honest men. During
then-generation and the one succeeding, faith was
kept. The men who made the law of 1793, some of
them helped to cieute the Constitution,and the rest
were theircontempoianes. They were men whose
patriotism the gentleman will notdispute. They
were men "whose names he reverences. But would
hereveience them if he believed that to-day they
would vote to deprive the slaveholders who are
faithful to the Government which they made in
wisdom and amid tribulation, of the very remedies
and rights which were promised as the reward of
fidelity? Would it not be monstrous to revere men
who could so break theirown faith? They would
be worse than then-graceless and degenerate chil-
dren who propose to do the same thing. But
the very idea is an aspersion on their noble fame.
Who aie these u fathers r" Such men as Fisher
Ames, Abraham Baldwin, (an ancestor, 1 sup-
pose, of my friend from Massachusetts, who has
changed very much from his ancestor,) Jonathan
Dayton, Elbridge Gerry, Nathaniel Macon,Fred-
erick A. Muhlenbur**, and Theodote Sedgwick
voted for the act of 1793. In the same Congress
the names of Langdon, Ellsworth, Sheiman,
King, Dickinson, Morns, and Monroe, are found
in the Senate, h passed the Senate without a
division, and almost unanimously m the House.
Mt. BALD W (N, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Ohio allow me a question?
Mr, COX. Ceitainly, sir.
Mr. BALDWIN, ot Massachusetts. Let me
ask the gentleman from Ohio whether the Su-
preme Court did not decide, in the Prigg case,
that the feature of the law requiring State offi-
cials to execute it was unconstitutional?
Mr. COX. The fugitive slave law of 1793?
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. COX. I will read what the court decided
in that case; and I take it that he will abide their
decision. I ask him whether he will abide by j
the decision of the Supreme Court.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I deny
the right ot Congress to legislate upon this sub-
ject at all.
Mr. COX. I must beg the gentleman from
Massachusetts to answer me whether he will
Abide by the .decision of the Supreme Court.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I will
guide my action in this House ky nothing but the
Constitution upon this question.
Mr, COX, Will the gentleman Jake th.e inter.-
pretation of the Supreme Court of the Constitu-
tion and abide by that upon this question?
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman from Ohio will answer my question I
will be obliged to him. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I will answer the gentleman's ques-
tion, that I abide by the law; and now I want to
know whether he will abide by the decision of
the Supreme Court interpreting the law?
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman has not answered my question. [Laugh-
ter.l , m
Mr. COX. I want no quibbling on this sub-
ject. I have answered your question; now answer
mine.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. You have
not answered my question.
Mr. COX. If 1 have not, will the gentleman
please state it over again, and then 1 want an
answer from him.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. The law
of 1793 did not attempt t© engage the General
Government in the business of catching fugitive
slaves; it did not dream of doing that. They
waited until 1850, until Mr.Mason's bill, before
they directed the Federal officers to deliver fugi-
tive slaves. The Supreme Court decided that
portion of the law of 1793 relating to State officers
to be unconstitutional.
Mr. COX. I say to the gentleman that the Su-
preme Court has decided no such thing; but the
majority of the court decided that this power was
exclusively in the United States, while the mi-
nority held the powerto be concurrent both in the
State and the General Government, and that in
the absence of congressional action the States
might carry out this clause of the Constitution in
aid of the claim of an owner of a slave. Its exe-
cution having been committed to the Federal
Government by the law of 1850,*the laws of the
United States in that respect are the paramount
laws of Jhe land. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts abide by the decision of the Supreme
Court thus interpreting the law?
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. COX. No, sir. I hope the gentleman
fiom Massachusetts will not come in to help his
colleague. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. 1 want to know whether I un-
derstand the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. COX. Oh yes; I think th& gentleman
did understand me perfectly, and I object to his
coming to the assistance of his colleague, who is
large enough to take care of himself. [Laughter.]
It is as much as \ can do to see through him.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Then I
hope the gentleman will answer my question.
Mr. COX„ Now, Mr. Speaker, I want further
to tell the gentleman what the Supreme Court
did decide in the case of Prigg. He will find it
reported in 16 Peters, page 543. It is there de-
cided " that the act of the 12th of February, 1793,
is clearly constitutional in all its leading provis-
ions, and indeed, with the exception of that part
which confers authority upon State magistrates,
is free from reasonable doubt or difficulty." In
every other respect they decide it is free from all
doubt and difficulty. Now, I want the gentle-
man fiom Massachusetts not to turn his back
upon me and the subject, but to answer me
whether he will abide by the law of 1850, made
in 0-orrespondence with the decision of the Su-
preme Court?
Mr. BALDWIN,of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman to read that part of the decision which
relates to State officers.
Mr. COX. I am calling the attention of my
friend to the whole decision of the Supreme Court
on this law. And when the gentleman says he
will vote to repeal the fugitive slave law because
it is unconstitutional, I want him to understand,
as I have shown him, that the Supreme Court
hasdecided that, in all their leading features, both
the law of 1793 and the amendment of 1850 are
constitutional.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I repeat
again that the Supreme Court has decided one
portion of that law to be unconstitutional, and as
an additional reason for it I will state that the gen-
tleman refuses to answer my question. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. COX. I have answered the gentleman as
fully as I waa able. I referred him to this de-
cision of the Supreme Court, and read from it to
the point; now I want to indulge him further by
reading what Judge McLcan says upon the same
subject: . t
" Congiess have legislated on the constitutional power
and have directed the mode m which it shall be executed.
The act of 1793 it is admitted covers the whole ground,
and that it is the constitutional oae, there seems to be no
reason to doubt."—16 Peters, 669.
There has not been since the law of 1793 any
hostile decision, except in Wisconsin, in the Booth
case, which was overruled by the Supreme Court
of the United States. In that case the latter court
say, speaking of the act of 1850:
" In the judgment of this court the act of Congress, com-
monly called the fugitive slave law, is, in all of Us pro-
visions, fully authorized by the Constitution of the United
States."
Suppose the States have concurrent power, as
the minority of the Supreme Court of the United
States once held,and might exercise such power
in aid of the claimant of a slave in the absence of
a law of Congress, does it follow that we should
break our bond and repeal the law as it exists ?
Does it not follow that the remedy should be re-
tained and made adequate? We are .authorized
not only to exercise the power to carry out the
specific grant, but, as if to place this question
beyond cavil, we are authorized by the Consti-
tution " to make all laws which shall be necessary
and proper for carrying into execution the fore-
goingpowers, and all other powers vested by this
Constitution in the Government of the United
States, or in any department."
Having thus obliged the gentleman, I ask, in
common fairness, will he stand by the Supreme
Court of the United States?
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I ask
the gentleman from Ohio to read that part of the
Prigg case which relates to ordering State offi-
cials.
Mr. COX. I have read it. With the excep-
tion of that part of the law of 1793 which confers
authority on State magistrates, all of that law is
free from doubt. But how does that help the
gentleman ? Not a whit. The law of 1850 con-
forms to that decision, but the anarchists will not
agree to abide by either the law or its authorita-
tive interpretation. Some gentlemen, like the
gentleman from Massachusetts, haveargued that
this matter was exclusively in the power of the
States. The Supreme Court have said otherwise;
and in one case the minority have said that it is
concurrent, and that when the power is devolved
on the Federal authorities that law which de-
volves it is of paramount obligation. Will the
gentleman stand by that?
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Para-
mount within the range of the Constitution ?
Mr. COX. Yes, sir; under the Constitution,
paramount. But I will have done with this trifling.
The gentleman does not expect ever to obey the
laws of the United States as interpreted by the
Supreme Court of the United States. It is not
the doctrine of the party of the gentleman from
Massachusetts. The President in his inaugural
gave to the Supreme Court the benefitof his opin-
ion of their authority in such matters. The Repub-
lican party was built on the idea that the Constitu-
tion should be interpreted according to the peculiar
idea or conscientious conviction of each individ-
ual. And one of the chief causes of our troubles
to-day is that very idea, nursed m Massachusetts
and other States, that they would interpret all
laws to suit themselves. Regardless of Federal
laws passed in pursuance of the Constitution,
they began that practical nullification which se-
cession so well copied. In Ohio, in Wisconsin,
and other States, following the teachings of Mas-
sachusetts, the party on the other side of the
House, on this very matter of fugitives, has raised
the standard of sedition and rebellion against the
authority of the United States. If the gentleman
wants any proof of my assertion, unpleasant as
is the retrospect, I can furnish it to him.
The infraction of this very law and the Con-
stitution which requited it to be made was the
great cause of the trouble between the two sec-
tions of the country. One of the reasons for the
departure of the southern States was the bad faith
of northern States—the fatal infringement of this
part of the Constitution. It was because of per-
sonal liberty bills, John Brown raids, and general
denunciation and intermeddling with slavery; it
was because you of Massachusetts would not
