1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think it is,
as long as I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman is in order, under the rales, for one hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
propose to occupy an hour. 1 do not wish to take
up the time of the House. I merely wish to show
to the House and the country what will be the
effect of the adoption of the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio. By my motion the whole ques-
tion is left open with an instruction to your com-
mittee of conference that in the adjustment of the
differences between the two Houses they may
take into consideration this question of taxing the
stock on hand from twenty to forty cents a gallon.
That is the whole matter, and I now demand the
previous question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope my colleague will not
insist on the previous question after discussing
the matter himself.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. * I have only
stated the proposition as it stands before the
House.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question being first upon agreeing to Mr.
Pendleton's motion that the House do recede
from its disagreement to the amendments of the
Senate,
Mr. PENDLETON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 53, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Mespis. James C. Allen, Ancona, Baily, Bliss,
Blow, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Coffroth, Cole, Dennison,
Eldiidge, Fenion, Finck, Gns>wold, Harrington, Holinan,
Hooper, KeUcy, King, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Long, Love-
joy, Matey, Margin, McBude, Mclndoo, Miridleton, VVil
ham H. Miller, Morrifl, Leonard Myer*, Nelson, Noble,
Chailes O'Neill, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Pomeroy, Sam-
uel J. Randall, Schenck, Scott, Shannon, Snnthcia, Sle-
veils, Stiles, Strouse, Thayer, Van Valken burgh, Vooihceg,
Wluiley, Chilton A. White, Wilder, and Winfield—53.
NAYS—Muasis. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Augustus O. Baldwin. John D. Baldwin, Beamiin,
Jacob B. Blair, Boutwell, Boyd, Brandegee, James S.
Brown. William G. Brown, Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark,
Clay, Cox, Creswell, Dawes, Deming, Dixon. Donnelly,
Dumont. EckJey, Eden, Eliot, Frank, Gansnn, Garfield,
Gilder, Gnnnell, Harding, Charles M. Hams, Heniok, Iiig-
by, Ilotehklss. Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbaid,
Hutclinw, Junckes, Italbfloiseli, Kasson, Francis YV. Kel-
logg, Orlando Kellogg, Kernan, McClutg, Samuel F. Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Daniel Morris, Morrison, Amos Myers,
Noiton, Pcrham, Pike, Piiee, Radfoiil, Alexander H. liiee,
John H. Riee, ]?o«s, Seofield, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Steb-
bins, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stuart, Sweat,
Thomas, Tracy, Wad&worth, Elihu B. Washbinne, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Joseph W. White, Williams, Wilson,
and Windom—78.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ASHLEY stated that on the question of
this bill he was paired ofF with Mr. Morris, of
Ohio, who would have voted "ay," while he
[Mr. Ashley] would have voted " no."
Mr. BAXTER stated that he was paired olFon
this question with Mr. Blaine.
Mr. ANDERSON stated that his colleagues
Messrs. Randall and Smith were absent incon-
sequence of sickness.
Mr. BEAMAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Upson, was confined to his room by sickness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The question recurred on Mr. Washburne's
resolution.
Mr. J. G. ALLEN. I understood the Speaker
to decide that the resolution was indivisible.
TheSPEAKER. It is indivisible, being a mo-
tion to refer the bill with instructions.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. The question that I de-
sire to ask the Chair is this: suppose the House
vote down the resolution instructing the commit-
tee, will it be then in order to move the appoint-
ment of another committee without instructions?
The SPEAKER. It would be if the motion
were made before the House passes to the con-
sideration of other business—the bill being still
before the House.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I give notice that I will
make that motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. Has the Speaker decided
that the resolution cannot be divided, so as to
have a vote on the appointment of the committee
and a vote on the instructions?
The SPEAKER. The rule, to be found on
pa^e 49 of Barclay's Digest, is that a motion to
commit with instructions is indivisible.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have de-
manded the previous question, and the House is
now acting under that demand, so that all this
debate is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer all
proper inquiries put to him as to parliamentary
points which are not in the nature of debate.
Mr. LOVEJOY. This is nota motion to com-
mit with instructions, it is a motion to appoint
a committee. Now, cannot the House by one
vote appoint a committee, and then by another
vote decide whether it will instruct the committee
or not? That certainly is divisible.
The SPEAKER. The rule is on page 49 of
the Digest: 6i A division of the question is not in
order on a motion to commit with instructions,
or on different branches of instructions." *
Mr. SCHENCK. Iask the Chair whetherthis
is a motion to commit at all; whether it is not a
motion to create a committee ? Having created it,
then a motion to instruct would be an entirely
different thing.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair has already stated
that the every-day practice of the House is to au-
thorize special committees to be appointed, with
instructions to perform certain acts. The present
resolution is to refer the bill and amendments to
a conference committee with instructions.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I inquire if this can
be called a conference committee, when we tie the
hands of our conferees?
The SPEAKER. It is in the power of the
House to tie up the hands of any of its commit-
tees, otherwise the whole power would be in the
hands of a Speaker in appointing the committee.
The Chair would draw the attention of the House
to the fact that the resolution refers the whole
subject, as the Chair understands its phraseology,
to the conference committee already appointed.
The Chair supposes that that might not have been
the intention of the mover of the resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does this continue the old
committee of conference?
The SPEAKER. It would seem to the Chair
to effect that result.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I only ask
that the last part of the resolution shall be before
the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is it not a resolution to
create a committee?
Mr. LOVEJOY. As this refers to the practice
of the House, I wish to ask the Chair whether any
such practice has prevailed?  
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
this constant questioning of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has answered
questions put for the purposeof obtaining inform-
ation, but questions tending to debate, or in the
nature of debate, the Chair cannot answer under
the previous question.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I rise to a question of
order. Under the construction which the Speaker
has given to this resolution the whole subject is
referred back again to a committee of conference
which has already reported,and which is now, to
ail intents and purpos< functus officii. It has dis-
charged the duty imposed upon it by the House;
and, therefore, its duty having been discharged,
this subject cannot be recommitted to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, on the ground that whenever a
select committee is appointed and has discharged
its duties, a reference of similar matter to it by
the House revives the committee. Thegentleman
from Illinois is aware that that is also a nearly
every-day practice. The adoption of this reso-
lution would therefore revive the committee of
conference.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. In answer to that I have to
say that the conference between the two Houses
ceased the moment the committee made its report.
Such has been the piactice universally recognized
in this House, that the functions ot a committee
of conference ceased with their report to the
House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call my
colleague to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of oider that the committee of conference closed
its labors with the rendition of its report, but the
House by referring other matter to the committee
revives u.
Mr. KING-. I rise to a point of order. The
resolution seems to contemplate referring new
matter to the committee about which there is no
difference between the two Houses. I understood
the Speaker to decide the other day that no point
about which there was no difference or contro-
versy between the two Houses should be consid-
ered by the committee. *
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the
gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is in order.
He is stating his point of order.
Mr. KING. If this be submitted to the com-
mittee of conference it will be within the power
of that committee to add twenty cents to the tax
upon the stock on hand when there is no point of
difference between the two Houses on the subject.
The SPEAKER. The committee can add one
hundred cents tax if the matter be referred to
them. It is within the power of the House to
determine.
The question recurred on the resolution of Mr.
Washburne, of Illinois.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. COX. I want to ask a question for in-
formation. What will be the condition of the
bill—the tax on the article manufactured 
The SPEAKER. That can only be asked by
unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object. _
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Beaman,
Jacob B. Blair, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Brandegee, James *
S. Brown, William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Clay,
Cole, Creswell, Dawes, Dawson, Deming, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Driggs Dumont, Eckloy, Eliot, Farnsworth, Frank,
Ganson, Gai field, Grinnell, Hale,Higby, Hotehkiss, Asahei
\V. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hutchins, Jenckes, Kalb-
fleischj Kasson, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg,
Kernon, Longyeai, McAllister, McClurg, Samuel F.Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Daniel Morris, Morrison, Amos Myers,
Norton, Perham,PiKe, l'riee, lladford, Alexander II. Rice,
John H. Rice, Ross, Scofield, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Steb-
bins, John B. Steele, Sweat, Thomas, Tracy, Elihu B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, Webster, Whaley,
Williams, Wilson,and Windom—76.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Baily, Francis
P. Blair, Bliss, Blow, Brooks, Chanler, Freeman Ciarke,
Cobb, Cofl'roth, Cox, Dennison, Eden, Eldridge, Fenton,
Finck, Grider, Griswold, Harding, Harrington, Chat left M.
Harris, Herriek, Holinan, Hooper, Kelley, King, Knapp,
Law, Lazear, Long, Lovejoy, Mallory, Marcy, Marvin,
McBride, McDowell, Mclndoe, McKinney, Middlcton,
William H. Miller, Moriill, Leonard Myers, Nelson, No-
ble, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Pomeroy,
Samuel J. Randall, Rogers, Schenck, Scott, Shannon,
Smithers, Stevens, Stiles, Strou&e, Stuart, Thayer, Van
Valkenburgh, Voorhees, Wadsworih, Chilton A. Wiiite,
Joseph W. White, Wilder, and Winfield—67,
So the resolution was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. DAWES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Goocn,absenton the business of the House, was
paired with Mr. Robinson.
Mr. STILES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Johnson, was still confined to his house by sick-
ness.
Mr. ELDRIDGE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Wheeler, was detained from the House by ill-
ness.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to re-
considci be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE,oflilinois, moved that he
be excused from further service on thecommittee
of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Spalding to
fill the vacancy.
FREEDMKN's AFFAIRS AGAIN. '
The House then resumed the consideration of
House bill No. 51, to establish a Bureau ofFreed-
men's Affairs.
Mr. ELIOT took the floor.
Mr. WADS WORTH. I appeal to the gentle-
ma n from Massachusetts to let me state my ob-
jections to the bill.
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot yield.
Mr. WADSWORTH. The demand for the
previous question came unexpectedly upon me.
My State has a deep interest in this matter.
Mr. KERNAN. We will not let the time oc-
cupied by the gentleman from Kentucky he taken
j out of the hour of the gentleman from Massa-
i chusetts.
