1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
exempted from. I ask this House if they can for
one moment indulge these men in any such
scheme.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate upon this
question.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and theSpeaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had the
state of the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly the internal revenue bill, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the House
shall again resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, all debate upon
the pending section shall be terminated in one
minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of theWholeon the state of the Union,
(Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the internal revenue
bill.
Mr. FINCK. I desire to offer the following
as an additional section to the bill:
Sec. —. Jl rid be it further enacted, That the several as-
sessments made under the provisions of this act in the sev-
eral counties of the States, may be collected by the eounly
treasurers or other collectors ot" taxes in the respective
counties in the States : Provided, Thatsuch collector, he-
fore entering upon the dischaige of their duties under this
act,shall each execute a bond payablctothe United States
in such form, with such security, and for such amount, and
with such conditions as may he prescnb"d by tile Secretaiy
of the Treasury for the faithful discharge of their respect-
ive duties, and shall be entitled to receive for said collec-
tion such compensation as may be allowed for like collec-
tions of State taxes in their respective States.
Mr. UPSON. I rise to a point of order. I sub-
mit that we have disposed of all the reserved sec-
tions and that the consideration of the bill has
been completed by the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
reported thattlie Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration,
as a special order, the internal revenue bill, and
had instructed l«m to report the same to the
House willi sundry amendments, and with the
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. MORRILL. I move the previous ques-
tion on the bill and all pending amendments.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Will the gentle-
man from Vermont withdraw the motion for a
moment that I may offer ail amendment as an
additional section ?
Mr. MORRILL. On what subject?
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD, lt'is the amend-
ment in regard to impoited liquors, which I of-
fered in commi'tee.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw the previous
question for that purpose.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment as an additional section:
Jind be it fHither enacted, That so much of the seventh
section of the act of March 7, 1834, to increase the inter-
nal levenue, &c., as levies a tax of foity cents a gallon on
spirits impoited prior to Mai eh 7,1^64, lie ami is heieby re-
pealed, and that'the Secretary ot the Tieaeuiy be directed
to refund to persons paying the same all moneys thus ex-
acted on spirits impoited piior to said March 7, 18b4.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal to
the gentleman from Veimont to let ilie countei-
proposition come in fur the taxation of spirits on
hand. That is but just and fair. We can have
n vote on it by yeas and nays, and let our con-
stituents see how we voted on this question.
Mr. MORRILL. I decline to withdraw the
previous question. .  
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Tuenlhope
the House will not second it.
The question being oil seconding the demand
for the previous question,
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and Messrs.
Morrill, and Washburne of Illinois, were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 43, noes 67.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now offer
this amendment as an additional section.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I offer
it as a substitute for the amendment of the gentle-
man from New York.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
Jlmt be it further cnaded, That all spirits of domestic pro-
duction and held for sale on the 1st day of May, 1864, and
on which no tax shall have been paid, shall be subject to a
duty of fifty cents per gallon; and ali such spirits held lor
sale on which a puor duty shall have been paid, shall be
subject to a duty of thirty cents per gallon : Provided fur-
ther, That bona fide retail dealers in spirits, duly licensed,
shall not be taxed on their stock on hand, whose quantity
on hand does not exceed two barieis.
Mr. MORRILL. I now demand the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded, (there
being, on division—ayes 63, noes 48,) and the
main question ordered.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
one of its cleiks, announced that the Senate had
passed the following bills and joint resolution, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House:
An act (No. 236) to provide for granting an
honorable discharge to coal-heavers and firemen
in the naval service;
Joint resolution (No. 44) for the relief of clerks
at the Kiltery and Philadelphia navy-yards; and
Anaci (No. 256) to change and define the bound-
aries of tlie eastern and western judicial districts
of Virginia, and to alter the names of said dis-
tricts, and for other purposes.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act (H. R.
No. 300) for the classification of the clerks to pay-
masters in the Navy, and graduating their pay,
with an amendment, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
RELIEF TO EAST TENNESSEE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting an address to the
President of the United States and through him
to both Houses of Congress, on the condition of
the people of East Tennessee, and asking atten-
tion to the necessity of some action on the part of
tlie Government for their relief, which address is
presented by a committee ofan organization called
the East Tennessee Relief Association. The Pres-
ident, while deeply commiserating the condition
of that mostloyal and suffering people, states that
he is unprepared to make any specific recommend-
ation for their relief, the military doing its best
for them. The address suggests that a direct rail-
road communication between Knoxvilleand Cin-
cinnati,by way of central Kentucky, would be of
great consequence in the present emergency,and
the President declares his readiness, with the
hearty concurrence of Congress, to construct the
road, both for the relief of those people and for its
continuing of military importance.
The message was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
MILITARY POSITION OF A MEMBER.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from the
President:
To the House of Representatives:
In obedience to a resolution of your honorable body, a
copy of which i-j heieby returned, I have the honor to
make the following brief statement, which is believed to
contain the inlormatton sought:
Prior to, and at the meetum of the present Congress.
Robert O. Schenek, of Ohio, and Frank P. Blair, jr., of
Missouri, membeis elect tlieicto, by and with the consent
ot tile Senate held commissions irom the £.\ccutive as
major generals in the volunteer army. General Schenek
tciKleied the i esignation of his said commission and took
ins seat m the House of Ilepiesentatives at the assembling
thereof, upon the distinct vcibul'uiidcrstaiidmg with the
Secretary of War and the Executive that lie might, at any
tune during the session, at his own pleasuie, withihaw
said lesignation and return to the field. .General iliair
was, by tempoiaty agiecment With General Sheunail, m
command ol a corps through the battles in front of Chat-
tanooga, and in the march to the relief of Knoxvilie, which
o-'cum-d in the latter days of December last, and ol course
was not present at the assembling of Congress. WJien he
subsequently arrived here, he sought and was alldweet"1>y
the Secretary of War and the Executive the same condi-
tion* and promise as allowed and made to General Selienci.
General Schenek has not applied to withdraw his resigna-
tion, but when General Grant was made lieutenant gen-
eral, produci tig some change of commanders, General liiair
sought to be assigned to command of a corps.. This was
made known to Generals Grant and Sherman, and assented
to by them, and the particular eorps_ for him designated.
Tiiis was all arranged and understood, as now remembered,
as much as a month ago; but the withdrawal of General
Blair's resignation, and making the order assigning liim to
the command of a corps, were not consummated at the
War Department until last week, pei haps on the 23d of
April, instant. As a summary of the whole, it may be
stated that General Blair holds no military commission or
appointment other than herein stated, and that it isjie-
lieveil lie is now acting as major general upon the assumed
validity of the commission herein stated, and not other-
wise. There are some letters, notes, telegrams, orders,
entries, and perhaps other documents, in connection with
this subject, wllich it is believed would throw no additional
light upon it, but which wili be cheerfully furnished if de-
sired. A BR All AM LINCOLN.
Jifril 2$, 1864.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the message be
printed and referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Mr. SCHENCK. I observe, much to my sur-
prise, that my name occurs in the communication
from the President which has just been read; and
I think it proper before any reference of it to the
Committee of Elections that I should make some
statement in reference to my connection with the
matter of which it treats. There appears to be
some misapprehension on the part of the Presi-
dent. 1 shall content myself with recounting
briefly the circumstances under which I resigned
my commission in the Army,and the relation in
which that placed me to this House.
Mr. KALBFLE1SCH. 1 desire to know what
is before the House that is debatable.
The SPEAKER. The message of the Presi-
dent is before the House by unanimous consent,
and the gentleman from Ohio has the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I say that 1 shall content
myself with stating what occurred so far as I my-
self am concerned. I was elected to this Con-
gress by the people of the third district of Ohio
in the autumn of 3863, in ffiy absence, while en-
gaged in military seivice, or rather at a time
when, by the chances of war, I happened to be
disabled, and it was not certain whether I could
return to .active duty. This forced upon me
subsequently, when again in command, the ques-
tion whether I should leave the service and take
the position tendered me in this body, or decline
a place here, and leave my constituents to make a
new election. For some time I doubted what
it was my duty to do. As the time approached,
when it became necessary that it should be known
whether I was-to take my seat as a Representative
or not, in order that if 1 declined seasonable op-
portunity might be given for holding a special
election to fill the vacancy, 1 felt it obligatory
.''upon me to decide that question.
My own preference was to remain with the
Army. I had gone in for the warand wished to
see it through. My constituents,generally, and
many other friends in Ohio and elsewhere, desired
me to take my seat here. Others, whose judg-
ment accorded with my own personal inclination,
advised and urged me to remain in military ser-
vice. I had a conversation with the Secretary of
War upon the subject. 1 stated to him that I de-
cidedly preferred, on many accounts, to continue
in the military service or to return to it, and that
I felt unwilling to go into Congress-unless I could
be sure that if I wished to return I could be re-
stored with the same rank and date I had before
held. Iwastold by the Secretary thatthere would
be no difficulty he thoughtabout that. Somethir,,
was said in the course of the conversation about
the possibility of rescinding at a future time the
order accepting my resignation, when I should
wish again to go into the Army; and the sugges-
tion was made also that I might be reappointed,
if that should appear to be the proper way of re-
storing me to my position. There was no agree-
ment, no distinct understanding, between Mr.
Stanton and myself as to how it should be done.
1 remember this clearly, and I know it also
from the fact that it was my impression then, as
it is my opinion now, that I would have to l>e re-
appointed. The question how was little con-
sidered, and was passed by. The Secretary only
assured me that it could be at ranged and under-
stood as I deaiieil. He concurred in my opinion
