1940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
that to remove my disqualification for taking a
seat in Congress, my resignation of my military
commission must be absolute, it was, of course,
known that the President would have the power
to appoint me with the same rank and date i had
before. I asked the Secretary of War if it was
necessary for me to converse with the President
on the subject before resigning. He said he
thought not; that he would himself speak to the
President. In a subsequent conversation at the
War Department, Mr.. Stanton informed me that
he had mentioned the subjcct to the President, and
the President concurred with him that the matter
could be arranged, so that 1 could return to the
military service when 1 desired. Nothing was
said about any particular time to which I was to
be limited; whether it'was to be during this ses-
sion of Congress or at a later day. I supposed,
however, that of course it would have to be within
what might be stated, in general terms, as a rea-
sonable time.
In this state of facts, on the 14th of November
last, I tendered to the President my resignation,
to take effect op the 5th December, 1863. Atthe
same time, in a letter to the Secretary of War,
inclosing and forwarding the resignation, I re-
quested that I might be relieved from my com-
mand as soon thereafter as might be convenient.
My resignation was accepted, and of that accept-
ance I received formal notice at Baltimore, on the
21st of November, and in pursuance of orders, on
the 5th of December, there being no other suc-
cessor assigned, I turned over the command of my
department and corps to Brigadier General Lock-
wood, who was the officer in the department next
in rank. Thus it was that on the 7th of Decem-
ber last I came here and took my seat as a mem-
ber of the national Legislature, not understanding
then or now, and not claiming then or now, to be
still, in any sense, in the military service.
One other explanation I am reminded to add
here, suggested by my friend and colleague on
the Military Committee, [Mr. Odell.] 1 re-
ceived my pay as a major general up to the time
1 left the service, and I have drawn pay as a
member of Congress £aom the beginning of this
session. I have taken no double pay. I do not
believe I am entitled to it; but if I am I shall not
take it.
Mr. Speaker, I have made these remarks simply
that there may be no misapprehension as to my
own views in regard to my relation to this House,
and only because my name and case were al-
luded to in the message from the President.
Mr. DAWES demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the message was ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote^
just taken; and also moved that the motion tore-
consider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL—-AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont having reported the bill is entitled to an
hour to close the debate.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to avail myself of that privilege except to
mukeafew observations explanatory of thestate of
the bill now before the House. But first allow me
to say, in behalf of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Stebbins,] that some remaiks which were
made here a fe\fr days ago in reference to his po-
sition as to the tax upon brokers have, perhaps,
been misunderstood. I desire to say that while
he was in favor of taxing the brokers to the ex-
tent that he deemed their business would bear,
lie was not in favor of making it so high as to be
regarded as extravagant as I know he would have
regarded the amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. Speaker, we have raised the tax on refined
petroleum, as leported in the original bill, from
twenty cents to twenty-five cents per gallon. In
addition to that we have placed a tax upon ciudc
petroleum of one dollar per barrel, which will
make it about equal to thirty cents per gallon.
Wc have also provided fora drawback upon crude
petroleum. If now the House vote down the
amendment of five per cent, per gallon it would
leave the tax twenty cen's per gallon upon refined
petroleum. If we should do that then it is pos-
sible that the other tax might be allowed to remain.
But it seems to me to be excessive to allow both
to remain. I individually hope that the tax on
crude petroleum will be voted down, and that then
the drawback will be voted down.
In relation to railroads, we have stricken out
the proviso by which they were allowed to charge
the increase of tax upon passengers and freight.
This is a provision that would benefit them to
some extent. I suppose it would reach only a
small number of railroads in the whole country.
If the provision is suffered to remain it will leave
these railroads in the condition they would be
without the tax. They can go up to the maxi-
mum which they are allowed to do under State
laws. If this provision be voted down they would
be subject to the tax without being able to go be-
yond the maximum. I think we ought to leave
these roads with the same rights they enjoyed
previous to the tax.
There is another subject where I fear we may
have cripplcd the law, and that is by putting in
the amendment in relation to the validity of prom-
issory notes, checks, and other instruments in
writing. I regard that provision in the present
law as an important one; and I fear if we solely
rely on penalties we Bhall much impair the effi-
ciency of this part of the act.
I have a word to say in respect to the income tax.
There is no provision in the bill like that reported
from the Committee of the Whole. On all other
subjects we tax every man alike. We do not
tax the manufacturer or producer of merchandise
a greater percentage because he manufactures or
produces more than his neighbor. No State has
ever taxed on this principle or ever will. This
provision goes upon the principle of taxing a man
more because he is richer than another. The very
theory of our institutions is entire equality; that
we m$ke no distinction between the rich man and
the poor man. The man of moderate means is
just as good as the man with more means, but
our theory of government does not admit that he
is better, and I regard it as an evidence of the
spirit of agrarianism to present a law here which
shall make any such distinction. It is seizing
property of men for the crime of having too
much, lean speak fail I y on this subject because
I do not belong to this class. We have too few
rich men in the country to make a distinction
that may induce them to expatriate themselves
during the season of the large taxation which we
are obliged to enforce. If like true and loyal
men they pay as do other men upon all they pos-
sess, is not that enough? I know of one man
in this House, who, I believe, has done that, and
contributed to the comfort of the soldier not less
than five times the amount of his taxes in addi-
tion. Let us be just. I believe the result of this
differential system of duties upon men of large
wealth will be to make them go abroad in order
to escape the taxation. On the boundaiy line of
my own State 1 fear it may be so. In this prop-
osition there seems to me to be something un-
just; and I can say that without any partiality,
for I am not one of those who will be reached
by it.
In relation to the bank tax and the additional
section adopted on motion of the gentleman from
Illinois, I really hope the House will vote them
down, for the reason that we shall reach the
question of bank taxation in another and inde-
pendent bill. It is a question of so much import-
ance that it ought not to be incorporated into
this bill, for thereby we shall certainly retard its
progress through the other branch of Congress.
In relation to the tax of liquors on hand, it has
been debated and discussed over and over again.
We all of us know it cannot pass the Senate.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. I desire to
know upon what authority the gentleman makes
that statement.
Mr. MORRILL. Upon former votes.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I am ad-
vised differently, and that the Senate has been
greatly enlightened since the former votes were
taken, and that they will adopt our amendment
if it is incorporated into the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I think the gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. At any rate
that is no good argument why the House should
not impose th^ tax.
Mr. MORRILL. I am sure it will retard the
progress of this bill for many days, and I think
I know whereof 1 speak as well as the gentleman
from Illinois. Gentlemen have made up their
record upon this subject. I would be glad to go
with them and reach this large amount of revenue,
but I do not believe it would be consistent with
the principles of fair legislation. I desire that
this bill snail go forth to the country with noth-
ing in it to which anybody can object as unjust
or unequal. I have no further remarks to make.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read the
first amendment reported from the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Vermont whether he proposes to take a
vote upon all these amendments one at a time?
Mr. MORRILL. I propose to indicate a few
amendments upon which I desire a separate vote,
and then to leave other gentlemen to indicate the
amendments upon which they desire a separate
vote, and then to take a vote upon all the rest in
a body.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. At this time,or will you
wait until the amendments are printed?
Mr. MORRILL/ Now.
The SPEAKER. The Chairwould ask whether
the amendments shall be considered seriatim—
and there are about five hundred of them—or
whether gentlemen desiring a separate vote upon
any amendments shall name them, and a vote be
taken on the remainder in a body?
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 suggest that the vote be
taken upon each proposition as it is read.
Mr. MORRILL. Does the gentleman from In-
diana understand the proposition ? I propose to
indicate the several amendments upon which 1 de-
sire a separate, vote, and then I am willing that
other gentlemen shall do the same thing, and after
that we take a vote upon all the rest together.
Mr. IIOLMAN. It is understood, however,
that as the amendments are reported any gentle-
man may call for a separate vote?
The SPEAKER. Unless unanimous consent
is given, the amendments must be taken seriatim.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman from
Vermont propose they shall not be reported ?
The SPEAKER. The proposition is that
every member designate what he desires a sep-
arate vote upon, and that upon all the other amend-
ments the vote shall be taken in a body.
No objection being made, the proposition was
agreed to; and under the operation thereof all the
amendments reported to the House from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
were agreed to, except those upon which a sep-
arate vote was requested, as appears below:
On page 11G, strike out lines forty-one, foity-two, and
forty-three, which are as follows:
And all ga& companies are heioby authorized to add the
duty or tax imposed by law to the price per thousand cubic*
feet on gas sold.
Mr. DEMING called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes 43,
noes 58.
Add at the end of the section the following proviso:
Provided, Tnat so much of tiio act approved July 11,
1862, u making umber appropriation5! for Mindly civil ex-
penses of the Government lor the year ending 30th June,
1863,and additional appiopnation&lorthe year endmg30th
June, lSG'V as limits the price to be paid to the Washing-
ton Gas-Light Company per hundred cubic feet of gas fur-
nished by it to the Government and other consumers, be
and the same is hereby lepealed.
The amendment was disagreed to.
On page 117, in line sixty-two, after the word " twenty"
insertufiveso that it will lead:
On coal-illuminating oil and naphtha,benzine, and ben-
zole, refined, pioduced by the distillation ofooal,dsphailum,
shale, peat, petroleum, m rock oil, and all oth*jr bitumin-
ous substances usedfoi like puiposes,a duty of twenty-five
cents pel gallon.
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes 19,
noes 73.
Tn line sixty-five of the f-anic page and scction, stiiko out
"twelve"' and mseit "fifteen" m lieu thereof; so that the
proviso will lead:
Provided, That su^h oil, refined and produced by the dis-
tillation of eoni exclusively, shall be subject to pay a duty
of fifteen cents per gallon, anj thing to the contrary not-
withstanding.
The amendment was agreed to.
On page 118, at the end of the same scction insert a on
crude petroleum one dollar pei bariol."
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes 43,
noes 60.
On page 212, at the end of line thirty-four, Insert:
«/?w/ provided fmther. That there shall be on allowance
