894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. ELIOT. How much time does the gentle-
man want?
Mr. WADSWORTH. Only a few moments.
Mr. ELIOT. I want a Yote to-day, and I pre-
fer to have voting rather than speaking from
either side of the House. I think that the House
is ready to vote, and I am willing to give up my
right to elose the debate for that purpose.
Mr. COX. This side of the House will give
you the time taken up by the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. ELIOT. I will yield to the gentleman from
Kentucky, if he can state what he wants to in ten
minutes.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I think I can.
Mr. ELIOT. Then 1 yield to the gentleman
for that length of time.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I am
content to leave the discussion of the eleemosy-
nary features of this bill and ics details to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] and oth-
ers better acquainted with the subject and with
more time to develop it.
1 did not expect the previous question would
be so soon moved on a bill so important as this
is. I desired to be heard upon it at some length
before the vote was taken. I regard it as one of
the most radical and important bills introduced
into this most radical Congress. I must, in view
of the few moments only accorded me by the gen-
tleman, [Mr. Eliot,] confine my attention to
what I consider the main objections to the bill;
'not to the expense the plan will entail upon the
Treasury by the subjection of the negro popula-
tion of the United States to the exclusive control
and care of the Secretary of War or anything of
that sort, but to its direct attack upon the rights
of the States to control and legislate for their own
people. I say that this bill directly claims the
power of exclusive legislative control over the
freemen of the States, freemen by the assumption
of the friends of the bill. It has no relation to
anybody but free persons. It does not relate to
slaves, but to free persons.
The bill proposes to confide to a bureau in the
War Office " all questions" " touching the gen-
eral superintendence, disposition, and direction
of all persons, being freedmen of African descent,
who are or shall become free by virtue of any
.proclamation, law, or military order issued, en-
acted, or promulgated during the present rebel-
lion, or by virtue of any act of emancipation which
uhall be enacted by any State for the freedom of
persons held to scrvice or labor within such
 State.'* All " military and civil officers charged
with the execution of any law of the United
States, or of any military order," looking to the
freedom of negroes, are to report to this bureau
" under such regulations and in such form" as
may be prescribed by the Secretary of War. The
bureau is to establish and enforce regulations for
the "judicious treatment and disposition" of all
such free persons, for their protection, and the
protection of "the Government of the United
States," and for determining "their respective
rights and interests." It assumes to deliver over
these free persons, inhabitants of the several States,
to this bureau, with its Commissioner, superin-
tendents, clerks, agents, &c., in number so many
as the Commissioner shall deem necessary. These
superintendents are to assign them lands, " to ad-
vise and aid them," "to organize and direct
their labor," fix " their wages," collect and ac-
countfor&amc " to the commissioners," notto these
free persons. And these assistant commissioners
and supeiintcndents are to have power to adjudi-
cate and settle "all difficulties arising between
freedmen, except when resort to a provost judge
or other legal tribunal becomes necessary."
Such and so monstrous are the pretensions of
this bill. It aims at swallowing up people and
States. Where does this Federal Legislatureget
the power to take possession body and soul of the
free people of the States, and put over them over-
seers, clerks, and a raft of mercenary masters to
fix their wages,duect their labor,adjudicate their
rights without judge or jury, and regulate their
whole social and political life by orders from the
War Office? Can Congress thus fetter free men?
If it has this power over one freeman it has it over
all; if over a free negro then over a free white
man. The usurpation is flagrant.
But this bill proposes to take from Kentucky
and other States active in support of the Federal
Government the control of their own people and
transfer it to this Federal body.
By the act of the extra session of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress, all slaves employed by the
consent of their masters in aid of the rebellion
are declared free.
By the confiscation act of the last Congress,
which the indefatigable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Eliot] fomented to the extent of
his ability, all slaves belonging to masters in re-
bellion, or who in any manner have given aid and
comfort to the rebellion, are to be proclaimed
free. Well, sir, that would embrace a pretty
large class of people in the State of Kentucky—I
do not know how large, but certainly a pretty
largef'number—and a good many in Missouri,
Maryland, and West Virginia, and their slaves
are claimed to be free by the friends of this bill.
This bill also embraces all who may by any
State action become free hereafter. They too are
to be taken into this class of freedmen, and to be
placed under the control of Congress. They are
to be put under a bureau which is to be controlled
by the War Office, to be kept under the control
of those who under the action of Congress are to
have charge of them as completely as if .they
were slaves still. The bill proposes to remove
from these States all power to control a consid-
erable portion of their own citizens, and transfers
them to this bureau. It is unconstitutional; it
overthrows our form of government, and must
let in a flood of mischief. The result will inevi-
tably be a conflict between the authorities of the
States affected by this usurped power and the
Federal authorities. Is it to be supposed that
the people of Kentucky can surrender to Con-
gress the control of two hundred and twenty-five
thousand of her people? No, sir, they will never
do it to this or any other Congress so long as they
are worthy of the people from whom they are de-
scended.
Is it to be supposed that the State of Maryland,
who it is said is about to emancipate her seventy
or eighty thousand slaves, will consent to put
them under the control of a bureau of the War
Office, to be "disposed of," to be hired out, to
have their suits arbitrated upon and all their mo-
tions regulated, all their rights prescribed, all
their conduct controlled, by these petty, pelting
agents of the Secretary of War ? Will the State
of Maryland consent to have those who are to be
freemen within her borders thus controlled? Will
West Virginia or Delaware submit to it?
It is said that Missouri has adopted a system
of prospective emancipation. Will she allow her
one hundred thousand slaves when they become
free to be placed under the control of this Federal
bureau, to be placed at the disposal of the War
Department with a bureau to direct their labor,
to make contracts concerning their wages, to col-
lect and disburse their earnings, arbitrate their
difficulties, and take this monstrous control of her
free citizens? Let no man believe it.
Mr. ELIOT. With the consent of the gentle-
man from Kentucky I merely want to call his at-
tention to the fact that the bill does not contem-
plate any such effect. It does not contemplate
interfering with the slaves in Kentucky, Missouri,
or Maiyland.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I confess that I am not
able to see it in that light.
Mr. ELlOT. The gentleman may perhaps have
a draft of a bill which is not the bill under con-
sideration before the House. The last clause of
the first section of the bill under consideration pro-
vides that no rules and regulations shall be made
concerning persons held to labor or service in any
State not now or heretofore in insurrection against
the United States, nor concerning any other per-
sons than freedmen. That relieves the bill from
all the difficulties the gentleman has so far stated.
Mr. WADSWORTH. If that were so it would
work a very radical change in the bill before me,
I admit. The gentleman, however, is mistaken.
This bill applies to such persons as are made free
by any act of Congress, by any military order,
or by any proclamation now or hereafter to be
issued, or by any future act of State emancipation,
" or who shall be otherwise entitled to their free-
dom." All these are to be taken from the control
of the States in which they may be found and
placed under this Bureau of Emancipation. Does
not the act in terms embrace all free negroes in
the United States now or hereafter free?
Now, sir, what is the modification to which the
gentleman alludes, and the only one? It is this,
at the close of the first section, namely:
" But no rules or regulations shall be made concerning
persons held to service or labor in any Srate not now or
heretofore in insurrection against the United States."
This language does not embrace persons eman-
cipated from "service or labor" within such
States, but only such as are held to service; that
is,slaves. Now,the bill applies to freedmen, all
freedmen in each and every State, and as soon as
the slaves are freed they will pass into the bond-
age of this War Office bureau. The modification
seems only intended to make it clear that the slaves
of loyal States, so called, were not to be bureaud,
that is all.
But, sir, I should scorn myself if I had no words
for any but my own State. This bill attacks
eleven States, eleven imperishable States in the
Union,and which shall stay in the Union; eleven
States, some of revolutionary renown, with Vir-
ginia at their head. They are, come weal or woe,
now and forever in the Union, founded upon the
rock of the Constitution: if the prayers and arms
and blood of patriots can avail, the gates of hell
shall not prevail against them. In every one of
these States this bill enters to seize and fetter a
large portion of the population, to subject them to
the control of the Federal Congress. It is a usurp-
ation of the right of the States to control their
own free inhabitants and their slaves as well.
There are now elements at work it is said by
which Arkansas is soon to resume her place as a
sister in the Union, and yet under this bill she is
to come back with a large portion of her people
beyond her control. So with Louisiana and Ten-
nessee. Three or four million in eleven States of
the Union are by this bill to he placed in the hands
of Congress to be managed and controlled in spite
of the authorities of the States wherein they re-
side.
I ask gentlemen to look for a moment at the
consequences of such a measure if it were possible
to carry it out; but it will not be possible to carry
it out. What State will ever permit Federal agents
to manage a large portion of its people, to direct
their labor, to make contracts for their wages,
to collect their wages and to arbitrate their suits?
Freemen as they are claimed to be, what State
will ever permit such a thing? Thesebureaucrats,
these negro-catchers, meddling with the inhabit-
ants of States, would find their road a hard one
to travel.
It is a dangerous assault upon the independence
of the States. I have before me the resolutions
of instruction of the State of Massachusetts to its
delegation in the Convention that framed the Con-
stitution. Who believes that State, noble in that
noble era, would have ever even gone into consult-
ation with her sister States, if any possibility had
existed that hefr own domestic institutions and
her own people were to be placed under the con-
trol of Federal power ? Listen to the language of
her bill of rights in 1780:
" The people of this Commonwealth have the *ole and
exclusive light of governing themselves as a fiee, sovereign,
and independent State,and do, and loiever heieafter shall,
exercise and enjoy every povvei, juiisdtctton, and right
which is not, or may not hereafter be, by them expressly del-
egated to the United States of America xn Congress assem-
bled."
Have the people of Massachusetts the sole and
exclusive right of governing themselves as a free
people? When did they renounce it? This bill
denies, tramples that sacred rightunderfoot; her
own offspring deny it, and do despite to her
ancient spirit of freedom, for if they deny the right
of Kentucky, of Virginia to govern themselves,
they deny the right of all States wherever through-
out the Union. It will give a large advantage to
some sections of the countiy not embarrassed by
this population to transfer the control of three or
four million people from the States to Congress.
1 see no possible resurrection for the agricultural
States in the South and West if the control of
four million ignorant people be removed from
those States to this Hall, to depend upon legis-
lation which has its origin here for their future
welfare. To give Massachusetts the control of
three or four hundred thousand people in South
Carolina is a new and short way to settle the
tariff controversy. There are very many people
in this country who are foolish enough to think
this bloody quarrel is deeper than the negro ques-
tion, older, and destined to survive it. They think
