1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it springs from rivalry among free and aspiring
Commonwealths, from a desire for political pre-
eminence and commercial and manufacturing
wealth. They recollect the storm of 1832. Ne-
gro was not the cause then, any more than now.
Ambition, lust of power and wealth stirring the
corners of the Republic fills the land with blood
and teais. The policy which puts the control of
three or four million men seated in southern and
western States in the hands of the commercial and
manufacturing parts of the country, thus remov-
ing them from the control of those among whom
these dependent people must labor, live, and die,
is big with the destruction of the agricultural
States of the South and West.
[Here the hammer fell, the ten minutes allowed
the member having expired.]
Mr. ELIOT. It was my intention to avail
myself of the privilege which the rules of the
House accord me to ask the attention of the House,
in closing the discussion upon this bill, to some
considerations which seem to have been rendered
somewhat necessary by the course the debate has
taken. But there has been no such attack upon
the provisions of the bill as, in my judgment,
would justify me in detaining the House to so late
an hour as they would be kept here were I to go
on with the remarks I proposed to make. The
House wants action, and 1 want action. All the
objections which have been made to the bill to-
day have been anticipated before by myself and
my colleagues upon the committee, and by the
gentleman who has spoken to-day. Inasmuch,
therefore, as«the freedmen have had to give way
so long this morning to whisky, and inasmuch as
gentlemen upon the other side of the House can-
not complain, and will, I hope, in consideration
of my withholding my speech, help me to a final
action on the bill, I waive the right I have and
ask the House to come to a direct vote now.
The question recurring on the motion to com-
mit the bill and substitute to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. COX withdrew the motion.
The question recurred on the motion made by
.Mr. Brooks to recommit the bill with instruc-
tions.
The motion was not agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced to the House that the
Senate had agreed to an act (H. R. No. 265) sup-
plementary to an act entitled "An act to provide
ways and means for the support of the Govern-
ment," approved March 3,1863, with an amend-
ment, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (No. 105) for the relief of E. F. and
Samuel A. Wood;
An act (No. 120) to amend an act entitled "An
act to regulate trade and intercourse with the In-
dian tribes, and to preserve peace on the fron-
tiers," approved June 30, 1834; and
An act (No. 139) for the relief of MargaretM.
Stafford, widow of ReubenStafford, of Coshocton
county, Ohio.
Mr. HOOPER. I ask leave to take up the bill
(H. R. No. 265) just returned from the Senate with
an amendment, supplemental to an act entitled
"An act to provide ways and means for the sup-
port of the Government," for the purpose of con-
curring in the amendment. The amendment sup-
plies merely an accidental omission in the bill.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up
and the amendment, which was to insert the words
" in coin" at the end of line twelve, page 1, was
agreed to.
FREEDMEN's AFFAIRS—AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the adoption of the substitute for the original bill
reported by the committee.
The substitute was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY moved to lay the hill on the
table, and upon that demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 62, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Daily, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Francis P. Blair. Jacob B. Blair, Brooks, James S. Brown,
William G. Brown, Chanler, Clay, Coffroth, Cox, Denni-
son, Eden, Eldridge, Finck, Ganson, Grider, Griswold,
Hale, Hall, Harding, Harrington, Charles M. Harris, Her-
rtck,Holman,Hutchins, KaIbfleisch,Kernan,King,Knapp,
Law,Lazear, Mallory, McAllister,McDowell, McKinney,
Middleton, Morrison, Nelson, Noble, Pendleton, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, Rogprs, Ross, Scott, Stebbins, John B.
Steele,William G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Thomas,
Tracy, Wadsworth, Webster, Whaley, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. White, Williams, and Winfield—62.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blow, BoutweH, Boyd,
Brandegee, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb,
Cole, Dawes; Deming, Donnelly, Drigss, Dumont, Eckley,
Eliot,Farnsworth, Fenton, Frank, Garfield, Grinnell, Hig-
by, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,John H.Hub-
bard, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando
Kellogg, Longyear, Lovejoy, Marvin, McBride, McClurg,
Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos
Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Perham,
Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice,
Schenck, Shannon, Sloan, Smithers, Stevens, Thayer,
Van Valkenburgh, William B. Washburn, Wilder, Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—08.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BLISS stated that upon all questions on
this bill he had paired off with Mr. Spalding,
who would have voted for the bill and he against it.
Mr. LAW stated that Mr. Cravens had been
called home.
Mr. EDEN stated that Mr. Robinson had
paired off with Mr. Washbttrne, of Illinois.
Mr. PENDLETON stated that Mr. Morris,
of Ohio, had been called home by sickness in his
family, and had paired off with Mr. Ashley.
Mr. HOLMAN stated thatMr. Orth was still
at home, and upon all political questions had
paired off with Mr. Cravens.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ELIOT called for the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded,'and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MALLORY" demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 69, naysG7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blow, BoutweH, Boyd,
Brandegee, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Cole, Creswell,
Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eliot,
Faruswoifh, Fenton, Frank, Garfield, Grinnell, Higby,
I-Iooper, Hotchkiss. Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg,
Orlando Kellogg, Longyear, Lovejoy, Marvin, McClurg,
Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel
Morris, Amos Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Perham,
Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice,
Schenck, Shannon, Sloan, Smithers, Stevens, Thdyer,
Van Valkenburgh, William B. Washburn, Wilder, Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—69.
NAYS—Messr<. Ancona, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Francis P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, Brooks, James S. Brown,
William G. Brown, Chanler,Clay, Coffroth,Cox, Dawson,
Dennison, Eden, Eldridge, Finck, Ganson. Gnder, Griswold,
Hale, Hall, Harding, Hainngton, Charles 3VI. Harris, Hernek,
Ilolman, Hutching Kalbfieisch, Kernan, King, Knapp,
Law, Long, Mallory, McAllister. McBride, McDowell,
McKinney,"Middleton, William II. Miller, Morrison, Nel-
son, Noble, Pendleton, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
Rogers, Ross, Scott, Stebbins, John B. SteeJe, William G.
Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Thomas, Tracy,
Voorhees, Wadsvvoith, Webster, Whaley, Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. White, William?, and Winfield—67.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to amend the title of the
bill by striking out the word " emancipation "and
inserting" freedmen's affairs"in lieu thereof, and
upon that motion demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BROOKS. I move that the House do now
adjourn. My object is that we may have a full
vote upon this question. We cannot have it to-
day.
The SPEAKER. This is merely an amend-
ment to the title.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I do not insist on my
motion.
The amendment to the title was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
twenty-five minutes after four o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 2, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev.Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of the Navy, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 18th of January, a copy of the pro-
ceedings of the advisory board appointed under
the act of July 16,1862, entitled "An act to es-
tablish and equalize the grade of line officers of
the United States Navy."
Mr. RAMSEY. I understand that is a commu-
nication in answer to a resolution I offered some
time since. I move that it be printed and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented the memorial of Wil-
liam Trevitt, praying for compensation for his
services as consul of the United States for the port
of Valparaiso, from September 30,1859, to March
3, 1860, and to be refunded the amount paid by
him for clerk hire and extra office rent; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. COWAN presented a memorial of the
board of trade of Philadelphia, praying that the
provisions of the act of March 3, 18(53, entitled
"An act to protect liens upon vessels in certain
cases, and for otherpurposes," may beextended
so as to preserve and continue the lien of any
judgment of loyal citizens of the United States
upon any real estate which shall be condemned
or confiscated by virtue of any act of Congress;
which was refeirud to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Toledo, Ohio, praying for the construc-
tion of a ship canal around the Falls of Niagara;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of Wil-
liam Harding, eighty-seven years of age, blind
and poor, praying for compensation for services
as a soldier in the war of 1812; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Taunton, Massachusetts, and a petition of cit-
izens of Concord, New Hampshire, praying for
the abolition of slavery, and an amendment of the
Constitution forever prohibiting its existence;
which were referred to the select committee on
slavery and freedmen.
Mr. CONNESS presented resolutions of the
Legislature of California, in favor of a modifica-
tion of the order of the President of the United
States of November 18,1862, which prohibits the
exportation of ammunition and munitions of war,
so that it shall not apply to the article of " blasting
powder" from the port of San Francisco for min-
ing purposes; which were ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas, in favor of agrant of lands
to that State for the benefit of schools, in compli-
ance with the terms of the act of September 4,
.1841, distributing the proceeds of the public lands
among the several States; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Kansas, in favor of a grant of land to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Fort Leaven-
worth to Fort Scott, in that State; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens of
Manitowoc county, Wisconsin, praying for the
construction of a canal around the Falls of Ni-
agara; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and oilier papers, in the case
of James Pool, praying for the reimbursement of money
paid by him for supplies lor the Shawnee tribe of Indians,
be taken horn the files of the Senate and leferred to the
Committee on Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
