1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
or drawback on crude petroleum when exported ot $1 oQ
per barrel of foity gallons.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Strike out the following proviso at the end of section one
hundred and one, on page J43:
Proru/ef/, That all such persons, companies, and corpo-
rations shall have the right to add the duty or tax imposed
hereby to their ratea of fare whenever their liability thereto
may commence, anv limitations which may exist by law
or by agreement with any person or company which may
have paid or be liable to p ty s>ueh fare to the contrary not-
withstanding.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes seventy-
two, noes not counted.
On page 156, section one hundred and fourteen, strike
otitall after the word " provided" to the end of the section,
a* follows: "That upon such gains, piofits, or incomc,
which shall be derived from interest upon notes, bonds, or
(securities of the United States, there shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid a duty of two and one half of one percent,
onty, anything in this act to the contraiy notwithstanding;"
and insert in lieu thereof the following: ''That income
derived from interest upon notes, bonds, and other securi-
ties of the United States shall be included in estimating the
income under this scction."
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The nextamendmentupon
which a separate vole has been called for is the
one in relation to banks adopted by the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union this
morning on the motion of the gentleman from Il-
linois, [Mr. Farnsworth.]
Mr. GANSON. 1 demand the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 64; as follows:
YRAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J- Allen, Al-
ley, Alltt-on, Amo*, Aucun.u Andoison, Arnold, Augustus
C. bald win, Jacob tt. 15 hut, Ihnwlogpp, William G. Urown,
Cobb, Cox, Ciavcus, I-lenty Wmtet Davis, Dawson, Den-
j.-on, Donnelly, Dnggs, Eden, Farnswoith, Fiuck, Gar-
field, Guder, Hall. Uarthns, Harrington, Ilolman, Ilooper,
Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Julian, Kelley, Francis
W. Kellogg, Knapp, Law, Lc Blond, Loan, Long, Long-
yeat, Maicy, McAllister, McBnde, McCJutg, McDowell,
JVleKinney, William H. Miller, James R. Morris, Morrison,
Nobto. Noiton. John O'Neill. Oith, Pike, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, William II. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Robinson,
James S. Rollins, Ross, Sehenek, Sloan, Smith, Stiles,
Stiouse, Sluait. Thomas, Eiitiu B. Wa^hbmne, Webster,
Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White,
Williams, Wilson, Winduin, <iud Teaman—78.
NAYS—Messis. Rally, John D. Baldwin. Baxter, Bea-
man, Blow, Boutvvoll, Brooks, Broomall, Freeman Claike,
Ooie, Creswell, Dawes, Deming, Eckley, Eldudge, Eliot,
Fenton, Gan.-on, Grxnncll, Griawold, Hernck, ihgby,
Ilotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard JohriH. Hubbaid. Jenckes,
Kalbfleisch, Ka«son, Orlando KeHosg, Keman, King, La-
atcar, Maivin, Mclndoe, Samuel Miller, Moorlnaad,
Moriill,Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonaid Myeis, Nel-
son, Chailes O'Neill, Patterson, Pendleton. Periiam, Perry,
Poineroy, Price, Radford, John Ii. Rice, Edward H. Rol-
lins, Shannon, Spalding, John B. Steele,William G. Steele,
Stevens, Thayer, Upson, Voorhees, Ward, William B.
Washburn, Wilder, Winfield, and Fernando Wood—64.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WHALEY. 1 move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment reported by the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
increasing the duty on coal oil from twelve to fif-
teen cents a gallon was agreed to.
Mr. SC0F1ELD. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on which a
separate vote was demanded'was to strike out
"three," on page 127, and to insert in lieu thereof
"five," so that it would read:
On gold, silver, and quicksilver, produced from quartz
mines, from beds of riveis-, trom the cauh, or in any other
way or mannei, a duty ot five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. HIGBY demanded a separate vote, and
called forthe yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and there were, on a.
division—ayes 72, noes 24.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment on which a separate vote
was demanded was to strike out the one hundred
and fifty-first section, as follows:
Sec. 151. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any person
oi persons shall make, sign, and issue, or issue or cause to
be made, feigned, and issued, any instrument, document,
or paper of'.uij kindoi description whui^ocwr, without the
?:aun: being duly stamped ioi denoting the duly hoieby im-
posed thereon, or without having thereupon an adhesive
stamp to denote said duty, such person or persons shall in-
cur a penalty of fifty dollars, and such instrument, docu-
ment, or paper as aforesaid shall be deemed invalid and of
no effect. *
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment on which a separate vote
was demanded was to strike out on page 118,
line ninety-seven, *' one cent" and insert "two
cents;" so that the clause would read:
On brown or Muscovado sugar not above No. 15 Dutch
standard in color, produced directly from the sugar-cane
and not from sorghum or imphee, other than those pro-
duced by the refiner, a duty oi two cents per pound.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, demanded
a separate vote on the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. Under the present law the
tax is the same.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object
to the gentleman making any remarks unless I
have an opportunity to reply. I will answer the
gentleman if I have an opportunity.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. KERNAN called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 71, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter, Oeainan, Blaine, Jacob B. Blair, Blow,
fWutweli, Brandeiree, Broomall, William G.Brown, Cobb,
Cole, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Deming,
Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eekley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fen-
ton, Garfield, Gunneli, Iligby, Hooper, Ilotehki&s, Asahel
W. Iiubbard, John JI. Hubbard, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson,
Kelley, Francis W. Kel!o<rg, Orlando Kellogg, Lougyear,
McBride,McOlurg,Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller,Moorhead,
Morrill, Daniel Morns, Amos Myeis, Norton, Orth, Pejham,
Pike, Pomeroy, Price, William H. Randall, Alexander II.
Rice, John II. Rice, Edward II. Rollins, Sehenck, Shan-
non, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer, William B.
Washburn, Whaley, Wildei, Wilson, and Windom—71.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Brooks, Chanler,Clay, Cox, lidwaon, Denison,Eden,
Eldridge, Fmck, Ganson, Grider, Gnswold, Hall, Harding,
Harrington, Charles M. Harris, Herrick,Holman,tjutchms,
Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Keman,
King, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Loan, Long, Marcy,
Marvin, McAllister, McDowell, McKinney. William H.
Miller, James R. Morris, Morrison, Leonard Myers, Nel-
son, Noble, Odell, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Pendle-
ton, Periy, Kadfoid, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, James
S. Rollins, Ross, Scofield, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Stiies, Strouso, Stuart, Thomas, Voorhees, Ward,
ElihuB. Wat-hburnc, Webster, Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. White, Williams, Wmfield, Fernando Wood,
and Yeaman—72.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment was
rejected; and also moved to lay the motion tore-
consider on the table.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table. The vote was so close that I think
we had better have another vote upon it.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I with-
draw the motion to reconsider.
The next amendment on which a separate vote
was asked was on page 119, to increase the duty
on sugar from two to three cents perpound.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. UPSON. I desire to say that on the vote
just taken 1 voted "ay." I find that my vote has
not been recorded. 1 ask that it may be recorded
in the affirmative.
Seveial Members. Too late.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
too late.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Does the
Chair decide that the gentleman has the right to
correct his vote now?
The SPEAKER. The Cleik will read from the
Digest on that subject.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" All proceedings of the House subsequent to the erro-
ueou-> announcement of a vote, which would have been
irregulnrif such vote had been correctly announced, are to
be treated as a nullity and are not to be entered on the
Journal.*'
Mr. JOHNSON,of Pennsylvania. That simply
applies to a mistake of the Chair in announcing
a vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that when
a gentleman is present and votes, he has the right
to have his vote recorded.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I want to
suggest to the Speaker that subsequent to the an-
nouncement of the vote anamendment was taken
up and voted upon. Other busings therefore had
intervened before the gentleman from Michigan
asked to have his vote recorded.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
too late for the gentleman to have his vote re-
corded. If the motion to reconsider had been made
and had been laid upon the table the Chair might
have doubt, but at present he has no doubt that
the gentleman has the right to correct his vote.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The question was taken; and the decision of the
Chair was sustained as the judgment of the House.
Mr. Upson's vote was ihen recorded in the af-
firmative upon the amendment; the vote stand-
ing—yeas 72, nays 72.
The SPEAKER voted in the negative; so the
amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts vote upon the prevailing side?
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 did not.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman has no
right to make the motion.
Mr. A. MYERS. I desire to ask why the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts could not move to
reconsider? . ^  
The SPEAKER. Because the gentleman did
not vote upon the prevailing side.
Mr. A. MYERS. How was there any prevail-
ing side when the vote was a tie vote, and the
Speaker merely voted to decide the matter?
The SPEAKER. The prevailing side was the
negative; the vote of the Speaker made.it the pre-
vailing side. The Chair states that he usually
votes on the prevailing side when there is a tie
vote. [Laughter.]
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
privileged question. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. As the time for a recess has
nearly arrived I desire to say before the vote com-
mences that 1 hope this bill may be considered in
preference to all other business to-night; and that
we shall not take a recess at the usual hour.
The SPEAKER. To-night has been set apart
by the unanimous consent of the House for the
consideration of the business of the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not desire to have that
business interfere with this, if we can have the
remainder of the evening session for our business.
Mr. MORRILL. Very well, then. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House that there be no
recess; and that there be no evening session for
other business.
Mr. ROSS. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will then submit
the question to the House. The majority have the
right to decide it.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to my proposition. It is merely that tho
House shall continue upon this business as long
as it shall see lit, and that the evening session be
devoted to no other business.
Mr. COX. I hope there will be no recess, but
that the House will adjourn, and that we shall
have no more night sessions.
The proposition of Mr. Moekill was agreed to.
The vote was then taken on Mr. Randall's
motion to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
68, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Aneona, Baily. l!rook>,
Chanler, Clay, Cox, Dawson, JDenison, Eden, Kldtidiic,
Fmck, Ganson, Guder, Griswold, Hall, Harding, Harring-
ton, Benjamin G. Harris, Hernck, IiOlman, Hutching,
Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Keman,
King, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Loan, Lone, Marcy,
Marvin, McAllister, McDowell, McKinney, William H.
Miller. James R. Morris, Mornson, Nelson, Noble, Odell,
John O'Neill, Pendleton,Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Rob-
inson, JamesS. Rollins,Boss, Smith, John IS. Steele, Wil-
liam G. Steele. Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Thomas, Vooihees,
Ward, Eiitiu ll. Washbume, Webster, Wheeler, Chilton
A.White, Joseph W.Wlute, Williams, Winfield, Fernando
Wood, and Yeaman—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderbon, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blame, Jacob B. Blair,
Blow, Boutwell, Brandegee, Biooinall, William G. Blown,
Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Creswell, Henry Winter Da
vis, Dawes, Deming, Daon, Donnelly, Driggi, Eekley,
