1942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
EHot, Farnsworth, Fenton, Garfield, Grinnell, Illghy,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahei W. Hubbard, John II. Hub-
bard, Jenckes, Julian, fCasson, Kelley, Francw W. Kellogg,
Orlando Kellogg, Longyear, McBiide, McClurg, Mclndoe,
Samuel F% Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morris,
Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton, Clinrles CNeill,
Orth, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, William
H. Randall, Alexander fl. Rice, John H. Itice, Edward II.
Rollins, Sehenck,Scoft«Jd. Shannon, Sloan, Spalding, Ste-
vens, Thayer, Upson, Willlaui B. Washburn, Wilder, Wil-
son, and Windom—75.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
The question then recurred on the motion to
reconsider.
- Mr. DAWSON demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, demanded
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a privileged question.
The time has arrived for taking a recess under
the order of the House.
The SPEAKER. It was agreed some time ag^o
by the House that we should go on with this bill
until it was deemed fit to adjourn or to take a rccess.
Mr. ROSS. I did not hear that, or I would have
objected to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Under the
decision of the Chair the gentleman has the right
to go back and change the vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
the cases are parallel, if the gentleman does.
The gentleman from Illinois can move to adjourn
or to take a recess.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the House take a
recess until seven o'clock p. tti.
Mr. COX. 1 hope we will not take a recess,
but go through with this bill, and then adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 60, noes 65.
The motion to reconsider was then agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union in reference to the tax on sugar, raising it
from one to two cerus.
Mr. FINCfC demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 66; as follows:
YEA3—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Arks, Anderson, Arnold,
John L). Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blame, Jacob B. Blair,
Blow, Boutwell, Bratidegco, Brootu.ill, William G. Biown,
Fieeman Clarke, Cobb," Cole, Creswell, Ileniy Winter
Davis, Dawes, Dcmmg, Dixon, Donnelly, Ut tgg*, Ecklcy,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Fenton, GaiQdd, Gunnel, lligby,
Ilooprr, Ilorchkisf, Amabel W. llubinud, John 11. Hubbard,
Jenctces, Julian, Kasson, Krllev, Francis- W. Kellogg, Or-
lando Koiloirg, Longye.tr, Mctfride, McClurg, MeHwloe,
Samuel F. Miller, Mooihead, Moriill, Daniel Mortis, Ai*os
Myer<, Leonard Myers, Norton. Chnrle* O'Neill, Orth,
Patte^oiijIViham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, William II. Ran-
dall, Alexander H. llice,John n.Uic<>, Edward U. Rollins,
Bchenck, Shannon, g]o,in, Spalding, SU'veii?,Thayer, l'p-
«on, William B. Washburn, Wilder, Wilson, and Wm-
doin-7,i.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Baily, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, l>iook-«, Chanler, Cox, Dawson, Denton,
Eden, Finck, Gannon, Gridcr, Griswold, Hail, Harding,
Haumgton, Benjamin G. ll«irri*, Uerrick, Uolinan, Ilureh-
Inh, Philip Johnson, William John-ou, Keinan, King,
Knapp, Law. Lazcar, Le Blond, Loan, Long, Maicy, Mar-
vin, McAllister, McDowell, McKinne}, William II. Millar,
James II. Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Noble, John O'Neill,
Pendleton* Perry, RadrWd, Samtioi J. Randal), Robinson.
Ho**, Seottald, .Smith, John B. Steele. William G. Steele,
Utiles, Strode, Stuart, Thomas, Voorhees, Ward, Llihu
B. Wa^hhurin*, Webster, Whedei, Clulion A. White,
Joseph W. White, Williams, Wjniieid, and Fernando
Wood—66.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the vole,
Mr. ELDRIDOE, having been called out of the
House, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. ELDRlDGrE stated that he would have
voted m the negative.
The reading of the names,by unanimous con-
sent, was dispensed with.
The vote was then announced asabove recorded.
And then, on motion of Mr. FENTON the
House took a lecess until seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SliSSfON.
The House resumed its session atsevea o'clock
p. m.; and a quorum not appealing, on motion
of Mr. MORRILL, a further lecess was taken for
fifteen minutes.
IIEIXt3 OF JOHN FONDA, ETC.
Mr, PRICE, (after the House reassembte,d,)
\Sy unanimous contfont* from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, moved that that com-
mittee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petitions of the heirs of John Fonda
for half pay, Lydia Lillie for Julias* Robeson for
back pay, and of Isaiah Tiffany for half pay, and
that they be returned to the parties presenting
them.
The motion was agreed to.
3XB3ICERS IN THE MILITARY SERVICE.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
of tiie House to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to this House copies of alt "letters, notes, telegrams,
orders, entr ies," orother documents," winch are referred
to by him in his message sent to the House this day, and
winch have connection with the answei made by bun in
that message to the resolution lequestmg him to infoim the
House whether Francis P. Blair, jr., of Missouri, holds
now any appointment or commission ih the miluaiyser
vice of tiie United States.
Mr. DAWSON. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I am sorry
that objection was made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Dawson] to my offering the
resolution asking for further information from the
President; but as I have general consent of the
House to make an explanation 1 will state the rea-
son why I desired such a resolution to pass. The
President, in the message sent here this morning,
makes the remark that there are various 41 letters,
notes, telegrams, orders, entries, and other docu-
ments'* which relate to the subject of that com-
munication, but 
Mr. DAWES. I understand that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania objected to the introduction
of the resolution, i hope the gentleman will with-
draw it.
Mr. DAWSON. I withdraw it.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I renew it upon
the ground of public good. I think, sir, it is in-
opportune to offer the resolution now.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
when the House is not acting under the previous
question tiie gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] might offer it as a matter of privilege, as
it relates to the question of membership in the
House.
A3r. FERNANDO WOOD. I understand it
is a resolution calling upon the President for in-
formation. I have a resolution in my desk which
has been lying there for ihree weeks, calling upon
the President for information.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call the member from
New York [Mr. Fernando Wood] to otder. 1
have the floor by general consent of the House,
and I have not yielded it to him to make objec-
tion, or for anything else.
The SPE/VllER. That is true.
Mr. SCHENCIl. -And I yielded it to the gen-
tleman fiom Massachusetts, who asked the gen-
tleman fioni Pennsylvania to withdraw his ob-
jtciiun, which he did. When I was about to
proceed the memberfrom New York had no right
to occupy the floor.
The SPEAKER. The. gentleman is not en-
tirely correct. The gentleman from New York
has a right to raise a question of order, as any
other member has. He renewed the objection of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. But that does
not take the gentleman from Ohio off the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. The member from New
Yoik has no right while I am on the floor by
permission of the House fo make any objection.
Mi. FERNANDO WOOD. I objected to the
introduction of the resolution, and not to his re-
mat ks.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, sir, I make a point
of order; ami the point which I make is this: that
the member from New York has not the tight to
take the floor from me even to make an objection
while 1 urn on the iloor.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I object to the
gentleman proceeding except m order. He can-
not proceed except by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
yielded to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] and the gentleman from Massachu-
setts appealed to the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia to withdraw his objection to the introduction
of the resolution. The Chair thinks the gentle-
man from New York has a right to renew the ob-
jection, but the gentleman from Ohio is speaking
by the consent of the Hou&u and thatcon&entcan-
rmt fcfe withdrawn.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Then I hope he
will proceed civilly and courteously, or not at all.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not out of
order at present.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was saying, Mr. Speaker,
that the President, in his messageof this morning,
speaks of letters, notes, telegrams, entries, orders,
and other documents relating to this arrangement
about withdrawing resignations. He does not,
however, send those papers here, because in his
opinion they would not throw any other light
upon the subject than the message gives.
Now, lest there may be some misapprehension
in supposing that any of those letters, notes, tel-
egrams, or orders relate to me, and with a desire
also to know what they are, and to see if they
give any additional information which might
properly go to the Committee of Elections, I pro-
posed my resolution. But it is not admitted. I
will therefore avail myself of the indulgence of
the House to say at this time, in addition to my
statementof this morning, that, so far as I know
or can remember, there is no document of any
kind, no scratch of a pen relating to any negoti-
ation of an arrangement in which I was or am
concerned. I related to the House this morning
all that took place between the Secretary of War
and myself in regard to this matter. It was all
verbal, and I wish it understood, as from the mes-
sage it mightpossibly not otherwise be, that there
was no connection of any kind between the mat-
ters relating to Mr. Blair and myself; I mean no
arrangement jointly made, or in which wc were
concerned together.
LANDS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. WINF1ELD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill concerning certain locations of
lands in the State of Missouri; which was read a
fiistand second time, arid referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL AGAIN,
The House resumed the consideration of the
internal revenue bill, and the amendments reported
thereto by the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Tho amendments came up, and were disposed
of in their order, as follows:
Page 119, line one hundred, striae nut " two" and intert
"fhiee;" .-o that tha clause \\ il) load;
On all clarified or lefiued sngais above No. 15, Dutch
standard in color, produced dueetl> from the sugai-eane,
and not lioni sorghum or lmphoe, a duty ot' tlnee cents per
pound.
Mr. MORRILL. We ought to reconsider our
action on that section. Having now restored the
tax on brown sugar to three cents, it becomes ne-
cessary to restore the tax on refined sugar to the
same point.
_ Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And put
th„e same tax on the rich man'ssugar that you do
on the poor man's?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly. I move to re-
consider the vote by which that amendment was
disagreed to.
The motion to recpnsider wns agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ment reported by the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and being put, the
amendment was agreed to—ayes sixty-four, noes
not counted.
On page 119, line one hundred and lour, strike out the
word '• one" and inset t" two;" so thai the clause will reads
On the gross amount of the sales ot sugar refiners, in-
cluding all the products of their manuiaeiories or requ-
eues, a duty of two and a half ot one per cent, ad valorem;
& c.
Mr. RADFORD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 60, nays 47; as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Bailv,
Baxter, Beaman, Boutweil, Boyd, Broomail, William G.
Biown, Cole, Dawes, Deinmg, Donnelly, Dngjj-., EUot,
Farnsworth.OarheJd, Gunnel!, liigby, A^ahel VV. Uubbaid,
John 11 Hubbard, Julian, Kasson, Kellev, Oilando Kel-
logg, Loan, Longyear, Marvin, MeBride, McClurg, Mcln-
doe, Samuel F. Miller, Mooihead, Morriil, Daniel Morris,
Amos Myers, Leonard Myer.?, Norton, Charles O'Neill,
Perham.Pomeroy, Price,William H.Randall, John II. Rice,
Edward 11. Rollins, Sehenek, Scoficld, Sloan, Spalding,
Thayer, Upson, Elthu B. Washburne, Wtllinm B. Wash-
burn, Web-ter, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, and Windom
—60.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Alien, An-
co;ia, Augustus C. Baldwin, Blaine, Brooks, Chanler, Cox,
Cravens Dawson, Denison, Eden, English, Finck, Gan-
son, Griswold, Harding, Harrington, Herrick, Ilolmam
Htfotfcr* Wuiium Johnson, tifcrnun( Lazfcar* Marey* McAl
