1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1943
lister, James R. Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Odell, John
O'Neill, Pendleton, Radlord, Samuel J. Randall, Ross,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart,
Thomas, Ward, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Wmheld,
Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—47.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ODELL stated, daring the roll-call, that
Mr. Kalbfleisch had been called home on ac-
count of a death in his family.
Mr. STEVENS stated that he was paired on
this question with Mr. Fenton.
On page 110, after lino one hundred and one, insert the
following:
On all clarified or refined sugar above No. 18 Dutch
standard in color, produced directly from the sugar-cane,
and not from soighum or miphce, a duty of four cents per
pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
On page 119, line one hundied and eighteen, after the
word "sold," at the end of the lino, insert " by the box,
package, or;" so that the clause will lead :
On sugar candy and all confectionary made wholly or in
part of sugar, valued at not exceeding twenty cents, a. duty
of two cents perpound; exceeding twenty and not exceed-
ing forty cents per pound, a duty of four cents per pound ;
when exceeding forty cents per pound, or sold by the box
or packago, or otherwise than by the pound, a duty of ten
pet cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
On page 124, line two hundied and forty-six, strike out
uone dollar" and insert " two dollars;" so lhat the clause
will read:
On pig iron, a duty of two dollars per ton.
The amendment was agreed to.
In section one hundred and eleven, line ten, strike out
"one" and inseit "two;" ho that the section will read:
Sec. 111. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any person,
fiim, or coiporatton, oi use managei oi agent thereof, own-
ing, possessing, or leasing, or having the care or manage-
ment of any theater, opei a, circus, mur-euin, or other place
or building wheie diaiuatic or operatic lepiehentations,
play?, or performances, oi musical entertainments, are open
to the public foi pay, or'wheie leats of horsemanship or
^acrobatic sports are exhibited,but not including halls rented
or u ed for occasional concerts ot theatrical representa-
tions, shall be subject to and pay a duty of two per cent,
on the gioss amount of all receipts deiived by such person,
firm, company, or corporation trom such representations,
plaj-s,or perlouriances, or musical entertainments; &c.
The question was put; and there were—ayes 56,
noes 3G.
Mr. HOOPER demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. SCOFIELD called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not oidercd.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Ail of the amendments re-
ported by the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union have now been acted on. There
are two amendments reserved, that offered by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fernando
Wood,] and the substitute offered by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Washburke.] The vote
will now be taken on the substitute, follows:
.Jnd'oeit further enacted, TJiatall-pint5! of domestic pro-
duction and held for sale ori the lht day of Ma) , 1664, and
on which no tax shall have been paid, shall be subject to
a duty ol filtj cents pei gallon ; and all such spirits on hand
for sale on which a pnor duty shall have been paid, shall
be subject to a duty oi thiriy cents per gallon: Piovuled
Juilkcr/Fhatbonafide retail dealer in spirits, duly licenced,
shall not be taxed on their stock on hand, whose quantity
on hand does not exceed two barrels.
Mr. UPSON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the aflitnuitive—yeas 68, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Allison, Ames,
Arnold, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Baxter,
Ueamau, Boutwell, Boyd, Brandegce, William G. Biowu,
Cobb, Cole, Cio&woll, Dawes, Dawson, Doming, Dixon,
Donnell}', Diigsrt', Eden, Eliot, Farnswoith, Gauson, Gli-
der, Gunnell, Hotchktss, Amabel W. Hubbaid, John H.
Hubb.ud, Julian, Kasson, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Oilando
Kellogg, Keinan, Loan, Longyear, McAllister, McBude,
McCiurg, Samuel F. Miller, Mooiiiead, Dame! Moms,
James it. Moiiis, Amos Myers, Norton, Odell, Perham,
Pike, Pi ice, William II. Randall, John U. Rice, Edward
H. lloltin<, Ro.ns, Seofield, Spalding. John B. Steele,
Tnoma-j, Up&on, Elihu B. Wasbhuine, William B. Wash-
bum, Webster. Williams, Wilson, Wmdom, Fernando
Wood, and Yeaman—t)b.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Baily, Blaine,
Brooks, Brooniall, Chanler, Fieeman Clarke, Cox, Cravens,
[Jenry Winter Davis, Denison, English, Fenton, Fmck,
Garfield, Gri&wold, Harding, Harrington, Heirick, Hicrby,
Holman', Hooper, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kel-
lev, Law, Lazear, Maicy, Marvin, McDowell, Melndoe,
McKinney, William II. Miller, Morull,Morrison,Leonard
Myers, Nelson, Noble, Chat les O'Neill, John O'Neill, Oith,
Pendleton, Peiry, Potn°roy, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
Alexander H. Rice. Schenck, Shannon, Sloan, William
G. Steele,Stevens, Stiles, Stiouse, Stuart, Thajer, Ward,
Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph Wr. White, Wilder,
ond Wmiieid— Qo.
So the substitute was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment as
amended.
Mr. ANCONA called for the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move that there be a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
under the previous question unless, on actual
count, a quorum is not found to be present.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 62; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Allison, Ames,
Arnold, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Baxter,
Beaman, Bontwcll, Bovd, Brandegoe, William G. Brown,
Chanler, Cobb, Cole, Creswell, Dawes, Dawson, Derawg,
Dixon, Donnelly, Diiggs,EckIey,Eden, Eliot. Farnsworth,
Ganson, Grinneli, flotchkiss, Asahel VV. Ilubbard, John
H. Hubbard, Jenckes, Julian,Kasson, Francis W. Kellogg,
Orlando Kellosg, Keman, Loan, Longyear, McAMistei,
McBride, McClurg, Samuel F, Miller, JVIoorhead, Daniel
Mollis, Morrison, Amos Myers, Norton, Odell, Perham,
Pike, Price, William II. Randall, John H. ltice, Edward
II. Rollins, Rous, Scofield, Shannon,Sloan, Spalding, John
B. Steele, Thomas, Upson, Elihu B. Washburne, William
B. Washburn, Webster, Williams, Wilson, Windom, Fer-
nando Wood, and Yeaman—72.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Baily, Blaine,
Brooks, Bioomali, Fieeman Clarke, Cox, Cravens, Dcm-
son, English, Fenton, Fmek, Garfield, Grider. Griswold,
Raiding, Harrington, Ileirick, Higby, Holman, Philip
Johnson, William Johnson, Kelley, King, Law, Lazear,
Le Blond, Marcy, Marvin, McDowell, Melndoe, McKin-
ney, William II. Miller, Morrill, James R. Morris, Leonard
Myers, Nelson, Noble, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Orth,
Pendleton, Perry, Potneroy, Radlbid, Samuel J. Randall,
Alexander R. Rice, Schenck, William G. Steele, Stevens,
Stiles, Strouse, Stuait, Thayer, Ward, Wheeler, Clnlton
A. White, Joseph W. White', Wilder, and Wmfteld—1>2.
So the amendment,as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment as
amended was agreed to; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MORRILL moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD called for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames,Arnold, Baily, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman,
Blaine, Blow, Boutvvell, Boyd, Brandegee, Broom all, Wil-
liam G. Biown,Freeman Clarke, Cobb. Cole, Cravens, Cres-
well, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Dennng, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Driizg^,Eekloy, Eliot, English, Farnsworth, Fenton,
Ganson, Garfield, Gilder, Giinneil, Giiswold, Hall, Hard-
ing, lligby, Holman, Hooper, Hotchkiss, A-ahe! W. Hub-
b.ud, John H. Hubbaid, Jem kef-, Julian. Kasson, Kelley,
Fiancis" W. Kellogsr, Oilando Kellogg, Keman, King, Loan,
Longyear, Marvin, McAlhstei, MeBude, MeCluig, Meln-
doe, Samuel F. Millet, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel" Morris,
Amo* Myets, Leonaid Myers, Nelson, Norton, Odell,
Charles O'Neill, Oith, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeioy,
Price, Radfoid. Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall,
Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Edwatd II. Rollins,
Schenck, Seofidd, Shannon, Sloan, Spalding, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele. Thajer, Thoma«, Upson, Elihu
B. Wnshburne, William P>. Washburn. Webster, Wheeler,
Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Wmdom, WmfiUd, and Yea-
man—103.
NAYS-—Messrs. Jarnc* C. Allen, William J. Alien, An-
cona, Brooks, Chanler, ('ox, Dawson, Damson, Eden,
Fiock, Harrington, Derrick, Philip Johnson, William John-
sou, Law, Le Bloud, Marcy, McDowell, McKinney, James
R. Morris, Morrison, Noble, John O'Neill.Pendleton', Peny,
Ross, Sdles, Stiouse, Stuait, Waul, Clinton A. White,
Joseph W. White, and Fernando Wood—33.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ASHLEY stated that he was paired off on
all questions with Mr. Edgerton.
Mr. DAWES stated that ins colleague, Mr.
Gooch, was absent on public business, and was
paired off with Mr. Sweat. He did not know
how the gentleman from Maine would have voted
on this bill, but his colleague would certainly have
voted in the affirmative.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Middleton, had been called home
by business of importance.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, stated that he
was paired off with his colleague, Mr. Tracy.
Mr. BAXTER stated that his colleague, Mr.
woodbrjdqe, was absent on account of sickness
in his family.
Mr. FENTON stated that his colleagues,
Messrs. Davis and Van Valrenburgh, were ab-
sent on account of sickness, and were paired off;
also, that his colleague, Mr. Littlejobn, was
absent on account of sickness.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Stebbins, had been called home
by sickness in his family.
Mr. POMEROY stated that his colleagues,
Messrs. A.W. Clark and Frank, were unavoid-
ably absent.
Mr. STILES stated thatMr. Harris, of Mary-
land, had been called home by sickness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
• Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY POSITION OF A MEMBER.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privilege.
I submit the following resolution:
Resolved, Tiiat the President be requested to communi-
cate to the House copies of all letters, notes, telegrams,
orders, entries, or other documents, which are referred to
by him In his message sent to the House this day, and
which have connection with the answer made by him in
that message to the resolution requestinghim to inform the
House whether Francis P. Blair, jr., of Missouri, holds
now any appointment or commission in the military service
of the United States.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is a priv-
ileged one, but as it calls for information will lie
over under the rules for one dajr, unless there be
unanimous consent to consider it now.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not object, but I should
like to know what is the object in extending this
Inquiry further.
Mr. DAWES. I will inform the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires first to
know whether there is objection to considering
the resolution at this time.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution goes
over until to-morrow.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal to the gentleman from
New York to withdraw his objection.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has already
gone over, and is notbefore the House. Itbeing
a matter of privilege, the gentleman can call it up
at any time after to-day.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. WINDOM. I understood the House this
afternoon to agree that if the tax bill was under
consideration to-night the Committee on Indian
Affairs would be allowed to name a day for the
transaction of their business. I desire now to
designate, if it will meet with the views of the
House, Monday next, after the morning hour.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Do I understand
that proposition requires unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. It does not. The House
gave the authority, and the Chair understands
that the committee has a right to designate the
day. The gentleman now designates Monday
next, after the morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
TAX LAWS.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Before the question is put
on that motion, Task the unanimous consent of
the House to submit the following resolution:
Rcsolced, That it be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means to inquire into the expediency of purchasing for
the use of the House and for distribution among the mem-
bers one thousand copies of Strett's Digest of the Tax Laws
oftheseveial States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
MINNESOTA RAILROADS.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution amendatory of the
joint resolution approved July 12,1862,granting
to the State of Minnesota the right to change the
line of certain branch railroads in said State, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. GANSON. I desire to give notice that
the contested-election case in the seventh congres-
sional district of Missouri, between Loan and
