THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PEOCEEDINOS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED B*Y JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D: <L
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 1864.
Kew Series No. 57.
are occasions when such notice may not only be
proper but necessary. The speech from Which
I have quoted was made upon an occasion of pe-
culiar interest, in the presence of the authorities
of the city of Boston and of the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts. It was made by the Governor
of that old and honored State. He was address-
ing war-worn veterans, whom he had two years
before sent forth to the field of danger and of
death, to struggle, to suffer, and to die, if need be,
that their country and freedom might live. They
had returned co'vered with glory and with honor,
and the doors of old Faneuil Hall were thrown
open wide to receive them. The Governor as-
cended the rostrum, as he said, to salute them in
behalf of Massachusetts with all the honors due
from the Old Bay State to those of her bravest
and her best.
Before, however, his excellency had fully de-
termined in his own mind what fitting words to
employ, what line of thought to pursue, in his
address to the brave sons of Massachusetts, his
eyes accidentally fell upon a sketch of a debate
as reported in one of the morning papers of Bos-
ton. It was a garbled report, as most of the
newspaper reports of the proceedings of Congress
are. I should have supposed that the honored
Governor of Massachusetts was perfectly aware
that very little reliancc can be placed upon the
correctness of the meager telegraphic reports of
the proceedings of the Senate. And, sir, would
it not have comported more with the dignity of
the high office which he so ably fills if his excel-
lency had withheld his criticisms and his rebuke
until he could have seen and read the official re-
port of the debate to which he seemed so eager
to except ?
Mr. President, to show how imperfect was the
understanding of Governor Andrew in regard to
the debate which he was so ready to assail, I will
read from the Globe report what I said on the
occasion alluded to by him, which was in answer
to some remarks of the honorable Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Fessenden:]
" I spoke of the Army in the aggregate. I do not believe
there was a braver class of men ever assembled together m
an army than the private soldiers who constitute tbegrnnd
army of the Potomac. It is my humblejudgment that the
battle of Gettysbuig was the greatest and most heroic vic-
tory that ever was won on any battle-field, and it was done
by the stubbornness and by the bravery of the soldiers."
Again, on the 24th of February last in another
debate on this floor, I said:
" I believe that this army of the Potomac is just as good
an army as the army of the We.>t. In some particulars. J
am inclined to think it is a better army than the aimy of
the West; but there is one particular in which it falls* far
short of the army of the West. The western army has had
a man at its head who has made that aimy a unit. Theje
is notatiaitor nor a disloyal man in it. There is not a per-
son connected with that army, from General Grant down to
tbe hoy who drives a wagon, that ;s not devotedly attached
to this [Tnion and in favor of strikingthe rebellion the hard-
est and heaviest blows they can hit it."
Mr. President, I think this is enongh to show
that Governor Andrew was mistaken respecting
whatl said of the brave soldiers of New England.
I have never entertained any prejudice against
New England either as regards her soldiers or her
people, i was not born in New England, but
my father and mother were; and from them I de-
rived such early impressions as tiue and faithful
New England parents were likely to impart to
their children.
But, sir, I did say that I thought the army of
the Potomac as an army had not been successful.
Will Governor Andrew deny that? Will Gov-
ernor Andrew stand up in old Faneuil Hall and
justify the slaughter of Massachusetts men at
Ball's Bluff? Will he stand up before the veteran
soldiers whose comrades fell at Ball's Bluff when
there were twenty-five thousand men within seven
miles of them, and when after Colonel Diven and
Colonel Baker had been ordered over the liver tbe
men under McCali and Smith were ordered back
again though they stood in suppoi ting distance of
the men who had been ordered overwind justify
that transaction ? Will he justify the course of
McClellan. who, landing on the Peninsula with
57
one hundred and twenty-six thousand men, sat
down before the city of Yorktown and there be-
sieged the works occupied by only eight or ten
thousand men, leaving Massachusetts soldiers to
dig and to die without winning for the country
or themselves that glory which their patriotism
demanded, and which their courage upon every
battle-field has shown they were willing and able
to win? To show that this statement which I
make is not overdrawn I will read from the testi-
mony of a late Senator on this floor, Hon. Lemuel
J. Rowden, a gentleman whom all here respected,
and of whom all were pleased to hear the glow-
ing and honorable eulogy which was pronounced
upon him by the Senator from West Virginia,
[Mr. Willey.] Mr. Bowden, in answer to the
question, " How many troops did they have at
Yorktown when McClellan landed on the Penin-
sula?" answered: _
" Personally I do nut know; but r had frequent eonversa-
tions with the officers and men of the confederate army,
and f think the information they gave me was correct.
My iinpres&iou decidedly is that the force under Magiuder
at the time McClellan advanced upon Yorktown was from
eight to ten thousand men."
The Richmond Sentinel published a few days
ago, in speaking of the advance of General Sher-
man, says:
" He aims to march with celerity upon Mobile, trusting
that luck will crown his blundenng audacity as itdid Grant's
at Vickt^burg."
Sir, what would not this country have gained
if McClellan had only had one tithe of Grant's
f< blundering audacity" at Yorktown 1
But again, the vanguard of that army marched
up to Williamsburg after the enemy had kept the
grand army of the Potomac for a month or more
at Yorktown and then abandoned it. After they
had been followed up to Williamsburg, and at-
tacked by General Hooker, his corps fought there
all day from early dawn until five o'clock atnight,
with thirty-five thousand men lying idle under the
direqt command of the commander of the army
of the Potomac, and within fite miles of General
Hooker. Thus that hard-fought battle resulted
in nothing, although there was a force under the
command ofGeneral McClellan eager for the fray,
and sufficient to capture and destroy the entire
army of the enemy at Williamsburg.
So, again, it went along until the battle of Fair
Oaks came on. General McClellen had placed
General Casey with forty-five hundred men across
the Chickahominy, and had all the residue of his
army on the other side of the river. A heavy
rain swelled that river, and the enemy with all
their force attacked the little division of General
Casey. He held his ground stubbornly all day
long, and at last General Sumner was enabled
to cross to his relief. They attacked, repulsed,
and drove back the enemy, and General Hooker
marched his corps, as he swears before the com-
mittee, within three miles and a halfofRichmond.
He was then ordered back again to take a posi-
tion far to the rear of where he advanced. Oh,
for one hour then of Grant's " blundering auda-
city !"
Again, at Malvern Hill, after our forces, as all
the reports say, had been fighting battles and
winning victories every day and retieating every
night, while General McClellan, the commander
of this grand army of the Potomac, was lying on
a gunboat in the 'James river, the brave officers
and soldiers of that army fought and won a bat-
tle, and the enemy were diiven in consternation
toward Richmond. Oh, for one hour of Grant's
f< blundering audacity" at that time and at that
place !
Again, the army of the Potomac came back to
Washington. General Pope was driven with his
small force to Bull Run. He had advanced with
forty thousand men to meet the whole rebel force,
and being overpowered he fought every day upon
his retreat, until he arrived at Bull Run. He had
then come within supporting distance of the grand
army of the Potomac, and I think Geneial Hooker
and some others of the army of (he Potomac
were sent forward. General Sumner and General
Franklin, with I suppose about forty thousand
men, were retained at Alexandria and at Chain
bridge. There again our men were fighting'the
whole rebel army with about one half of this arm^
of the Potomac. When General Pope sent in for
supplies, the answer from the commander of this
grand army of the Potomac was substantially this
—this is the result of it—" If you will draw your
men out of the fight, and send them on to guard
the trains you can have provisions." Will Gov-
ernor Andrew stand up in old Faneuil Hall and
justify that?
But, sir, none of these things are owing to a
want of patriotism or a want of bravery in the
men. Notwithstandingallthese discouragements,
their patience has been enduring. They have
fought and won, while they have been constantly
warred against by those*in command of them.
But, again, without wearying the Senate or oc-
cupying too much time, this army at last followed
Lee to Gettysburg. I am told, and I believe it
can be proven, that before the fight commenced
at Gettysburg, wherein the men of New England
and of all the country covered themselves with
glory and with honor everlasting, the order went
forth from the commander of that army to retreat;
and but for the single fact that^one of the corps
commanders had got into a fight "before the dis-
patch reached him, the whole army would un-
doubtedly have been retreating, broken, and in-
effectual before the powerful forces of General
Lee.
But, sir, the battle wasfoughtand won—fought
as a battle was never fought, in my judgment, in
the world before. Our men fought as soldiers
never fought before, and won a victory more hon-
orable and glorious than any victory that Napo-
leon ever won. What then occurred ? After the
battle of Gettysburg that army marched down,
knee-deep in mud, eager to attack Lee on the
banks or the Potomac, and to annihilate him.
They could have done it. They wanted to do it.
They were thirsting for such a conflict, because
they trusted and hoped that it would end this re-
bellion. They reached the banks of the Potomac;-
and, according to General Lee's own dispatches,
he had but eight rounds of ammunition for his
guns. Eight rounds of ammunition—just enough
to last four minutes! Oh, for four minutes of
Grant's " blundering audacity !" Who believes
that Lee's army would have ever crossed the Po-
tomac if the army of the Potomac had had such
a general as Grant at its head? And then the re-
bellion would have ended, and the brave sons of
Massachusetts would have been permitted to re-
turn to their homes and pursue the peaceful avo-
cations of life. But, sir, it was not so.
Again last fall, just before our elections, Gen-
eral Meade ordered his whole forces to the Ra,p-
idanand ciossed it. He met General Lee in force,
probably strongly intrenched; probably he met
him, in a position where an attack upon him might
have been considered rash, and therefore he con-
cluded to withdrawing troops, wliichlthinkprob-
ably was right; but the disgrace did not end there.
He ordered his whole army of seventy-five or
eighty thousand men to retreat; Lee followed him
over the Rapidan, and with thirty thousand men
drove him without firing a gun clear up to the old
battle-ground of Bull Run. Comment is unne-
cessary.
1 repeat that this army has not been treated as
it should have been treated. It is the most aston-
ishing thing in the world that they sh&uld have
retained their courage . nd discipline under all
these reverses, under the humiliation and disgrace
of being ordered to retreat fifty miles when every
soldier knew that that army had the power to fall
upon and crush and annihilate the army of the
enemy. I think General Meade himself knew it.
I wish to say, with regard to General Meade,
that I believe he is a patriotic man. I believe he
is as pure a gentleman as there is in the country.
I believe he has the honor of his country at heart.
I believe that he moans and wishes touohisdufy;
but he has none of that " blundering audacity "
of Grant, which will enable him to win battles and
to crown his army with glory.
