2920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
respects who is not a votary of human slavery.
It'is an abomination. I would begin with this.
It will be one prop knocked from under slavery,
Then I would amend the Constitution, and so
strike outanother and another prop of thjsiniqui-
tous system, which is conceded by every man to
have been the foundation and procuring cause of
the war that is now desolating the land, until the
whole is swept away. For these reasons I would
repeal these obnoxious statutes.
Mr. Speaker, 1 stated that I should occupy the
attention of the House but a few moments. I
now move the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
to withdraw the previous question,and I will re-
new it.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I withdraw the
previous question for the gentleman from Illinois,
he promising to renew it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I have
fio intention of detaining the House long; but it
seems to me thata bill of this kind, and especially
after the speech made on it by the gentleman from
Ohio, ought not to be pressed to a vote without
giving some little time for reply.
I am in favor of the repeal ofthe fugitive slave
law for divers reasons. In the first place the Con-
stitution does not require such law. I would give
to slaveholders what they have got by the letter
of the Constitution, and no more, until we can
amend the Constitution. I am in favor of its re-
peal, again, for the reason that I am in favor of
striking all the blows I possibly can at the insti-
tution of slavery, and just as fast as I can. In the
third place I am in favor of the repeal ofthe fu-
gitive slave law because it is a disgrace, a stand-
ing, blasting disgrace upon the statute-books of
the nation.
If I understand the argument of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] he would, armed with this
fugitive slave law, go to the field and strip from
these valiant sable defenders of the Republic their
uniforms, take from them their muskets, and in
place of their knapsacks on their backs lay on
stripes and chains and manacles, and send them
back again to slavery. He would not stop there,
but would even follow the wounded black soldier
to the hospital, tear him from the hands of his
surgeon, and with chains and stripes take him
back to his master and slavery. I would like to
put the question to thatgentlemanortoanyother
who sympathizes with him on that question,
whether he is willing to follow out to its logical
sequence the argument which he makes; whether
he desires to strip the uniforms from all these men
who are now soldiers of the Republic, occupying
the most honorable position that any man can
occupy in the nation—defenders of their coun-
try; whether he is willing to%o to the field and
strip the unif6rms off these men, and return them
to a dark and dismal slavery.
The gentleman from Ohio expressed his sym-
pathy for Arguelles, the slave pirate 
Mr. COX. I expressed no sympathy at all for
Arguelles.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, Mr. Speaker,
under this fugitive slave law, the fugitive has no
trial until he is taken back to the place from whence
he escaped, for the examination before the com-
missioner is not a trial; you put the iron hand of
the law upon him and take him buck to his mas-
ter; and there is the only place where he can have
anything like a trial.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Illinois
yield to me?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot be expected
to yield any of my time, which is but six minutes.
Mr. COX. The gentleman misinterprets mc.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In the case of a maii-
stealer the gentleman objects to any such sum-
mary proceeding. He objects to sending the
pirate to the place of his crimes for trial. If he
had been charged with some petty crime, if he had
been some poor ordinary " cuss," and had been
sent back to answer, there would not have been a
word of complaint from the gentleman. But he is a
man-slealer, a towering rascal. He has committed
the greatest crime that a man can commit on God's
green earth, the sum of all villainies, and therefore
he is worthy of being made a plank in the Demo-
cratic platform. If we have not got a precedent
or law for sending back a man like that, we will
moke one. It is the destiny of republics like this
to set precedents, not to follow them.
Oh! Mr. Speaker, I understand where the
trouble is with that side ofthe House. The effect of
the action of sending back this rascal to Cuba was
the emancipation of eighty human beings—that is
wl^ere the shoe pinches. Ail the trouble js that
upon Arguelles landing in Cuba the chains fell
from the limbs of eighty men—that is what troubles
my friend upon the other side ofthe House. If he
had stolen money or horses, some petty crime,
it would have been all well enough , and you would
have heard no dissent; but he is so infamous,
his crime so high-handed and God-defying, that
he is worthy of a plank in the Democratic plat-
form, and a wail from the Democratic party.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in compliance with my
promise, I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Tiie bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York, demanded the
previous question upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the1
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, demanded
the yeas and nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 57, not voting 42;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ashley, John D.
Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eiiot,
Farnsworth, Frank, Garfield, Gooch, Griswold, Hlgby,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel VV. Hubbard, John II. Hub-
bard, Hulbnrd, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Francis
W. Kellogg, Littlejohn, Loan, Longyear, Marvin, McCiurg,
Mcfndoe, Samuel F. Miller, iMoorhead, Morrill, Daniel
Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Mvers, Norton, Charles
O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Price, Alexander
H, Rice, John H. Rice, Schenek, Scofield, Shannon,Sloan,
Spalding, Starr, Stevens,Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Upson,
Van Valkenburgh, Webster, Whaley, Williams, Wilder,
Wilson, Wiudom, and VVoodbridge—82,
NAYS—Messrs. James 0. Allen, William J. Allen, Au-
gustas C. Baldwin, Bliss, Brooks, James S. Brown. Chanler,
Cotfroth, Cox,Cravens, Dawson, Den ison, Eden, Edgerton,
Eldridge, English, Finek, Ganson, Grider, Harding, Har-
rington, Charles M. Harris, Holman,Hutehins, Kalhtieiseh,
ICernan, King, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Mallory,
Marcy, McDowell, McKinney, William II. Miller, James
R. Morris, Morrison, Odell, Pendleton, Pruyn, Radford,
Robinson, James S. Rollins, Ross, Smithers, William G.
Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Wadsworth, Ward,
Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, and Fer-
nando Wood—57.
NOT VOTING—Messis. Aneona, Anderson, Arnold,
Bailv, Broomall, William G. Brown, Clay, Deming, Du-
mon't, Fenton, Giinnell, Hale, Hall, Benjamin G. Harris,
llemck, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kasson, Orlando
Kellogg, Long, McAllister, Meliride, Middleton, Nelson,
Noble, John O'Neill, Perry, Pomeioy, Samuel J, Randall,
William II. Randall, Rogers, Edward H. Rollins, Scott,
Smith, Stcbbins, John B. Sicele, Vooihees, Ellhu B.Wash-
burne, William B. Washburn, Winfield, Benjamin Wood,
and Yeaman—42.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. SC0F1ELD stated that Mr. Fenton was
detained at his room by ill health, and had paired
with Mr. Steele of New York.
Mr. COX stated that Mr. Voorhees had paired
with Mr. Rollins of New Hampshire.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN stated that Mr. Pomeroy
had paired with Mr. Nelson.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL AND RESOLUTION.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill and joint resolu-
tion of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 149) concerning certain
school lands in township forty-five north, range
seven east, in the State of Missouri; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 55) granting cer-
tain privileges to the city of Des Moines, in the
State of Iowa.
TIIE GOLD J5ILL.
Mr. HOOPER. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I call up the motion to reconsider the vote
I by which the gold bill was laid on the table.
Mr. COX. I move that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to the floor.
--Mr. HOOPER. I propose to submit a few re-
marks on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. DAWSON. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the motion to adjourn is not debata-
ble.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts was entitled to the floor, and the gen-
tleman from Ohio, therefore, had not the floor to
move to adjourn.
Mr. DAWSON. I submit then that a motion
to reconsider a vote la ying a bill on the table is not
debatable.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains that
question of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 66, noes 53.
Mr. HOOPER. 1 desire to ask the Chair what
will be the condition of this motion to-morrow if
the House adjourn now?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer the
gentleman if no objection be made.
Mr. BROOKS. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair then announces
that the House stands adjourned until to-morrow
at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 14, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
On motion of Mr. WADE, and by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal was dispensed
with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of im-
porters and merchants of the city of New York,
praying that goods in bond may be exempted
from the operations of the resolution of April 29,
1864, imposing an additional duty of fifty per
cent, on gojds imported into the United States
for sixty days; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented six petitions of men
and women of the United States, praying for the
abolition of slavery, and such an amendment of
the Constitution as will forever prohibit its ex-
istence in any portion of the Union; which were
referred to the select committee on slavery and
freedmen.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore: laid before the
Senate a copy of the acts, resolutions, and me-
morials, and of the journal of the Legislative As-
sembly ofthe Territory of Utah for the thirteenth
annual session for the years 1863-64; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I present a petition
of settlers on the Absentee Shawnee Indian res-
ervation in Douglas county, Kansas, praying that
in any treaty which may be made with the Shaw-
nee nation of Indians it may be stipulated that
settlers upon the said reservation shall not be sub-
ject to pay more than an average price of §1 25;
which 1 move be referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs and printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it proposed to print a
petition ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to its printing.
It is very uncommon in the Senate to print a
petition.
Mr. SUMNER. The motion to print ought
to go to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be so
referred.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This petition relates
to a matter of material importance to the inter-
ests of my State, and I should like Senators to un-
derstand it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very unusual to
print petitions.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I withdraw the mo-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is withdrawn; and the petition will bo referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
