898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
The army of the Potomac is not exclusively an
eastern army. A Minnesota regiment fought side
by side all through the campaigns of that army
with the fifteenth (I think) Massachusetts regi-
ment. I Went over the battle-ground of Gettys-
burg with the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts, the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, a few days after the battle, and there we
saw. Minnesota graves and Massachusetts graves
side by side upon the line of battle. As we
marched toward the intrenchments of the enemy,
near to the very foot of the intrenchments, we
picked up knapsacks with "fifteenth Massachu-
setts" written upon them. I remember well that I
called the attention of the honorable Senator to it
at the time, and how I thought that men who
could fight as those men fought were entitled to
win more glory and more renown for themselves
and their country than they had been permitted
to do.
Mr. President, this grand army stands to-day
nearly where it stood two years ago. Did I not
believe that it might have done vastly more than
it has done if it had been properly directed, I
would not say one word; but for the honor of
those troops, for the honor of our country, for
the honor of the brave men who have already
fallen to enrich Virginia soil and whose blood has
crimsoned almost every rivulet in that State, it is
right that the blame of their not having advanced
further should fall on the men on whom it should
rightfully fall, and the country should know that
while this army has not been as successful as the
western army,.i^is not the sons of Massachusetts
or of Ohio, or Indiana, or Michigan, or Maine
who are to blame, but it is because the army has
not been managed as the grand, conquering, victo-
rious army of the West has been managed.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable member had
confined himself 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
allow the Chair to suggest that there is no ques-
tion before the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to say a word or two.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
proceed if there he no objection. The Chair hears
none.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable member had
contented himself with defending himself against
the imputation which he understands has been
made upon him by the Governor of Massachu-
setts, no Senator would have thought it his duty
to say a word in reply. Having heard the hon-
orable Senatoron the occasion whichgave rise to
the remarks of the Governor of Massachusetts, I
am satisfied that the Governor has misunderstood
the course adopted by the member.
But v/liile he deemed it necessary to protect
himself against unjust imputations, I wonder it
hud not occurred to him that perhaps he was of-
fending in the like way by casting imputations
upon others. He has stated two thingsin which
the country has an interest, and in regard to which
we should all be advised. He has assailed two
officers in whom the country heretofore have had
confidence, m whom the Executive of the United
States has had confidence, m one of whom the
Executive still has confidence, we must suppose,
for lie leaves him in command.
The honorable memberlms told us—upon what
authority I am yet to learn—that when the battle
of Malvern Hill was decided upon and fought,
the commander of the army was safely on board
a gunboat in the river. I ask the honorable mem-
ber for the authority upon which he speaks. No
matter what it is, no matter what may be the
quarter from which the information isdeiived,the
tact is unquestionably otherwise. General Mc-
Clellan was at Malvern Hill, assisted in selecting
the site, was present when the battle was fought,
not in the advance, for a general never is, but a
spectator of the whole scene, and directing as far as
it was proper to direct the movements of the corps
engaged in that battle—a battle, too, that covered
not only the army of thePotomac with glory, but
added glory to the military renown of the United
States.
He has also stated—and in relation to that state-
ment likewise I think we are entitled to the au-
thoiity upon which he has made it—that the com-
mander of the same army previous to the battle
of Gettysburg ordered a retreat. There is noth-
ing on file in the Department of War, nothing has
been communicated from that Department or by
the President of the United States, or by any
corps commander as far as we know, that any
such order was given; and, independent of any
express authority to show that any such order
was issued, ail the circumstances prove almost
the impossibility of the assertion. When Gen-
eral Hooker was removed from the command of
the army only a few days before the battle of
Gettysburg, and General Meade by the President
of the United States put at its head, he marched
with a celerity unexampled, and fought the battle
even sooner than the public had reason to believe
it could be fought with anything like safety, and
every military man who has spoken on the sub-
ject, as far as I am advised, from that day to this,
(unless the honorable member be an exception
and he be a military man, of which I have no par-
ticular knowledge,) has spoken of that battle as
one of Ihe best that ever has been fought, both
as regards the bravery of the men engaged and
the skill of the leader.
Mr. President, at this period it is, and I submit
it to the honorable member, exceedingly inappro-
priate and impolitic to be assailing the leaders of
our armies. They peril life; they peril reputa-
tion. The honorable member from time to time
has told us that the black soldiers who have been
enlisted in the service of the United States are to
be paid not only by a gift of freedom to them, but
by the same pay that we give to the white sol-
diers, because they are periling life in defense of
the country. The men who lead our armies, de-
voting themselves day and night to the service of
their country, anxious to carry its flag wherever
it can be carried successfully and to putdown this
Vebellion, are on the floor of the Senate charged
either with gross ignorance or with some crime,
if ignorance be a crime, worse than ignorance.
And the honorable member tells us that this
might have been done and that might have been
done, and he places himself, in relation to some
of the matters which he thinks could have been
accomplished, upon the authority of General
Hooker. I am the last man to call in question
the gallantry of General Hooker and his ability
to lead a corps or to lead a division, but lam yet
to be advised by anything that has happened in
the course of this war that he is capable of com-
manding the army with more skill and success
than either McClellan or Meade. He was placed
in the command of the army, the unrestricted com-
mand of the army, an army not in the condition
in which McClellan was obliged to lead his, but
an army in as fine condition as ever were placed
under the command of any chief, and what was
the result? A movement, however skillfully con-
ducted in the beginning, resulting in a lamentable
failure. I suppose it could not be avoided, and
I repeat that 1 am not here for the purpose of
challenging in any acrimonious spirit the skill or
the gallantry of General Hooker; hut it is proper
to say in this connection that in the testimony
which he gave before the committee on the con-
duct of the war, he almost said in words that if
he had been in the command of the army when
McClellan was, Richmond would now have been
in our hands. I have no doubt he thought so;
but judging of what might have been the result if
he had been in command by what was the result
when he got to be in command of the army, the
country would have found that that would not
have been the result.
Now, the honorable member assails, and not
for the first time, the army of the Potomac; not
upon the ground of any want of valor or of loyalty
in the materials of which the army is composed,
but upon the ground of the inefficiency of its offi-
cers; and he tells the Senate and tells the country
that it has literally done nothing. The honorable
member closes his eye to what has happened dur-
ing the last two years. Done nothing? The
North has been saved twice from having this bat-
tle for the safety of the nation carried on within
her own limits; and upon the last occasion when
Meade so gallantly and successfully commanded
the aimy, if there had been a failure Philadelphia
would have been in the possession of the enemy
in less than ten days, and that done the confed-
eracy would have been recognized.
But is thdtall? Maryland was invaded, Penn-
sylvania was invaded; the disheartened and de-
moralized armywhofled from Virginia, dispirited
and desponding, were placed by the President of
the United States under the command of General
McClellan, and the result was instantaneous; de-
moralization ceased, order commenced, confidence
in the chief began, and the confidence continued
until the battles of South Mountain and Antietam,
and the result of those battles was that Lee was
driven across the Potomac bootless to his home
and we were again saved—if not Philadelphia,
Maryland was saved, Baltimore was saved. And
what would have been the condition of the coun-
try if the enemy had got possession of Baltimore ?
What would have been the condition of this capi-
tal? What would have been the plight in which
the honorable member himself, in common with
his associates in this Chamber, would have found
himself? Obliged to fly, fly for safety, abandon
the seat of Government; and that done, it requires
no prophet to say that the confederacy would have
been recognized by both England and Prance; and
that done, although I have as much confidence in .
the ability and power of the United States as any
man living, I should almost have despaired of the
fate of the nation.
When, therefore, gentlemen tell us—and the
honorable member has told it more than once—
that the army of the Potomac has failed, they go
in opposition to the history of the day. It has
not done all that was expected, but it has saved
the city of Washington, it has saved the credit
and honor of the Government, it has saved the
North, it has saved the State from which I come.
But, sir, the army of the Potomac has not al-
ways been under the command of either McClel-
lan, or Hooker,or Meade. McClellan, while on
a march and apparently about to meet the enemy,
and with every confidence existing in his own
mind and in the minds of his corps officers of suc-
cess, was taken from the command without a
moment's notice, and the army placed under the
command of General Burnside, a gallant soldier,
a brave man, a patriotic man, in whose heart there
exists an undying devotion to the Union; but we
all know what the resultwas. He crossed the river
which had divided the two armies, and with what
a fearful loss! How did we suffer by that failure;
how in our own eyes, how in the eyes of Europe!
Burnside's defeat and Hooker's defeat nearly lost
us the confidence which had in a great measure
been before reposed in the ability of the United
States by the Governments of Europe.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator allow me
one moment?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. ThereportofGeneral Burn-
side has not been printed; but I desire to state to
the Senate and to the country my opinion, based
upon some knowledge of facts, a portion of which
are in the possession of Senators around me and
some not, that when all the facts of that campaign
are known it will be evident to every one that
the movement of General Burnside was well con-
ceived, well planned, and that its failure was ow-
ing entirely to the disobedience of officers high in
command. I appeal to the chairman of the com-
mittee on the conduct of the war if that statement
is not correct.
Mr. JOHNSON. That, I have no doubt, is the
impression of General Burnside; and I am not
here to say whether he is right or wrong about it;
but then it will be recollected that General Burn-
side, in the estimation of the world, is no better
a soldier than the corps commander with whom
he finds fault.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not stand here to as-
sail any man; but I desire to protect, at least so
far as this declaration will protect, the reputation
of General Burnside; and 1 ask my friend from
Ohio if the statement I have made is not borne
out by his opinion, based upon the testimony
before him.
Mr. WADE. I am very unwilling to be dragged
into this debate at this time. 1 have very strong
opinions, derived from the testimony of witnesses
who ought to know the facts, upon all the points
which are now raised here. 1 am not a military
man, and it would be very presumptuous in me
to volunteer an opinion on such a subject, except
what is derived from officers that ought to know
the facts. I do believe that the battle of Fred-
ericksburg was lost through the disobedience of
officers in high command that did not carry out
the orders of General Burnside. I attribute that
entire defeat to that circumstance, because I de-
rive my information from officers high in com-
