1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 521) to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the payment of the claims of Peruvian
citizens, Under the convention between the United
States and Pern of the 12th of January, 1863,"
approved June 1,1864, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No.'494) to increase duties on imports, and for
other purposes, reported it with amendments.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(H.R.No. 495) to amend the charter of the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railroad Company, re-
ported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 186) to incor-
porate the Baltimore and Washington Depot and
Potomac Ferry Railway Company, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 298) to incorporate thePotomacFerry
Company, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 115) for the proper
organization of the levy court of the county of
Washington, in the District of Columbia, reported
it with an amendment.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. No. 65) in relation to the public
printing; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Printing.
CALIFORNIA STATE PRISON.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
306) to grant to the State of California- certain
lands for State prison purposes, have directed me
to report the same back with amendments. I un-
derstood from the Senator from California, [Mr.
Conness,] who introduced the bill, that it was
very important to have it passed at this session,
and I think he would desire its present consid-
eration. I will therefore ask for the present con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. Will it occupy any time?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose not. I will
state that four hundred and fifty acres of land are
now occupied by the State prison of California
and are used for prison purposes. It was sup-
posed that this land belonged to private individ-
uals; but a doubt has arisen on that subject, and
the opinion of the attorney general of California
is that the Government of the United States really
has a better title. This is but a release to the
Siate of that title.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill.
The amendments of the Committee on Public
Lands were to strike out the word " the" in the
fifteenth line of the bill, and the words " the same
being about four hundred and fifty acres more or
less" in the sixteenth line, and to insert the words
" notexceeding in quantity four hundred and fifty
acres," and to add at the end of the bill the words
" without prejudice to the rights or claims of any
other parties;" so that the bill will read:
Be it enacted, tfj'f., That the lightof the United States to
the lands comprising that portion of the promontory or
point known as "Puntade CluinUn"or '< Point San Quin-
tal," lying east of the north and couth line dividing sec-
tions No. tl and 10 from No. 2 and 11, in township No. 1
north, range No. fi west of Mount Diablo meridian, embra-
cing portions <$ IS'os. 11,1% 13, and M of the said township
No. 1 north, raiure No. G west, upon winch the Suite pu^on
of the State of r.ihlomia is now located, not exceeding
m quantity four hundred and fifty aeres, bo, and the same
is hereby, ceded, granted, and confirmed to tiie said State
of California.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know if four
hundred and fifty acres of land are necessary for
a penitentiary.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is a question I
asked the Senator from California who introduced
the bill, and he informed me that that amount of
land was being used for the State prison of Cali-
fornia, and for State prison purposes. A part of
it is used in the manufacture of brick and a part
is cultivated as agricultural land by the convicts.
Mr. CONNESS. I will state for the informa-
tion of the Senate that it is a piece of land pur-
chased of private parties by the State of California
eleven years since. The State finally purchased it
from two or three owners. In all they have paid'
#90,000 for the land, which is really worth fifty
cents per acre. A considerable piece of it is a
swampy plat that has been filled up and made
into a brick-yard, where the prisoners are em-
ployed in making bricks.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
TERRITORY OF IDAHO.
Mr. WADE. The Committee on Territories,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 486)
to amend an act entitled "An act to provide a tem-
porary government for the Territory of Idaho,"
approved March 3, 1863, have directed me to re-
port it back without amendment; and I ask for
its present consideration. It will not take a mo-
ment.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It authorizes the Governor of the Ter-
ritory of Idaho to reapportion that Territory for
the election of members of the council and house
of representatives of the Legislative Assembly;
but the apportionment is to be based on an enu-
meration of the inhabitants and qualified voters
of the several counties and districts of the Terri-
tory, to be taken by such person and in such
mode as the Governor shall designate and ap-
point; and the persons so appointed are to re-
ceive a reasonable compensation therefor, to be
paid out of the territorial treasury. This is not
to be construed todivestany member of the coun-
cil, elected at the first election in the Territory,
of any right he may have acquired by virtue of
that election, who was elected from any county
or district within the present limits of the Terri-
tory of Idaho. The annual election in the Ter-
ritory for the election of all officers, provided for
by the laws of the Territory, for the year 1864, is
to be held at such places as are now provided by
law, and such other places as the Governor may
direct, on the second Monday of October.
Mr. WADE. The necessity for this bill arises
from the fact that we have divided that Territory
during this session, which makes it necessary to
have a reapportionment for members of the Legis-
lative Assembly. Thaf is the object of the bill,
and that is all there is of it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PRESERVATION OF PUBLIC WORKS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
postpone all prior oiders, and take up House bill
No. 450, to provide for the repair and preserva-
tion of certain public works of the United States.
It is a very important measure, and will not oc-
cupy two minutes of time, I think.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to taking up that bill
until resolutions can be called for. They have
become about obsolete in the Senate, and 1 think
it is time to take them up.
The motion of Mr. Chandler was agreed to;
and the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill.
The Committee on Commerce reported the bill
with amendments. The first amendment of the
committee was in section one, line six, to strike
' out the words " protecting the commerce of the
lakes by causing," and to insert the word " re-
pairing;" and in line nine, after the word "Su-
perior," to strike out the words " to be repaired
and made useful for purposes of commerce and
navigation;" so that the section will read:
That there be, and hereby is, appropriated, out of any
, money in the Treasury not otliem i e appiopnatcd,the sura
j of ,5050,000. to ho expended under the direction of IheSec
retary ot War, 111 ie;iairin;t the public works connected
with the haibois on Lakes Uliampiam, Ohtaiio, Erie, Saint
Ciair, Huron. .Michi;;an, and Superior, so far as the same,
in lus judgment, may he necessary.
The next amendment was in section two, line
five, after the word " repairing," to strike out
the words "and rciulenng tiseiui tor purposes of
commerce and navigation;" so that the section
will read:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there be, and
hereby is, appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the further sum of $t00,0®},
to be expended under the direction of the Secretary ot
War, in repairing Such of the public wprks connected with
the harbors on the seaboard of the United States "as may,
in his judgment, need such expenditures.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
■ Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator from Michi-
gan, who reported this bill, would make some
explanation of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will do so very readily,
if the Senator desires it. A large sum was asked
at the opening of this session to carry on these
repairs, I think $651,OOd". The Committee on
Commerce thought it more than they ought to
expend this year. They referred the bill to the
Secretary of War to know where and how the
amount could be cut down. Instead of cutting it
down the engineers proposed to raise it very con-
siderably, making it $2,500,000. The committee
thereupon rejected the whole measure. After
that rejection the House of Representatives passed
this bill appropriating this small sum for needed
repairs. For instance, at Plattsburgh, as I am
informed, there isa pier that cost$l,000,000, and
it is absolutely washing away, going to decay,
and will be absolutely lost unless something is
done. Repairs costing $10,000 will render it safe
for a long time to come. It is for such purposes
as that that this bill is introduced. It appropri-
ates a small sum, at the discretion of the Secretary
of War, to be used exclusively for the repairs of
public woiks that are going to destruction for the
want of repair. That is all there is about it. -
Mr. HOWE. As I understand the Senator,
there is no estimate and no information from the
Secretary of War as to where this money is to be
expended nor upon what works.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir ; not any.
Mr. WADE. The same observation the Sen-
ator from Michigan has made with regard to the
harbor of Plattsburgh, is true of many of the har-
bors on Lake Erie, and especially at Cleveland.
1 introduced a bill very early this session to ap-
propriate a much larger sum than this, and speci-
fying each harbor, and I did it according to the
estimates of the Department, and I was in hopes
that that sum would be appropriated; but that
could not be done. The sum thatl asked for was
not sufficient of itself to put these harbors in the
condition in which they ought to be; but some-
thing must be done to preserve the public works
in these harbors or they will be rendered entirely
useless. A small sum now is perhaps better than
nothing, and will stay the decay of these works
until such time as we can proceed to make them
permanent. There is no doubt that all this bill
asks for is absolutely necessary, and a great deal
more would be useful. Even burdened as we are
by debt now, 1 believe a large sum of two or
three millions could be appropriated to this pur-
pose to greater advantage than to almost any other
object. But as the committee have thought dif-
ferently, as they have strong and cogent reasons
to be prudent and cautious in the expenditure of
money, I am not contending for the larger amount,
necessary as I know it to be. I hope, however,
there will be no objection to this small sum being
appropriated under the direction of the War De-
partment for such purposes as are necessary.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to make an apology or
an explanation. I shall not make any objection
to the passage of this bill, of course. The in-
quiry I made was dictated by the very facts,
known to me, which the Senator from Ohio has
just stated. I knew the necessity was so great
for a larger sum of money to be specifically ap-
propriated to specific purposes that I really could
not undei stand why this small sum to be expended
merely at the discretion of the Secretary of War
was offered here; but certainly I shall not object
to the bill.
Theamendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bili to be read a thud time, it was read
the third time, and passed.
JUAN MIRANDA.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
halt past twelve o'clock having arrived, the Chair
will call for the special order for that hour, being
