2922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
the bill (S. No. 238) to asceriain and settle cer-
tain private claims in the State of California, the
pending question being on the motion of the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. ConnessJ that the bill
be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. CONNESS. Upon that motion I will call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Before the subject is dis-
posed of I think it my duty to make a simple
statement to the Senate.
Ihave been familiar with this Ortega and Mi%
randa case for a great many years. At one time
I was counsel for the Ortega claim. I never had
any relation to the Miranda claim and was not a
party concerned in it. The position I occupied
was one of an antagonist character. Understand-
ing the history of this case and how it was con-
ducted in the court below, that is, in the circuit
court,as well as the decisions of the Supreme
Court, when the question was presented hereby
my former colleague at the last session, I felt it
my duty to vote to enable the Miranda claimants
to have a hearing before the court. It was by a
common error on the part of the bar and I may
say of most of the bench in California that the
Miranda claim was prevented from having a
hearing. I do not undertake to say that the Mi-
randa claim is a good claim. It is not the ques-
tion here before the Senate. By a misunderstand-
ing even on the part of the Supreme Court as to
what the law was they remitted the case back for
further hearing and prevented them from having
a full hearing. I believe the Supreme Court in
giving the opinion held that Miranda had a good
right. "Whether they could so prove upon a trial
of the Miranda case or not I am'not prepared to
say. It is none of my business, nor is it the busi-
ness, I think, of the Senate. Having been de-
prived of a hearing heretofore, I think them en-
titled, and I shall therefore so vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown,Chandler, Clark, Con-
fess, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes Howe,
Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Pomeioy, Ramsey, Sprngue,
Sumner, Ton Eyck, Wade, Wilkinson, and YVits-on—21.
NAYS—Messrs.Buckalew, Carlile, Davis, Harlan, Har-
ris, Hendricks, Johnson, McOougall, Nesmith, Powell,
Richardson, Riddle, Sherman, Trumbull,Van Winkle, and
Willey—16.
ABSENT—Messrs.Collamer, Cowan,Dixon, Hale, Har-
ding, Henderson, Hicks, Howard, Lane of Kansas, Mor-
rill, Saulsbuiy, and Wnght—-12,
So the motion was agreed to; and the bill was
indefinitely postponed.
DISTRICT JUDICIAL FEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 296. 1 will state to the Senate that the
object of the bill is to save a little money to the
Treasury.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 296) in relation to the fees
and emoluments of the marshal, attorney, and
clerk of the supreme court of the District of Co-
lumbia, and for other purposes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary reported this bill, with an amendment
in the nature of a substitute. I suggest, there-
fore, that the leading of the original bill be dis-
pensed with, and that the amendment only be
read.
Tiie PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be puisued, if there be nu objection.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to strike out all of the original bill after the enact-
ing clause, and to insert in lieu thereof:
That the fees of the clerk of the supteme couit of the
District of Columbia, except so far as hereinafter specific-
ally provided, and of the United States attorney and the
marshal of suid District, shall be the same as the fees re-
spectively allowed to clerks of the district and circuit
courts, attorneys, solicitors, and proctors, and marshals,
b\ the act appioved February 26,1853, entitled "An act
to legulate the focn and co^ts to be allowed clerks mar-
shals, and attorneys of the enemtand district com t-s of the
United Slates, and for other purposes:" Provided, That
the ciei k of said supreme court shall not he allowed by
the Seeretaiy of the _ Interior to retain of the fees and
emoluments* of his said office, for his own petsotial com-
pensation. over and above his necessary office expenses,
the necessary clerk hno included, to be audited and al-
lowed by the accounting officers of the Trea&iuy, subject
to an nppcal to the Secietaiy of the Intcnor, the sum of
$6,000 per annum; and in making out his ^emi-annual
returns, requued by the third section of said act, said
clerk shall embrace lus fees and emoluments of every
name and character for any service requued of him by jaw.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no marshal nor
district attorney of the United States shall, by reasofi of
the discharge of the duties of his office, now or hereaftei
required of him by law, or in any ease in which the United
States will be bound by the judgment which may be ren-
dered in the same, be allowed to retain out of the fees,
charges, and emoluments therefor, whether prescribed by
statute or allowed byacourt oranyjudge thereof, a greater
maximum compensation than that fixed by the act afore-
said: but all such fees and emoluments, of every name
and character, shall be included in the semi-annual returns
required of marshals and attorneys by the third section of
the act aforesaid.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, at the com-
mencement of every suit in the supremp court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, the plaintiff shall deposit at least eight
dollars with the clerk, to be appropriated toward the costs
of the suit; and if the plaintiff recover against the defend-
ant a judgment with costs, and said costs do not amount
to eight dollais, the overplus shall be paid back to the plain-
tiff by the clerk: Provided, That suits may be prosecuted
in said court by poor persons without making the deposit
herein prescribed, upon the order of the couit, or of one of
the justices thereof.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the following fees,
and no other, shall be allowed to the cleik of said court for
the services following: for all services rendered by said
clerk to the United States, in cases m which the said Uni-
ted States is a party of recoid,five dollars. For each mar-
riage license issued by him, one dollar. For each certifi-
cate of official character, including the seal, fifty cents.
Sec. 5. *dnd be it further enacted, That nothing in this
act shall be &o construed as to repeal or modily any of the
provisions of an act entitled "An act to authorize the ap-
pointment of a waiden of the jail in the District of Colum-
bia," approved February 20, i864 ; but the duties of said
warden, and of the marshal of the United States for said
District, in regard to the said jail and the prisoners com-
mitted thereto or confined therein, shall remain the same
as if this act had not been passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the fifth line of the
fifth section of the amendment the word "ninth"
should be inserted after the word "twenty," so
as to read, "approved February 29th, 1864."
The amendment to the amendment wasagreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will also move to amend
that same section by inserting after the word
"entitled" in the third line the following words:
"An act concerning the disposition of convicts in the
courts of the United States, for subsisting persons con fined
in jails charged with violating the laws of the United States,
and for diminishing the expenses in relation thereto," ap-
proved May 1*2, 1864, or of an act entitled.
The amend merit to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting at the end of the fourth section
the following:
For service of any warrant, attachment, summons, capias,
or other writ, except execution, venire, or a summons, or
subpena for a witness, one dollar for each person on whom
such service may be made.
The amendment to the amendment wasagreed to*
Mr. TRUMBULL. I made no objection to
that amendment, but its adoption renders neces-
sary a change in the wording of the same section
of the bill. There was no provision in the bill
before in regard to the marshal's fees. It will be
necessary, therefore, to insert in the third line of
the fourth section after the word "court" the
words " and the marshal of said District;" so that
it will read:
That the following fees, and no other, shall be allowed
to the clerk of said court and the marshal of said Distuct,
for the services following, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The phraseology will
have to be changed also in the first section. In
the sixth line of that section, afterthe word " Dis-
trict," I move to insert the words "except so far
as hereinafter provided."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
PUNISHMENT OF GUERRILLAS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bill (H.
R. No. 511) to provide for the more speedy pun-
ishment of guerrillas, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that the provisions of
the twenty-first section of an act for enrolling and
calling out the national forces, and forother pur-
poses, approved March 3, 1863, shall apply as
well to the sentences of military commissions as
to those of courts-martial, and hereafter the com-
manding general in the field, or the commander
of the department, as the case may be, shall-have
powerto carry intoexecution all sentences against
guerrillas,and for robbery, arson, burglary, rape,
assault with intent to commit rape, and for viola-
tion of the laws and customs of war, as well as
sentences against spies, mutineers, deserters, and
murderers. The second section provides that
every officer authorized to order a general court-
martial shall have power to pardon or mitigate
any punishment ordered by such court, including
that of confinement in the penitentiary, except the
sentence of death, or of cashiering or dismissing
an officer, which sentences it shall be competQnt
during the continuance of the present rebellion for
the general commanding the Army in the field or
the department commander, as the case may be,
to remit or mitigate; and the fifth section of the
act approved July 17,1862, chapter two hundred
and one, is repealed, so far as it relates to sen-
tences of imprisonment in the penitentiary.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the bill with an amendment in section one, line
eleven, after the word "guerrillas," to strike out
the following words:
And for robbery, arson, burglary, rape, assault with in-
tent to commit rape, and for violation of the laws and cus-
toms of war.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to make this
amendmenta subject of any discussion in partic-
ular, but I hope it will not be concurred in by
the Senate. 1 see no reason why the crimes of
robbery, arson, burglary, tape, assault with in-
tent to commit rape, &c., should be taken out of
the category of crimes to bq punished without a
resort to the President of the United States. They
are certainly the highest crimes known to the
criminal code, whether committed in the Army
or in civil life. I hope, therefore, that we shall
not concur in the amendment suggested by the
Committee on Military Affairs, but suffer the bill
to stand as it is, and pass itas it is.
Mr.'BROWN. I will state to the Senate the
reason which induced the Committee on Military
Affairs to move this amendment. It is known
that most of the trials which take place in the
Army do not proceed by courts-martial, which
have all the safeguards which can be conceived
of thrown around them, but proceed by military
commissions, which are very summary in their
character, which are oftentimes very loose, and
in which the defendant is very often not suffi-
ciently protected from the judgment of the court.
In other words, it is a very rapid and summary
mode of dealing with offenses. Itis proposed by
this bill to put military commissions on precisely
the same ground with military courts-martial, and
authorize the department commander or the com-
manding officer in the field to carry into instanta-
neous execution the sentences of those commis-
sions. The Committee on Military Affairs thought
that while it was well and proper that the com-
manding officer should have authority to carry
into effect those sentences as they related to guer-
rillas, as they related to spies and the cases enu-
merated in the bill, it was not wise or well to plaice
the lives of our own soldiers under a condition
where they might be subject to such careless exe-
cution. They therefore preferred to leave those
offenses which are committed by our own soldiery
to the present state of the law, leaving this sum-
mary execution which is to be carried out by
commanders in the field to relate to the cases enu-
merated.
I trust that the amendment of the committee
will be agreed to, because I am very sure from
my own experience, from the number of com-
missions which I have seen operating, and whose
sentences I have seen reversed subsequently,
that if they are to be carried into immediate ex-
ecution as relates to our own soldiers, we are
very apt to suffer harm by it. I think the dis-
crimination is a very good one, and 1 trust the
committee's amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. This amendment was car-
ried in the Committee on Military Affairs by a
majority of one, so that very little reliance can be
placed upon the action of the Military Committee
in behalf of this amendment.
Mr. BROWN. I will inquire of the Senator
whether he conceives that a simple majority car-
ries with it no reliance at all? What docs he
mean by that language?
Mr. HOWARD. That it carried no particu-
lar weight.
Mr. BROWN. What does the Senator mean
by that?
