1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the previous question upon the pending amend-
ments. That previous question extends to all the
amendments. The question came up; the House
of Representatives was willing to agree to strike
out the tax of forty cents a gallon, and expressed
that willingness by a very close vote; but it was
not within its poweraccording to the rules of the
House to move to amend the Senate amendment,
so that the proposition to put a tax of twenty cents
agallon onspiritson handcouldnotunderthe rules
of the House be in order, and was never submitted
to the House until the question was taken there
yesterday on these instructions.
The Senator's reasoning might have been cor-
rect if the House of Representatives had passed
upon the identical proposition now before the two
Houses. Then it would not be right to go back
and reconsider that question. But the House of
Representatives simply agreed to the Senate's
proposition to strike out the tax of forty cents
upon spirits on hand. That is all they agreed to.
That is all their action. By their rules they were
precluded from passing upon the question of im-
posing a tax of twenty cents a gallon, because
they could not amend the Senate's amendments
in the stage in which the bill was when it came
up in that House.
I think it was the misfortune of the rules of the
House that they could not amend the Senate's
amendment. That would have presented the ques-
tion fairly; but their rules precluded that; and
now the only question is whether, to avoid the de-
feat of this bill, we are willing to allow the ques-
tion to be taken upon a tax of twenty cents agal-
lon on spirits on hand.
I ought to explain further that if the Senate
reject this proposition, the conferees on the part
of the Senate as a matter of course will be com-
pelled to adhere to the position of the Senate.
Then the only question will be, will the House of
Representatives recede from its disagreement, or
shall the bill be lost?
Mr. CONNESS. Permit me to ask 
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall be through in a
moment.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to ask a question right
at this point.
Mr. SHERMAN, I trust the Senator will not
interpose, but will allow me to conclude. If the
House of Representatives recede, as a matter of
course the bill will be passed precisely as it was
passed by the Senate; but if the House should
disagree, and should insist upon some amend-
ment to the Senate amendments, then the bill will
be lost. The effect of that the Senate will see.
The Government will lose all the revenue from
the enormous quantity of whisky that is now be-
ing manufactured every day, and before this sub-
ject can be brought up in a new bill, oras part of
the revenue bill now pending in the other House,
I may safely say that not less than two months
time will be consumed, and within these two
months the manufacturers of whisky can manu-
facture nut less than twenty million gallons, yes,
thirty million gallons. The effect of the long de-
lay growing out of this disagreement between the
two Houses has been to lose to the Government
more, I think, than will be derived from the tax
on spirits on hand.
Now my object is simply to get rid of the con-
troversy if we can. 1 think a tax of twenty cents
a gallon upon spirits on hand can be justified, but
I do not want to enter into that argument. I
think we had better acquiesce in it and advise the
tax. It makes it moderate on those who hold
spirits, and we want the money very much.
Mr. CONNESS. I desired to ask the Senator
from Ohio whether, if we refuse to give the in-
structions now proposed by him, it will not be
competent for the House of Representatives to re-
consider the instructions that they have given to
their committee, and then allow it to be a' com-
mittee of free conference again. I undei stand the
Senator to assent to that pi oposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly.
Mr. CONNESS. Then we are not presented
with the alternative alone of either giving the in-
structions in the shape the Senator proposes or
losing the entire bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will observe
that [ did riot say so. I said we present the al-
ternative of either losing t he bill or the House of
Representatives receding.
ilr. CUNNE3S. Receding from their instruc-
tions. I understand the Senator to state thatthe
bill would be lost unless the other House receded
from the former vote that they had taken—notthe
vote upon the instructions to the committee. But,
sir, I did not rise to find an inconsistency in the
Senator's statement, but to be able to show that
by appointing a third committee of frese confer-
ence, which 1 think is our proper eour&e, the al-
ternative will then be presented to the House of
Representatives to recede from the instructions
they have given to their committee and let there
again be a free conference between the committees
of both Houses.
I do not desire to discuss now the question of
the propriety of imposing a tax of twenty cents
a gallon upon the stock on hand, and yet I will
say that it is my deliberate conviction'that if we
authorize a tax of twenty cents upon the stock
on hand in the country, we shall so have to in-
crease our collectors and assessors throughout the
land that we shall excite and make an enemy of
every man in the country that has a barrel of
whisky on hand as to make it the most unprofit-
able effort to raise revenue that this Government
has ever engaged in. The matter has been very
fully considered by the FinanceCommitteeofthis
body, and I will say that when I went into the
room of that committee it appeared entirely just
to my mind to apply this tax to the stock on hand;
it seemed to me that no injustice could occur to
any party if on a given day an equal sum was
affixed as a tax on all the whisky in the country.
But after a full deliberation there, not founded
upon the testimony presented by interested par-
ties, as has been stated by the press—I trust I
shall be pardoned for alludingto that—but upon
a full and complete investigation, as patient, I
think, as ever was made, the committee were
nearly unanimous in the opinion that the Gov-
ernment would be a loser and not a gainer by
undertaking to impose a tax upon the whisky on
hand.
The, position of the Senate would have been
accorded to by the House of Representatives but
for a persistence there that I will not undertake to
speak of. I am now informed, however, by in-
telligent and able gentlemen of that body that in
their opinion the proposition of the Senate will
be acquiesced in if the question be submitted again
to that House. I hope, in view of the importance
of the question, that the Senate will not vote to
give the instructions presented and asked for by
the Senator from Ohio, but that we shall refuse
them and then proceed to appoint a third com-
mittee of free conference, and let the question go
to the House of Representatives as to whether
they will not recede from the position of instruct-
ing their committee. Though it may be legiti-
mate and parliamentary to instruct committees of
conference, it certainly is not the best course of
procedure, and 1 hope we shall not take it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Califor-
nia makes one remark which had weight with me
yesteiday. He says now what he has said be-
fore, that the House of Representatives would
recede from its disagreement; and for the pur-
pose of enabling that House to recede so that the
bill might be passed, I yesterday withdrew this
resolution of instructions, and the bill was sent
to the other House unembarrassed by any action
on the part of the Senate, in compliance with the
suggestion of the Senator from California and
other Senators. It was there taken up,and a mo-
tion was made by a colleague of mine that the
House should recede fiom its disagreement to our
amendments,and that proposition was negatived
by a vote of 53 yeas to 78 nays—a majority of
twenty-five against the House receding. Then
the question came up on agreeing to the instruc-
tions which have been read, and the vote was 76
yeas to 67 nays.
Mr. CONNESS. A difference of nine \otes.
Mr. SHERMAN. A difference of nine votes
on the second question.
Mr. CONNESS. On the instructions.
Mr. SHERMAN. But there was a majority
of twenty-five against receding, which in the pop-
ular branch is a very large majority. We have
no means; of knowing the action of the House of
Representatives except through its votes. A mem-
lu't of (hat House may say to Senators that the
Ilou^e will do so and so, but we con only judge
of the action of the Houso by its votes.
The question of a tax of twenty cents a gallon
upon spirits on hand has never been dr&easgeft iff
the Senate thoroughly. When the bil!was p&nd-' ,
ing, and was near its passage, the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr.DqoMTTLE] moved to recommit
it to the Committee on Finance, with instructions
to report a tax of twenty cents. Although ! Have
always been in'favor of pitting a moderate tax:
upon the whisky on hand—-twenty Merits %as
about what I considered just—I voted for the jao*
fion of the Senator from Wisconsin with some
doubt, because I did not wish the bill recommit-
ted to the Comfoittee on Finance with instruc-
tions; I preferred that it should go back to the
other House. But we have never considered the
question of the propriety of levying thistax, and
it has never been discussed in this body.
I will say now but one word in regard to this
tax. 1 agree with the Senator from California
that a tax on the spirits on hand \fcrould be unjust,
unless we proposed to raise the value of the arti-
cle on hand by our legislation. By oar proposed
legislation we add to the value of spirits on hand
forty cents agallon; so that the price of the arti-
cle on hand at the time this bill was introduced
has advanced forty cents a gallon. The questfofi
occurs to me, is it not right that the Government
by a s ystem of taxation should at least .share this
increased value conferred by ouractupon thisar-
ticle? I say there is no impropriety jn it. The
tax of forty cents-on spirits on hand was unjust,
because the cost of this article was very much
added to by our proposed legislation; but a tax
of twenty cents a<gallon on spirits on hand would
not be unjust, because it only divides with the
holder the profit that he derives from the act of
the Government.
In the argument the other day, when this sub-
ject was before the Senate, one Senator—I think
it was the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson]
—said it was unjust for the Government to levy
taxation on benefits conferred by itself. Why,
sir, wc do it always. Jn every act chartering a
railroad company we provide that certain special
benefits shall be deducted from the damages sus-
tained by the land owners. When we authorize
a railroad company to enter on the land of an in-
dividual and to take his land, we deny to that com-
pany the right to offset general benefits, the ben-
efits which were conferred only upon this citizen
like all others; butifspccial benefits are conferred
on the owner of the land, as by draining his swamp
or by locating a town upon it, or locating im-
provements upon it, we authorize that benefit to
be deducted from the injury. That is precisely
the nature and character of this tax. We by our
act confer upon the holders of this article an act-
ual cash value of forty cents a gallon. We pro-
pose, in the form of taxation, to take, to enable
us to carry on the operations of the Government,
one half of that increased value.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me
a word, to spare further discussion on this point?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I admit that there is justice
in the abstract proposition as now stated by the
Senator from Ohio;Jaut the fact is not as stated
by the Senator from Ohio. It is not true that
this commodity remains in the hands of a single
party or particular parties while the advance is
obtained; but, on the contrary, it is constantly
changing hands. It is constantly enhancing in
value under the prospect of additional taxes by
us, and it is simply impossible for the Govern-
ment to divide that profit with any holder. Each
subsequent holder, as is suggested to me by the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Da*is,] pays an
additional price. That is my reply to the Sena-
tor on that point.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me the answer
to that is obvious. The Senator says that people
buy and sell thiscommodity pending our legisla-
tion. If they buy they take all the risk of our
legislation. They have no right to assume be-
cause a bill is introduced in either House to im-
pose a tax of forty cents a gallon on spirits in the
future that that will become a law. They take
that risk; and I repeat that these persons dealing
in spirits will make large sums of money by our
proposed taxation. Some few of them may lose
the benefit of speculation; but, taking them as a
whole, they will make more money by our legis-
' lation than any other class of our citizens, be-
cause we have added to the value of their article
fully forty cents, and we only propose to take in
