1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2923
Mr. HOWARD. "Well, if the Senator from
Missouri desires to catechise me as to the mean-
ing of the word, 1 will take some opportunity
when I can have a comfortable consultation with
him about it. For the present I must pretermit
any further consideration of that part of the sub-
ject.
Now, sir, in regard to the subject in hand, this
bill as originally framed, and as it passed the
House of Representatives, authorizes the com-
manding general inkthe field or thecommanderof
the proper department to carry into execution all
sentences of military commissions as well as
courts-martial against guerrillas and in cases of
" robbery, arson, burglary, rape, assault with in-
tent to eommitrape, and for violation of the laws
and customs of war, as well as sentences against
spies, mutineers, deserters, and murderers." The
amendmentproposes to strikeout the words " and
for robbery, arson, burglary, rape, assault with
intent to commit rape, and for violation of the
laws and-customs of war;" so that in these cases
the sentences cannot be carried into execution
without resort to the President of the United
States. In all other cases enumerated in the
clause the sentences maybe put into execution
without resort to the President of the United
States.
I must confessthatlcannotseeany just and wise
ground for the distinction. The power of the
President to pardon crimes exists by the Consti-
tution, and lie may exercise that power in refer-
ence to any of these offenses or any other offenses
whether committed in civil life or in the military
or naval service of the United States; and hence
I do not see any very particular utility in this
amendment. The complaint is that a military
man may act hastily, unadvisedly; that a military
commission may act without due caution, with-
out due circumspection, and that the accused may,
be by improper haste hurried forward to a con-
viction, and even to an execution upon a convic-
tion. Undoubtedly there may be cases of that
sort. There are cases of that sort in the adminis-
tration of criminaljustice everywhere, in all coun-
tries, in all communities, and under evefry condi-
tion of the law. All of us who have had expe-
rience in the administration of justicc know that
cases do sometimes occur in which an innocent
man is convicted and punished for a crime which
he never committed; and it would be very strange
if cases of that soit did not happen to occur some-
times in the Army or Navy of the United States.
But the great object of the bill as it passed
the House of Representatives was to give some
weight, some significance, and some emphasis to
a solemn conviction of an accused party even
by a military commission. The object was to
enforce discipline in the Army, to preserve the
morality of the Army, and to prevent as well as
punish the commission of these heinous crimes
which are enumerated in this clause; and, for one,
sir, having thatgient object in view, the disci-
pline, and the morality, and the good conduct of
the soldiers themselves, I shall vote against con-
curring in this amendment of the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON. The bill itself, as it came
from the House of Representatives, if I compre-
hend it, applies as well to what are called the
loyal States as to the disloyal States 
ThePRESIDENTprofempore. The morning
hour having expired, the Chair must interrupt the
Senator to cnll up the special order of the day.
Mr. WILSON 1 hope the Senator from Maine
will consent to let that go over informally for a
few moments. I think we can pass this bill in a
very short time. It is a very important bill to
enable our generals to get along m these cases,
and as we have now got it up I hope we shall be
allowed ro finish it. If it consumes any great
length of time I will withdraw it.
Mr. FESSENDEN". The Senatorfrom Mary-
land proposes to discuss it, and I suppose that
will load to further discussion. When a debate
commences in this way it is very difficult to tell
where it will end.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the special order?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is the joint resolution
in regard to the duties on imports. I suppose
there will be a motion made to postpone it. In
that case I shall move to take up the fortification
hill, which itis very essential to dispose of to-day.
I think it will take no time.
Mr. WILSON. Do you object to this bill being
considered now?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would rather have it
deferred until I get through with my bills. If it
would give rise to no debate I should not object
to it, but it is very evident that it will, because
the Senator from Maryland proposes to debate it,
and very likely it will lead to other debate. I !
think I can get through with the fortification bill
in the course of an hour.
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
duties on imports.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint res-
olution (H. R. No, 81) amendatory of the joint
resolution to increase temporarily the duties on
imports, approved April 29, 1864, is now before
the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. In relation to that resolution
I will state that I have been requested to ask, in
behalf of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Hen-
derson,} who is quite sick and confined to ins
bed, that that resolution be permitted to go over
until to-morrow. He is quite ill, I understand,
but of a disease that is likely to terminate soon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The joint resolution is
in the hands of my colleague on the Committee
on Finance, the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man.]
Mr. JOHNSON. He told me it was in your
hands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I called it up a day or
two since and had it made the special order for
to-day; but if he thinks it proper to allow ittogo
over under the circumstances, I shall not object.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 can hardly resist this
appeal. The Senator from Missouri is absent,
and I know he is interested in the resolution as
affecting some of his constituents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I will move that
the resolution be postponed until to-morrow, with
a view to take up the fortification bill.
The motion was agreed to.
fortification bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, I move to proceed
to the consideration of House bill No."207, com-
monly known as the fortification bill. It will not
take long.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Maine em-
barrasses me very much by making the motion
that he does. He knows very well that there is
a bili which has been pending for along time on
which I certainly hope to get a vote to-day, the
bill to establish a Bureau of Freedmen. it has
been a long time on the Calendar, and it has
been one day under discussion. I am not aware
that any Senator proposes to discuss it at any
length. It is a measure of great practical interest.
Every day that it is delayed isaloss to the coun-
try and an embarrassment to a great public inter-
est. I do not feel that I ought to allow it to slip
out of view without at least entering a protest.
The appropriation bill, and particularly the one
which the Senator now has in charge, the forti-
fication bill, if I may so say, will take care of
itself. It will be sure to pass whenever the Sena-
tor really puts it on its passage. I would there-
fore suggest that the Senate proceed with this
important measure on which it has already com-
menced, and finish it and get it out of the way.
The motion of Mr. Fessenden was agreed to.
williaji roctrar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before pro-
ceeding with the reading of the bill, the Chair,
with the indulgence of the Senate, will lay before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 14th of April, information con-
cerning the papers in the case of William Yocum,
now confined m the penitentiary at Albany, New
York.
The Secretary read the communication.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that that communication
and the accompanying documents be printed for
the use of the Senate, and in connection with that
motion I will make a single remaik.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to print will go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir. I did not hear the
communication read veiy distinctly, but, if I un-
derstand it, it is not responsive to the material
point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I mustobject to any dis-
cussion. The fortification bill is properly before
the Senate, and I cannot give way for any dis-
cussion on this subject.
Mr. DAVIS. How did this matter come up?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
laid it before the body, with theindulgence of the
Senate.
Mr; DAVIS. I wonder, then, when it is laid be-
fore the Senate with the indulgence of the Senate,
if I have not the right to say a word upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think that opens
it to debate at all. It was merely presented to the
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator ought to
have objected to the reception of the communica-
tion. 1 do not wish to trespass upon the Senate,
nor to violate any rule of the body.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator will pardon me,
I think he is mistaken as to the character of the
paper. I think it is wholly responsive to the res-
olution.
Mr. DAVIS. I just ask leave to examine it.
I do not want to delay the business of the Senate.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The motion to
print will be referred to the Committee on Printing.
fortification bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 207)
making appropriations for the construction, pres-
ervation, and repairs of certain fortifications, and
other works of defense, for the year ending the
30th of June, 1865, which had been reported from
the Committee on Finanee with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was after
line twenty-seven, to strike out the following
clause:
For sea-wall of Great Brewster's island, $40,000.
For repair of sea-walls on Deerand on Lo veil's islands,
$10,000.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senate will not
strike out those provisions'. They have passed
the House of Representatives, and they are cer-
tainly very important. The works on those
islands in that harbor are going to ruin. The
very islands on which the Government has built
its works heretofore are going to pieces for want
of repairs, and I think it of vital importance that
those provisions should remain in the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I hold in my hand one of the
last official act3 of a very eminent public servant,
the late General Joseph G. Totten, being a letter
from him with reference to this very appropriation.
I have the official copy, which is signed in the
autograph of the Secretary of War, ''approved,
and appropriation recommended. Edwin M.
Stanton, Secretary of War." I will read it with
the permission of the Senate:
Engineer's Department,
Washington, March 16,186*1.
Sir: [ have the honor to return herewith the letter of
Hon A. II. Rice, of the 23d February, received here on the
8th instant, and to state in reply to his inquiries that the
Great Brewster island, Boston hatbor, has long been un-
dergoing nbratuon by the sea, to &uch a degree as to make
remedial measures a matter of pioinpt impoitanee.
Long Island head, Boton harbor, is undergoing stmilar
injuries; but tho necessity foi protection in that ease is not
*-0 uigontas in the other.
The detritus which is washed out by the lashing of storms
from the hilly shores of these islands iscanied by thecui-
len't into the channels? of the bay, and deposited in them to
their seuous mjurv.
Deer island and Lovoll's island have al*o been subject to
weanng by the sea; bat it h«v> been averted m theseeases
by protective sea-vvalN In the case of theGteat Brewster
like protection has been aifoidcd, but only to a part of the
extent necessary.
AltheGrcat Brewster, the unfinished work should be
recommenced, and completed as soon as practicable.
At Deer inland and LovHl5* island, the existing struc-
tures arc sufficient, but now need repair®.
At Long island head the work may be deferred till the
more urgent positions <uo secured.
For expenditure during the next fiscal year there should
be appiopuated.
For sea-wall of Great Brewster island, $40,000.
For repair of sea-walls on Deer and on JLovcirs islands,
$10 000.
Yeiy respcclfullv, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH (i TOTTEN,
Brigadier General and VhieJ Engineer.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
Those are the two appropriations that are here
° in question;
For sea wall of Great Brew-tei's Hand. 510,000.
For repair of bea-walls on Deer and on Lovell's inlands,
$10,000.
The Senate will bear in mind from tho tcsti-
I mony of this eminent officer that there is such ail
! abrasion by the sea as to make remedial meas-
