1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The words proposed to be stricken out were
read, as follows:
For providing obstructions to be moored in the Potomac
river to render the shore batteries more efficient for the pro-
tection of Washington against maritime attack, $300,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. In lines fifty-oneand fifty-two
there is $125,000 appropriated for the continuance
of the fortification at Sandy Hook. The last I
knew about it was that the fort at Sandy Hook
was about to depart, the channel was washing it
entirely away. I suppose that a fort is very de-
sirable there and ought to be built; but I should
like to know what the prospect is of keeping it
after we have got it erected. If the committee
have any intelligence on that subject to communi-
cate to the Senate I should like to hear it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I happen to live not very
remote from this spot; and being; somewhat famil-
iar with it, I am surprised to hear the Senator
from Iowa speak of the fort as being washed
away by the channel. This fort at Sandy Hook
is placed upon a point of a very long spit of land
that runs up between the Atlantic ocean and
Shrewsbury river, projects a great way toward
the harbor of New York, and the fort is con-
structed there for the purpose of preventing in-
gress by hostile vessels. It has also been con-
sidered necessary to have a fortification there,
much more for the safety of the commerce of
New York than for the safety or protection of
any portion of the State that I* in part represent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy.)
Did the Senator from Iowa move an amendment?
Mr. GRIMES. I askeda question for inform-
ation.
Mr. TEN EYCK. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, when the Senator from Iowa
made the inquiry, turned in my direction and
stated that as this was a New Jersey matter he
would leave it to me to answer. I do not know
how far I shall be successful, but I would simply
inform the Senator from Iowa that so far as his
information is concerned about the whole of this
spit of land being washed away, orthe fort being
washed away, I apprehend he is in great error.
I never heard of it, to begin with, and in the next
place it would be a most astounding fact indeed if
the War Department or those who have charge
of the lecommendation of such matters should
undertake to recommend an appropriation of
$125,000 toward continuing a public work on a
foundation that was being swallowed up in the
sea. It is a novelty to me. It may be all true,
but I have never heard of it before.
Mr. GRIMES. The astonishmententertained
by the Senator and myself is mutual. I am as-
tonished that he, living so near as he does to
Sandy Hook, has never heard that there was any
danger of this point b.emg washed away. lean
tell the Senator that in a conversation I had only
a few days ago with the very distinguished chief
of the Bureau of Navigation in the Navy Depart-
ment, he told me that he was one of a board that
had been sent b-y the War and Navy Depart-
ments to investigate this subject some months
after the estimates were made upon which this
bill is based, and that the great purpose the
board had to accomplish was to devise some way
to prevent the channel taking away this fort that
the Government had attempted to erect, and that
unless something was done the fort would be
lost. 1 supposed that that fact was notorious.
Certainly I had it from the very highest author-
ity. "What I wanted to know was whether after
this investigation, which I knew had been going
on by the coast survey officers, and the military
and naval officers, the committee were satisfied
that we should make this a pex-manent and sub-
stantial fort, ancL that there would be a propriety
therefore in making the appropriation incorpo-
rated into this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. What do the committee
say ?
Mr.GRIMES. Idonotknow. That is what
I am trying to find out. I only know that I saw
Admiral Davis just after his return, and he told
me that he had been there, and he was theio some
weeks. What the result was I did not inquire
particularly. I only know that he said there was
great danger of the spit being washed away.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have been in the habit
myself of stealing a very short period of time,
perhaps only a day, during the summer season,
to visit this portion of the coast. I am not able
to spend as much time as many other persons on
the sea-coast who enjoy the sea-breezes during
the larger portion of the summer;'but I some-
times run down for old association's sake and
spend a night and a day. I was in this neigh-
borhood only last year. I am aware that there
is an abrasion along the coast; the tide sweeps
strongly down from the north, and there is a
general abrasion along the whole of the sea-coast
there from Sandy Hook down to a considerable
distance below Long Branch; and I know that
for years past, ever since I was a boy, I have
heard about the danger of the coast being washed
away, and even of settlements being involved in
the destruction which was to flow from this cut-
ting away of the shore. I can say that after a
period of eight or ten years have elapsed a wagon
road which pleasure seekers had been m the habit
of enjoying along that high and dry bank has
been cut away; but it is very slow, the progress
is very gradual, and I apprehend that it is by no
means as alarming in its effects as seems to strike
those who are but mere casual observers. Sup-
pose, however, it should be so; here is the only
point of land jutting far out toward the harbor of
New York, near the main ship channel through
which the commerce of the world that finds its
mart in the city of New York has to pass; and
if it were true that this spit of land was in danger
of being carried away, so much the greater ne-
cessity for its protection in older that there may
be a fortification to guard all this commerce.
I have spoken in relation to this matter, more
because I am somewhat familiar with the nature
of the coast than because I feel any particular
interest as a Jerseyman that this fortification
should be continued, or that a large annual ex-
penditure should be made upon it; for so far as
we are concerned, it affects us not at all directly,
and only indirectly as we are interested in the
commerce of the country. The great city of New
York and the interests dependent upon commerce
there tluoughout the whole length and breadth
of the land are much more interested in it than
we can be in the State which I have the honorin
part to represent.
I have not of course had an opportunity of see-
ing any of the reports, and have not had that in-
timate relation with persons connected with the
public service to learn their views in relation to
this matter. Indeed, I never for one moment
supposed there would be any other course pur-
sued than that the ordinary appropriations for the
protection of this work from year to year would
be made, as they have been for many years past.
It is a very important point to the protection of
our commerce, and J for one feel disposed, unless
I see something further than has been advanced
on this floor, to vote for the continuation of the
appropriation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it to be very
proper to make this appropriation, even if the
facts be as the honorable Senator from Iowa sup-
poses. It is perfectly well knownthat this is re-
garded as a very important fortification. It has
been going on for a considerable number of years;
we have been making appropiiations for it. This
is the amount asked for as necessary to be ex-
pended during the coming year, and which, in
the opinion of the engineer department, ought
to be expended. It is a work in progress recog-
nized by the law. This biil merely makes an
appropriation to keep it m progress. If this new
information is obtained, and the Government be-
comes satisfied that it is not wise to spend any
more money on the woik, no doubt the amount
here appropriated will not be expended. No
such facts have been communicated to the com-
mittee of either House. We stand on the gen-
eral law, and propose an appropriation based on
an estimate made for a certain specific purpose
which we very well understand.
I take it, then, it is very proper to make the
appropriation. It mustundoubtedly be supposed
that if there has been any such change as issup-
| posed, men of ordinary intelligence will not spend
| this money. I take it there must be some mis-
I take about it, or if anything of thut sort is going
on, the money may be spent in protecting the
work as fur as it has gone; if that cannot be done,
the money will not be spent.
Mr. CONNESS. I move this amendment to
come in after line seventy:
Forland defensesat San Francisco, $177,000: Provided,
That no portion of the same shall be expended on other
fortifications now in progress there.
I present some communications which I send
to the desk to be read, and I invite the attention
of the Senate to them.
The Secretary read, as follows:
War Department,
Washington City, June 8, 1864.
Sir: The chief of engineers has reported to this De-
partment th'at an additional appropriation of $177,000 is
necessary for the land defenses of the harbor of San Fran-
cisco, California, and I have the honor to request that this
amount be included in the estimated appropriation for that
puipose. Please find inclosed copy of report of chief en-
gineer. *
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Hon. William P. Fessenden, United States Senate, Chair-
man Committee on Finance.
Engineer Department, May 30,1864.
The sum of $177,000 can with great propriety be appro-
priated to the defenses of San Fiaucisco on the Jand ap- "
proaches during the year ending 30th June, 1865, in addi-
tion to what is now included in the bill before the Senate.
The amount lor the harbor of Saa Francisco now in
Treasury is—
For Lime Point    $146,000
For Fort Point  182,000
For Alcatraz    80,000
Sum now proposed by the Military Committee,
For Fort Point   $50,000
For Alcatraz    90,000
  140,000
Will be available  548,000
Of tills we have to pay for land purchased at Lime
Point  125,000
Leaving $423,000
for the year's operations. Heretofore under favorable cir-
cumstances not exceeding $*600,000 has been advanta-
geously.expended, and no greater sum can by any judicious
arrangement be now expended. Hence $177,000 may be
advantageously applied, and is necessary for the land de-
fenses of San Francisco.
Respectfully submitted.
RICHARD DELAFIELD,
Brigadier General and Chief Engineer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thatcommunication was
before the Committee on Finance, and it seemed
to the committee that the statement there was
rather indefinite. We did not understand how
this money was to be expended exactly. The
argument, as far as we understood it, seemed to
be that $600,000 could be judiciously expended
within the year under favorable circumstances,
that nearly that sum was appropriated, but they
would have to take out $125,000 in order to pay
for land purchased at Lime Point, and that woulU
reduce the money available to about $423,000, and
consequently, to make up the $600,000, $177,000
rftore must necessarily be appropriated. I be-
lieve General Delafieid, who makes this commu-
nication, has but recently returned from the Pa-
cific coast. It seemed to the committee rather
indefinite, especially as it was not included in the
general estimates which were sent to the com-
mittee on the subject, and we therefore did not
conclude to make any change in the bill in this
respect. Since then, however, I have had a con-
versation personally with General Delafieid, and
he has informed me that what was meant by the
"land defenses" was the land defenses of these
other fortifications. It is necessary to have de-
fenses toward the land in order to prevent an en-
emy landing and taking the fortifications in the
rear. Then the argument presents itself to the
Senate whether in addition to the sum appropri-
ated in the bill, which was the amount estimated
for, to wit, $50,000 for Fort Point, and $90,000
for the fort on Alcatraz island, it is advisable to
appropriate $177,000 more in order to put in the
hands of the Department such a sum of money
as may be expended under favorable circum-
stances during the year. The committee could
not answer that question,and concluded to leave
it to the Senate. If I should be allowed to make
a suggestion to the Senator from California on
this point, I would suggest the propriety of not
asking for the appropriation of the whole of that
sum, but confining the proposition to a part of it
for the present year, say $50,000, in order to com-
mence these land defenses. I think that would
he more likely to carry in this branch and the
other than if he insists on the whole sum named.
The Senator, however, makes the motion on his
