1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
903
questions that were referred to that committee,
but not upon other questions. Can we in this
mode, through a committee of conference, bring
into this bill measures that we could not place in
it if the bill were directly before the Senate? Let
me ask Senators, if this bill were now in the Sen-
ate and we were considering it, could we now
propose and could the Senate by a vote put a tax
upon the article now in the market? Clearly not,
for the reason that we have declined to do that,
and the time for reconsideration has passed. We
cannot reach that question. It is beyond the reach
of the Senate, and clearly we cannot do it by in-
structions to the committee of conference.
But, sir, upon the question of right, I have
merely one or two suggestions to make. This
body ought certainly to treat with great respect
the opinion of the House of Representatives, and
go as far as possible to meet that House upon
important matters of legislation. If the Senate
agreed with the House upon the main feature of
the bill and differed in respect to some matters of
detail, we ought certainly to go a great way to
meet that body; but if the House asks us to tax
an article which we think ought not to be taxed,
and we cannot agree with the House in opinion,
and we say that that article ought not to be taxed,
and say it by a very emphatic vote, is it right for
the House to say to the Senate, " We will kill the
bill if you do not come to our proposition?" Is
it right for the House to say to the Senate, "We
will not allow a tax to be laid on that which is to
be manufactured hereafter unless you also con-
sent to tax that which is now in market?" Is
the Senate to be forced from its judgment by the
threat that the bill is to be lost? I am not will-
ing to agree to that. The Senate has said by a
very large vote—1 think by 29 to 14; two to one—
that we would not agree to tax spirits on hand
either twenty or forty cents. The House now
says to us, " We will not pass the bill unless
you come to our views."
But, sir, in respect to the right of the question,
ought the Senate to agree to tax the article now
in the market, the liquor that has already paid its
tax? To illustrate that point, I will call the at-
tention of the Senate to the last disagreement be-
tween the two Houses. It is to be found in the
seventh section of the bill. The Senate struck
these words out of the bill:
And that upon all such spirits imported prior to the pas-
sago of this act there shall be levied, collected, and paid an
additional tax of forty cents per gallon, to be collected un-
der the directioa and according to regulations to he estab-
lished by the Secretary of the Treasury.
The House refused to concur in the amendment
of the Senate striking that provision from the bill.
The House then insists that we shall impose a
tax of forty cents upon liquor that has passed the
custom-house and paid the duty in the custom-
house. Is the Senate prepared to agree to that
proposition ? Is the Senate prepared to agree to
it in respect to other matters of merchandise
coming through the custom-house? After the
importer has paid the duty at the custom-house,
does he not suppose that the article which he then
holds shall be sold free from all tax so far as the
Federal Government is concerned ? Has it ever
been heard of in this country that the Govern-
ment, after an article lias paid the duty provided
by law, has again taxed that same article? I
think no such instance can be referred to in the
history of the country. It would be astonishing
if such an instance could be found.
Mr. President, as an attorney I paid ten dollars,
I think last May, for the privilege of practicing
law for one year. The Government received the
money, and gave me a license and authority to prac-
tice for one year. Would this Congress now say
that I should not practice my profession for the
residue of the year unless 1 paid ten dollars addi-
tional ? The Senate would not entertain the prop-
osition for an hour; and why? Because I have
paid the Government what she asked for the privi-
lege. She has received the money, and said 1
might practice for the term of a year; and it
would be a breach of faith to change the law pend-
ing the enjoyment of that right.
The manufacturer of liquor pays his license
fee, and the Government says he may manufac-
ture liquor for that consideration for the coining
year. Could we change the law so as to require
liimattheend of six monthsjto pay twice as much
as the law when he paid his tax required him to
pay? Clearly not; and why? For the simple
reason that he has paid what the Government
demanded. She has received his money, and said
for that he should exercise this privilege for the
coming year.
Mr. COWAN. TheSenator will allow me to
ask him whether, if the additional imposition of
ten dollars on attorneys raised the price of fees,
it would not be fair that they should divide with
the Government ? That is the argument of the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not suppose that
that consideration would govern the conscience or
the judgment of the Senate. I expect, if the at-
torneys of the country were taxed an additional
ten dollars, in some way or another some unfor-
tunate client would feel the weight of that addi-
tional charge. [Laughter.] I do not doubt that.
But the question is one of right. If we would
not do it in respect to a question of that sort, how
is it that we shall tax an article after it is manu-
factured, when the Government agreed that for
manufacturing it the party should pay so much.
I say it is a breach of the faith of the Government.
We have said to the men who are engaged in this
business, "If you pay your license fee, and in ad-
dition to that when you manufacture the whisky,
you pay a tax of twenty cents a gallon upon it,
you shall be at quits so far as the Government is
■concerned; you may go into the market and sell
your liquor for what you can get." That is what
the Government has said. And now, after it is
manufactured, while it is still in their hands, after
they have paid this tax of twenty cents, is it good
faith on the part of the Government to require
them to pay an additional twenty cents? I say
it is not. It is a breach of faith; and in these times
especially, the Government ought to be very care-
ful to maintain good faith. When we hear rum-
blings of repudiation, we cannot very well afford
now, if ever a nalion could afford, to violate its
faith. We ought to stand upon what we have
agreed to. We have agreed that these people
might manufacture and sell liquor and pay a li-
cense fee and a tax of twenty cents on thegallon.
Some gentlemen argue this question as though
this article of commerce were altogether in the
hands of speculators. I do not know that that
would make any difference on the question of
right if it were so; but that is not so. A very
large producer of whisky in an important point
in the State of Illinois, Peoria, was talking to me
yesterday on this subject. He manufactures very
largely. His enterprise has secured to the Gov-
ernment during the past year a very large reve-
nue. He told me that he had about eight thousand
barrels on hand, upon which he has paid his tax.
If this bill should pass, he would be required at
once to pay twenty cents per gallon more upon
that liquor, which would require him to pay about
eighty-nine thousand dollars more, and that, too,
before he can sell. lie would have to go into the
market and borrow money, anticipate his sales,
to pay this tax to the Government, although he
has already paid for the privilege of producing it
what the Government had fixed by law.
I say then, sir, that this would be a very great
act of injustice toward the men who have paid
this tax, and it would not pay the Government
any amount of revenue for the loss she would
sustain by the breach of her faith.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I do not
intend to go into the discussion of the question of
the propriety ofimposingthistaxupon theliquors
on hand in anything that I may say now on the
pending question before the Senate. I desire to
refer very briefly to some considerations that have
been thrown out by the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. President, these revenue bills by the Con-
stitution are required to originate in the House
of Representatives. Why? Because the Repre-
sentatives in Congress in that House are nearer'
the people than the representatives of the States
in this body. So jealous weie the men who made
the Constitution of the exercise of this power of
taxation over the people that by the Constitution
it is required thatthese billsshalloriginate in that
House; that the subject of taxation shall come from
the body nearest the people, and that the men who
impose the tax shall be more directly responsible
to the people. Therefore, I say it is the duty of
this bod y, while the y are not to forego their convic-
tions of the propriety of certain measures and may
freely discuss them and act upon them, at least
to pay great deference to the opinion of the Ho.-se
of Representatives on this subject of what articles
shall be subjected to taxation.
Now, sir, let us look at this case just as it
stands. A bill came here from the House,of Rep-
resentatives imposing a tax of forty cents a gal-
lon upon liquor on hand. The Senate, after dis-
cussion, refused to concur in that provision of the
bill, and struck it out. It went back to the House
of Representatives, which body agreed to that
amendment; but I will assume they must have
been taken by surprise, for their vote, both before
and since, demonstrates that it is the clear judg-
ment of a majority of that House that a tax should
be imposed upon this liquor on hand. Such being
thedeliberately expressed judgment of that House,
the question now is whether, because by the forms
of legislation technically, they concurred in the
amendment of the Senate striking out this pro-
vision of the bill, we shall insist upon the tech-
nical advantage in the form of legislation, and
thereby refuse to confer with the House on this
question.
Mr. COWAN. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him this question ? As I understand it, having
been in the body at the time it was passed, the
Senate sent the bill back to the House with an
amendment, and the House concurred in the
amendment. Then there is no disagreement upon
this point. If there be any disagreement between
the two Houses, wherein or where does this dis-
agreement arise from ? Who makes it?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend is
placing himself on what I stated to be the position
of himself and his friends here. He takes the
technical ground that because the House by a vote
concurred in the proposition of the Senate, al-
though both before and after the House declared
against it, we should refuse to go into a confer-
ence with them. That is the substance of it. I
believe it is but paying a proper respect to the
House for us to say we are willing to confer with
it, assuming that the House is still insisting upon
the propriety of levying a tax upon the liquor on
hand; and that it is not dignified in us to insist
upon this technical objection when the House by
its subsequent vote, and the instruction it has
given its committee of conference, has declared
that it is in favor of still insisting upon imposing
some kind of tax on the liquor on hand. Why
not go into a conference with the House on the
question ?
Jt may be that the form of these instructions to
compel our committee to agree with them isgoing
further than there is any necessity for. 1 am not
speaking of the forms of our instruction; but I
want the Senate to go into a conference with the
House on the ground that the House is still in
substance insisting upon the right to impose this
tax upon liquors on band. I do not know that it
is necessary that our committee on the part of the
Senate should be instructed on the subject any
further than to go into a conference with the House
on the understanding that the House are still in-
sisting on the right to tax this liquor on hand.
Then the question will come up, and the bill will
not be lost through any technicality, nor will any
technical advantages be taken of the House by
the Senate.
Mr. COWAN. The proper way would be for
Lhe House to reconsider its vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps the motion was
not made at the proper time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I merely wish to say that
the question suggested by my honorable friend
from Wisconsin is not the question before the
Senate. He says that he is willing to waive the
technical objection. Well, sir, if that is all that
is requested, the House should have sent us this
committee with permission to insert in the bill a
tax of twenty cents, and not an instruction to do
it. If we appoint a committee with permission
to do it, the committee of the House being in-
structed to do it, the Senate is at a disadvantage,
because the committee on the part of the House
is not at liberty to act contrary to its instructions,
while our committee is at liberty to act as it
pleases. Therefore we do not stand in the same
light. If they had sent us simply their commit-
tee with permission on the part of the House to
insert this tax of twenty cents, the question would
address itself fairly to the Senate whether Lhe Sen-
ate would give the same permission to their com-
mittee.
