2926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
own responsibility, and I shall not interfere with
him in any way.
Mr. CONNESS. It can hardly be said that I
make this motion on my own responsibility, -it
is,in accordance with a communication from the
proper Department. I certain!^ have no desire to
make any motion here for the purpose of its being
reported that 1 desire appropriations for my own
State. If the condition of the fortifications in the
harbor of San Francisco as well as the topogra-
phy of the country there were understood, 1 do
-not think the Senate would hesitate to^make this
appropriation, ltdoes not follow that'the money
will be expended within the next year, although
it may be the wisest expenditure of public money
that could possibly be made. There are Sena-
tors here who are familiarly acquainted with the
location of the ground and the position of that
city. The fortifications thus far carried out there
relate entirely to the protection of the water ap-
proaches of the city, the Golden Gate and the
harbor, commanding the city of San Francisco
and the entrance to it. Those fortifications con-
sist of the fortress known as Fort Point, in a for-
ward state of progression, and the great fort on
Alcatraz island in the harbor, and two batteries
now being constructed on the north side of the
harbor at a place called Angel island, and still
another water battery at a point on the souih side
of the channel and nearer to the city of San Fran-
v cisco,and known as Black Point or San Jose Point.
The two latter of which I have spoken are now
in progress of construction, and the former are in
an advanced state of progress.
I invite the attention of Senators for one mo-
ment while I give them the location of the forti-
fications contemplated by this appropriation rec-
ommended by the Department. They are a part
of the necessary defenses of San Fiancisco against
foreign invasion; and it will be remembered that
San Francisco, so far as the military question is
concerned, is really the State of California. It
contains now all the war material that the Gov-
ernment has on the Pacific slope; there js a very
large number of heavy guns there not in position;
and the possession of San Franc.isco by a foreign
Power would not only be the possession of the for-
tifications now erected for the defense of the har-
bor, but the possession of the entire State. Back
of the city,as the honorable member from Mary-
land will remember, lying to the south of the ciiy
of San Francisco and away from these harbor de-
fenses, is a range of very high hills near what is
known as Bu ri-buri ranch,and nearer the ci ty Rus-
sian hill. The contemplated earthworks on these
points forma part of the scheme of defense of that
great city. Without these defenses there is noth-
ing to hinder a comparatively small army well
appointed from landing at Monterey and march-
ing directly on the rear of all these fortifications.
They really would fall into the hands of what-
ever army was able to land there.
In this connection I will suggest that the Gov-
ernment have recently sent a major general of some
considerable distinction to the Pacific coast, with
an espccial view to what may lie in the future
for us. I am not telling secrets when I state that
I have had something to do with advising in the
matter and I know what is contemplated. The
Government contemplate no aggression against
any foreign Power, but they do contemplate put-
ting the State of California and the Pacific slope
in a state of military defense so as to bo prepared
against aggression; and this slightappropnation
if you will grant it will undoubtedly be expended
wisely, and 1 trust the Senate will consent to make
it although itcomes m rather late. The reason of
its coming in at this time is that the matter has
been delayed on account of the delay in the selec-
tion of a commander for the Pacific department.
It was contemplated to appoint a commander of
distinction six monthsago. The Government had
great difficulty in fixing upon whom to select, be-
cause most of our men of ability are engaged in
the field. As soon as General McDowell was
designated to the military command he and Gen-
eral Delafield, the chief of your engineer depnrt-
ment, conferred on this subject, and the War De-
partment, cooperating, recommend this as a neces-
sary part of the defenses of San Francisco. I do
not ask for the appropriation that money may be
expended in the State of California, but I believe
conscientiously and truly that no better appro-
priation of money can be made. I believe that
within a year it may be needed and it may save
that country to us. I need hardly suggest to the
Senate that without California we should be in
rather a bad condition. Under all circumstances
we must make sure of the protection of that coun-
try. The preservation of peace and the preser-
vation of their industry is of great value to us. I
have nothing further to say to the Senate. I ask
for a vote on the subject.
Mr. NESMITH. I have some familiarity
with the points stated by the Senator from Cali-
fornia, and it has always struck me when I have
been there that the fortifications at present con-
structed for the defense of the entrance at the
Golden Gate were perfectly worthless unless some
means were resorted to to construct defenses south
of them so as to prevent their being taken in re-
verse. As the Senator from California has stated,
there is no difficulty in an enemy landing atMon-
terey and marching up the coast; nor is there in
ordinarily fair weather any difficulty in their
landing immediately in the rear of San Fran-
cisco, San Francisco being a jut of land running
up northward. They would'have theadvantage
of a higher position and would have no difficulty
in capturing those woiks. They are not calcu-
lated for any defense in the rear. Their defens-
ive points are all toward the entrance of the
bay, and unless some works are constructed in
the rear of Fort Point to prevent it being taken
in reverse, the works already constructed would,
I think, be perfectly useless in the event of a
foreign war. They would afford no protection
to the city from a force landing at that point to
which I have ahuded down toward the south,
where an army could land at any time when the
weather was reasonably fair. In view of the
possible contingencies of foreign war, I do not
think a better investment could be made than to
make this appropriation for the protection of that
great city and the works already constructed there.
Mr. JOHNSON. I concur in the view just
stated by the Senator from Oregon and the Sen-
ator from California. My recollection is, though
1 may be mistaken, that the onginal plan for the
defense of San Francisco contemplated forts in
the rear of what is now called Fort Point. Fort
Point is immediately upon the shore, on the
water's edge, and it does nothing to protect against
an army that may land in the rear of it. The
ground in the rear is quite high, and absolutely
commands the fort.
In the event of a conflictbetween ourselves and
any foreign nation, such as England or France,
although those events, 1 hope, are not to occur,
at any rate for a long series of years—and yet in
these changing times they may occur at any mo-
ment, and, if they should occur before the com-
manding pointsin the rear ofthe fort shall be them-
selves taken possession of and fortified, the fort,
so far from being of any servicc, will be worse
than useless, for the moment it is commanded by
an enemy in the rear it will be almost impossible
to hold'it, and in a short time it will fall into the
hands of the enemy; and if it should, then our
own fleet, if we should have any, would find it
very difficult to get into the bay of San Francisco,
and we should have no outlet to the ocean from
there.
The Senate are not to be told that San Fran-
cisco js very vulnerable to sea attacks; and even
as against a naval attack it is very possible that
it would be an easy thing with the iron-clad ves-
sels that England and France are now building
to run past these forts and get into the harbor.
But there are other forts inside of the harbor. Fort
Alcatraz, for which there is an appropriation of
$90,000 in this bill, would go a great way to pro-
tect the city as against any attack by water, but
then that would not protect the city at all as
against a land attack.
It is not necessary to say, we all know, that
independent of all questions of honor, which are
questions to be looked at by statesmen, it is nil-
important to the prosperity of the United States
that California should be preserved intact. We
have as much interest in protecting San Francisco
as we have in protecting New York, or Philadel-
phia, or Baltimore, or any city upon the sea-coast;
and if an appropriation of $177,000 will serve to
put it in a state of comparative safety, I would
suggest to the Senate from my knowledge of the
locality that it should be a measure about which
the Senate should entertain ho possible doubt.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed; and, on motion
of Mr. Fesse>jden, its title was amended by add-
ing the words " and for other purposes.M
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the bill
ofthe Senate (No% 106) to prohibit certain sales
of gold and foreign exchange, with an amendment,
in which it requested the concurrence ofthe Sen-
ate.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (No. 512) to
repeal the fugitive slave act of 1850, and all acts and
parts of acts for the rendition of fugitive slaves; in
which it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
PAY OF COLORED TROOPS.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill ofthe Senate (No. 145) to
equalize the pay of soldiers in the United States
Army, disagreed toby the House.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Resolved, That the Seriate insist upon its amendments to
the amendment of the Hou?-e of Repiehentatives to the said
bill disagreed To hy the House, and agree to the conference
asked by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part ofthe Senate be
appointed by the President pro tempore.
LAND CLAIMS OF WISCONSIN.
Mr. HOWE. 1 move to take up for consider-
ation the joint resolution (S. No. 8) for the relief
of the Slate of Wisconsin.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will now
proceed with tfTfc bill to establish a Bureau of
Freedmen. I hope to be allowed to finish that
bill to-day.
Mr. HOWE. I only want to stand by the con-
tract. I have a contract with the Senator from
Massachusetts that this joint resolution shall be
disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator think I am
bound ?
Mr. HOWE. I believe it is fairly understood.
It was not reduced to writing, and may not be
within the statute of frauds.
Mr. SUMNER. The statute of frauds cer-
tainly would not bear on it; but the practical
question is whether the understanding between
us the other day is applicable to the present time'.
If the Senator thinks it is, I shall yield entirely
to what he says.
Mr. HOWE. I should not say thatby its ex-
press terms it was applicable to this day; but I
hope the Senator will let it stand. I think we
can dispose of this joint resolution in a very short
time, and I want to get it to the other House as
soon as I can.
Mr. SUMNER. Has the Senator any idea of
how long it will take ?
Mr. HOWE. Inhink it will take but a very
short time. VI think the debate is pretty much
closed.
Mr. SUMNER. I am desirous of having a
vote on the Freedmen's Bureau bill; and I think,
if the Senator will allow us to go on with that
bill, we can reach a vote very soon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think this joint resolu-
tion will require but a very short time. I wish
to make a very brief explanation to the Senate,
and I suppose that will close the debate.
Mr. SUMNER. I give way with the under-
standing that I shall come next..
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senatorfrom Wisconsin.
| The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
. sumed the consideration of the joint resolution
j (S. No. 8) for the relief of the S'tate of Wiscon-
sin , the pending question beitig on the amend ment
offered by Mr. Harlan to the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, to strike out the
following words:
And the &anl Seeretafy^hall al-o settle and allow to the
Milwaukee and Rock River Canal Company such Mini's of
money a«> have been properly expended by said company
in the survey ?tml location of said can.ii, in the consuue-
| tion'theicof a* far a- the same ha* been constinctcd. to-
