1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
eru States, the establishment of ft branch mint in that re-
gion., for the coinage of gold, would be in accordancc with
the policy of past legislation in similar cases, and no more
than just. Having but little in formation in relation to the
different commercial points in the same, [ am not able to
say whether the city of Denver is tfie most advantageous
point, ail things being considered, for locating the proposed
branch mint."
It would seem that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance has seen some new light which
has caused him to turn a sharp corner. He must
hare been convinced by the "disintegrating"
argument of Pollock, that the establishment of
branch mintsis likely to destroy the Government!
I can see no other reason for this change. I think
he was right then, and I think he is wrong now.
He perhaps thinks that he is right now; but if he
is, if he has come to that conclusion, he must ad-
mit that he was wrong then.
One objection which Mr. Pollock brings against
the establishment of this branch mint is the cost
of transporting acids, and especially nitric acid,
which is necessary to the separation of the gold
from the silver. That question did not occur to
Mr. Pollock two years ago when he was in favor
of establishing a branch mint at Denver, when it
was known that the cost of transporting any ma-
terial from New York to Denver amounted to $100
a ton. The cost of transporting articles from New
York to Portland, on the Pacific coast, amounts
to twenty-five dollars a ton. We have therefore
seventy-five dollars per ton in favor of the latter
place, which he now opposes, as against the place
he was then in favor of. But in fact the cost of
the transportation of the acids necessary for the
separation of this bullion is nota question in issue.
The fact is that the nitric acid, the most expensive
article, and that which is most used in the sepa-
ration of gold and silver, is made in San Francisco
and used there.
Mr. COLLAMER. Allow me to ask the gen-
tleman a single question, i wantto know whether
ail the purposes of which he speaks will not be
answered by an assay office?
Mr. NESMITH. They will not. I propose
to come to that presently, i say nowthat the cost
of transportation of acids is not a question of de-
bate in the consideration of this subject, the acids
being made in California. The component parts
of the nitric acid being brought from Mexico and
manufactured in San Francisco, there can be but
little additional cost; and I apprehend that if a
mint be established in Oregon as in San Francisco,
and a demand created there for the article, it will
be produced there. That disposes of the entire
argument as to the costs of acids.
A word in relation to the question of the differ-
ence between an assay office and a mint. The
people of our country have been subjected to
great inconvenience for the want of coin as a cir-
culating medium. As I explained the other day,
the law which you passed making greenbacks
the currency of the country a"nd a legal tender
does not apply there. No man receives them or
pays them out as money, unless he does so un-
der the judgment of a court, and but few resort
to them even in that extremity. Your paper is
regarded there as a merchantable ^mmodity,
bought and sold for its value m coin m the mar-
ket. The theory prevails on this side of the con-
tinent, 1 know, that gold fluctuates; that it goes
down to 150 to-day and goes up to 190 to-mor-
row; the gold dollar that is worth 150 to-day
enriches its owner to-morrow by being worth 190.
But on our coast,perhaps from ignorance or stu-
pidity, or from the want of a proper appreciation
of these fine questions of finance which seem to
be understood so well by some gentlemen here,
we have taken a different view. We regard the
gold dollar as the standard of value without ref-
erence to what the greenbacks or the paper of the
Government may be worth. Some days the pa-
per dollar with us is worth seventy or eighty
cents, other days fifty or sixty cents. The value
of the gold dollar there is never affected; the fluc-
tuation is in your paper money. Paper money
not being the currency of that country, we are
compelled to have some sort of circulating me-
dium for theaceommodation of the people. Here-
tofore, foreign countries have taken advantage of
our extremity,and have sent m from Mexico and
Central and South America, and Fiance and Eng-
land, coins which have been disposed of in the
purchase of gold dustand bullion at an enhanced
value, and then have become our circulating me-
dium at an appreciation causing a loss to us. For
instance, a Bolivian dollar, which is worth about
ninety-six cents, we are compelled to take for a
dollar; a French five-franc piece, which is worth
ninety-four or ninety-five cents, is in the same
position; the Peruvian, Mexican, or Central
American doubloon, which is intrinsically worth
only about $15 50 or $15 60, is always imposed
on us at the full value of an ounce, $16; and so
with all the other currency. We therefore suffer
a depreciation of ten or fifteen per cent, generally
in the use of foreign coins when we are com-
pelled to convert them into funds which can be
used upon this side. The consequence has been
that we have either been driven to that extremity
or every man has been compelled to go about as
I have seen men with a pair of scales and small
weights in his pocket to weigh put the money
necessary for the business transactions between
neighbor and neighbor, and this, too, being done
all the time when we have the extensive minting
facilities which Mr. Pollock applauds so at Phil-
adelphia. It is true the money might be coined
there; but for all practical purposes, so far as we
are concerned, the Mint might as well be in the
moon: we derive no practical benefit from it.
The Senator from Vermont asks me to what
extent these troubles would be removed by an as-
say office. In reply I will say to the Senator that
we already have assay offices there; and we look
upon an assay office from this Government as no
great boon. Any man who has money enough
to buy a wagon load of coal and a bettle of nitric
acid can set up an assay office, and charge for as-
saying our bullion, and ascertaining the exact
value of it, and he charges no more than the Gov-
ernment does undersimilar circumstances. The
money is run into immense bars or. ingots, each
as big as a brick; they cannot be used for circu-
lation; they are no part of the circulating medium
of the country; they become a commodity of com-
merce, and are bought and sold. We are com-
pelled to part with them at a sacrifice of twenty
per cent, if they are sent to Philadelphia, or fif-
teen per cent, if sent to San Francisco, in order
to have them converted into coin. They are not
the circulating medium of the country; we make
this sacrifice in order to transfer them into some-
thing that we can make the circulating medium.
We make no objection to submitting to any
additional expense in oider to have our dust or
bullion converted into that which can be used as
a circulating medium; and the reports of Mr.
Pollock and the history of the Mint show that
the Government is in the habit of making that
charge. To that we make no demurrer. We are
willing to be taxed to any extent, and we are willing
to pay every dollar of additional expense in order
to have our dust converted into coin, rather than be
compelled to circulate the dust or the bullion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will ask the gentleman
what is the cost of carrying it to San Francisco
and having it coined there?
Mr. NESMITH. The freight and insurance
will cost about five percent. 1 have paid as high
as six. My colleague who was home last sum-
mer tells me that the express charges independent
of insurance were two and a half percent. The
voyage to San Francisco is a long and dangerous
one. It is more than a thousand miles by water
over a dangerous bar at the mouth of the Colum-
bia river, and the cost of having the gold taken
down and returned by that route, including the !
detention at San Francisco, amounts, as a usual
thing, to from ten to fifteen percent. Supposing
the production, as was estimated last year by men
who were conversant with all the facts, to be
§15,000,000, you can estimate what amount we are
taxed for transportation and coinage.
We have nothing to say about the mint at San
Francisco. Whether you enlarge or diminish it
it does not affect us either one way or the other.
What we ask of Congress is to relieve us from
this immense tax. In place ofan assay office give
us a branch mint, where we are willing and able
to have ourgold converted into coin. The neces-
sary increase which is demanded by the Commit-
tee on Finance—an appropriation of $300,000— i
for the enlargement of the branch mint at San j
Francisco grows precisely out of this fact, and
this is the condition of affairs: the gold is sent
there in such superabundance from Oregon, and
Idaho, and Washington Territory that they are
unable to com it, and therefore they demand
greater facilities than they have at present. We
have nothing to say in relation to that. We
neither demand that you shall give it or withhold
it; but we do demand*that you shall give us what
we think we are justly entitled to.
As the distinguished Senator from Massachu-
setts very well remarked, there is a great deal of
mystery and humbug about this question of a
mint. Everybody who undertakes to talk about
it seems to surround it with some mysterious and
incomprehensible dignity. As I stated the other
day, it is nothing but a mere workshop or factory
where an article produced by a certain portion of
the people is worked up for the convenience of
the people themselves. As a proof of the absurd-
ity of the theory which Mr. Pollock urges that
there are ample minting facilities at the Mint in
Philadelphia and the mint in San Francisco, I
merely refer to the history of the last year.
It proves another thing. It overturns com-
pletely his argument that gold will seek that point
for coinage where it can be coined the cheapest.
That is not true. It is coined about nine cents per
ounce cheaper at Philadelphia than it is at San
Francisco. If the argument of Mr. Pollock is
correct why did not the entire gold production of
that region last year go to Philadelphia, where it
could be coined nine cents per ounce cheaper than
it could be in San Francisco? The fact was that
the increased cost of transportation was more than
nine cents per ounce. It was some forty or fifty
cents an ounce; and therefore the gold did not go
to Philadelphia. I apprehend that in a few years,
if the country is accommodated as it should be
with mints, no gold will go there, and there will
be a necessity for removing the Mint from that
point to some other point more convenient where
gold is produced.
Other countries, as has been suggested by the
Senator fiom Massachusetts, have not been bound
up by the policy which has been indicated by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance; neither
has our own country hitherto. We had three or
four branch mints established at different points.
The Senator from Massachusetts states that there
aresomefiveorsix in France. With the history of
that I am not familiar, but I know he is. I know
that in Mexico this coinage is deprived of that
mysterious dignity which Pollock throwsaiound
it, and it is let out by contract, and men bid so
much for making the money. Individuals do it,
in place of, as in our case, the Government doing
it. Itis thrown open to free and fair competition,
and the men who obtain the contract deduct the
amount of their compensation from the bullion
which is deposited in their hands for the purpose
of coinage. They pay themselves, the Govern-
ment granting the permit; and I apprehend it is
so in all countries; or at least 1 apprehend the
policy which proposes to contract our coinage fa-
cilities to one particular point does not prevail
anywhere else.
It is true that the Mint in Philadelphia with an
immense establishment may be able to coin a!*i
the bullion of the country. I suppose it is. 1
might answer that by saying that the saw-mills
in Maine are capable of sawing ali the saw-logs
we can produce m Oregon; but it does not neces-
sarily followthat we had better take our saw-logs
from Oregon to Maine and have them sawed into
lumber there and then take the lumber back to
Oregon. I should think the better way would be
to build mills among ourselves.
So I may say of the codfish which abound on
the native coasts of the Senator from Maine. Be-
cause, perhaps, they have not land enough in
Maine to dry them on when they are caught,
would it be wise in them to undertake to send
them to Oregon, where we have expansive prairies
on which they might be spread out? 1 appre-
hend it would be cheaper and better for them to
purchase land in Maine or extend their facilities
in some way and do the business where the article
itself is produced.
Mr. FESSEJNDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. NESMITH. Certainly, with great pleas-
ure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
how much of the gold found in the region the
Senator represents remains there necessarily for
use? Whatamount of it is retained there forthe
ordinary use of the people who are carrying on
business there?
