1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
905
suppose that instead of conferring an increased
value of forty cents a gallon, which we compel
the holder to pay, we only conferred an increased
value of thirty cents per gallon. A loss of ten
cents a gallon upon whisky, if a man has any
considerable quantity of it, would ruin anybody.
Gentlemen who insist upon this theory should
also provide in it that if the Government did not
confer an increased value equal to the amount of
the tax, they should compensate in some way,
return the money, or perhaps a system of draw-
backs would effectuate it.
But,sir,theoriginal proposition itself is absurd,
iniquitous, unjust, unfair, and unequal from be-
ginning to end. When was it ever proposed to
take the property of one man and tax it and ex-
empt the property of another man, his next door
neighbor? Not, I think, in the history of the civ-
ilized world. That is the objection to this meas-
ure. That is the place where the difficulty arises,
and that is the stumbling-block which hes in the
way of all measures of this kind. A invests his
money in whisky; B invests his money in flour;
C invests in cotton, if you please; and D invests
in tobacco. Now, you select one of these com-
modities and impose an enormous tax upon it.
What reason is given for this? It is no answer
to say it is whisky; because in the eye of the law
whisky is quite as lawful a commodity as tobacco,
cotton, flour,or bread, if you please. Whatever
may be the opinions with regard to it in a moral
and religious sense, in the eye of the law it is as
lawful to deal in the one commodity as in the
other.
Then it resolves down simply to the question,
whether you can select a certain number of people
and a certain kind of property, and out of that
property levy enormous taxes. The salvo pro-
posed, the apology offered is, that we confer an
additional value upon it. The holder says, "That
may be, or it may not be; but my fottune is not
to be hazarded by these experiments of yours in
thatway, especially when my next door neigh-
bor is not subjected to the same risks. I have no
right to run this hazard without having the same
hazard imposed upon all my neighbors." Then,
as I said a moment ago, suppose that this factas-
sumed here and made the basis of the argument,
should not turn out to be a fact at all; then ruin
ensues inevitably.
Mr. President, I am not prepared to say what
would be the result of the practical operation of
a bill of this kind. In my own judgment it would
be utterly impracticable. I suppose no free people
would submit to it for a moment. I suppose that
the common sense of all civilized people would at
once detect its injustice and its enormity, if i may
use the phrase, and I think I may properly.
It so happens, however, in legislation of this
kind, that it opens the door to speculations. It is
utterly impossible to prevent that. No human
foresight or wisdom can prevent it. When it is
proposed to tax an article everybody knows that
the tax, if imposed, will make the commodity rise,
and therefore men eager for gain—and I do not
know that that is a crime or an offense—invest
their money in it. The object of this proposed
measuie js to endeavor to punish that class of
men. When we proposed an additional tax of
forty cents on whisky, whisky rose, because
everybody wanted to have it, and everybody
wanted to buy it, and a gieat many people did
buy it. Now, the allegation is thatthat was wrong,
wicked, a speculation, and that we must do this
extraordinary thing in order to correct that evil.
Sir, the attempt would be as vain as the proced-
ure would be unjust.
This kind of speculation will occur, and occur
always under like circumstances. It is as per-
fectly fair and as legitimate as it would be, when
we were about to impose an additional tariff, for
the holders of imported goods to retain them in
their possession until that additional duty was
levied so that they could get the additional profit.
This is a perfectly analogous case. We impose
a tariff, if you please, of a dollar upon a specific
article; say a hat for the sake of illustration. A
large number of hats are imported, and a lnr«;e
number of hats are on hand; and then it is in fur-
ther contemplation of the legislature to levy an
additional tax of adollar on hats. Has any Go\ - i
ernment, levying an additional dollar upon im- j
ported hats, over undertaken to go ni« und and !
levy also an additional dulku on the hut.* on hand? i
Certainly not; because the hats on hand have
fallen into the general mass of property in posses-
sion, and if it is to be taxed, the taxation ought
to be uniform arid equal, falling on all alike, and
in no other way can it be justly levied.
The PBESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question is on agreeing to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Cali-
fornia to the resolution offered by the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. RAMSEY. What is the amendment? I
should like to hear it read.
The P.RESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is to strike out all 6T the resolution of the
Senator from Ohio after the word •' resolved,"
and to insert:
That the Senate disagree to tlie resolution of the House
of Representatives of yesterday's date, proposing instruc-
tions to tlie conferees, and ask another free conference on
tlie disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the biil of the
House No. 112, to increase tlie internal revenue, and for
other purposes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before the vote is taken
on thatarnendment, I wish to move an amend-
ment to it, by adding at the end the following
words:
And upon the disagreeing votes upon the resolution of
instiuetion oftlie House in relation to said bill.
That will enable them to confer upon the whole
subjcct.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be on the amendmenttotheamendmentofFored
by the Senator from California.
Mr. COJfJN'ESS. The matter proposed to be
taken into consideration by the conference com-
mittees of the two Houses, by the proposition of
the Senator from Wisconsin, is not original mat-
ter or matter that can properly go before them at
all. The question that would be propounded by
each to the other would be, not what points are
in dispute between the two bodies, but what shall
the form of legislation of each body be? We have
no right to consider a proposition of that kind.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not sure that I know
what the question before the Senate is, and I rise
for the puipose of making the inquiry.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on the amendmentsubmitted
by the Senator from Wisconsin to the amendment
submitted by the Senator from California.
Mr. JOHNSON. Suppose the amendment to
that amendment be adopted, and the whole be
adopted afterwards, what will be the powerof the
committee of conference? Can they report a bill
taxing the whisky on hand ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair they might do it.
Mr. JOHNTSON. Then I am opposed to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itisnotaques-
tion of order, however, for the Chair to decide.
Mr. CONN ESS. The form of the question be-
fore the Senate at present is, first, a resolution
submi tted by the Senator from Ohio that the Senate
appoint a committee of conference and instruct
that committee to agree to a tax of twenty cents
upon the stock on hand.
Mr. JO FIN"SON. So I understand.
Mr. CO-NNESS. To that I have moved an
amendmeiitstriking outall of that resolution sub-
stantially and recommending that the Senate ap-
point a committee of free conference to consult with
a like committee of the House de novo upon the
question ofdisagreement between the two bodies.
To that proposition tlie Senator from Wisconsin
moves to add that that committee of free confer-
ence thus appointed shall also take into consid-
eration whether each body will instruct its com-
mittee or not. I say that the latter is clearly not
a subjcct for us to vote upon, because the Senate
may not be called upon in this manner to determ-
ine whether they will instruct their committee to
do anything. If they desire to instruct their com-
mittee they may do it, they have the power, but
they are not called upon here propc rly to take a
vote as to whether they shall do that or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to ask the Senator
from Wisconsin this question: the instructions
of the House arc to their own conferees, and now
the Senator from California ask** the Senate to
disagree to the instructions which the House
chooses to give to its own conferees.
Mr. CONNEPS. No; I beg the Senator's
pardon. The re is somebody at fault; and I think
it is not myself. The Senator from Oluo has
statu! the c.isi5 on the pat t of the Ilotue coi reedy; !i
and upon that state of facts the Senator from Ohio
moves a resolution that the Senate also instruct
the committee of this body to assent to the prop-
osition of the House, to agree to a tax of twenty
cents on the stock on hand.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply say to the
Senator from California*that my proposition dees
not relate to the instructions given to the Ho&ise
committee.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand that perfectly;
but he asks us to give like instructions to our
committee, to which I am opposed. I move to
strike that out, and to appoint a new committee
of free conference. If the Senate assent to that,
it will go back to the House, and the question
then for the House to consider will be, whether
they will recede from the instructions they have
given to their committee. If they recede and ap-
point a committee of free conference, we meet
again and confer. If they do not, I suppose the
bill will be lost.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will get at the question
in this way. I will call for a division of the
amendment of the Senator from Califorriia,.and
let the question first.be taken upon striking out.
That will raise the question directly. The Sena-
tor moves to strike oift the instructions contained
in my proposition. '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Cfeair
will inform the Senator from Ohio that a motion
to strike out and to insert is not divisible.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator from
Wisconsin whether that would not be the better
way, to take the question first on the motion to
strike out the instructions, and let us have a vote
directly on the subject.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know why the Sen-
ator should wish to have the question taken on
his proposition first; but really I think the Sen-
ate now so fully understand it that I do not care
in what form the question is presented. I am
perfectly willing that the question shall be taken
on the proposition of the Senator to instruct our
committee, for I feel assured that the Senate will
not vote for that proposition; but the proposition
which is now before the Senate, the amendment
submitted by the Senator from Wisconsin, seems
to have been lost sight of. That, i say, is a new
and novel one, unheard of by me before.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
from California that if my motion shall fail, I
shall have no objection to voting upon his prop-
osition, because then there will be no other course
left.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend from Califor-
nia, it seems to me, must take one of two posi-
tions: either that the resolution of the House of
Representatives is before the Senate to be disa-
greed to or concurred in, or that it is not before
the Senate at all. The Senator assumes that it
is here and moves that the Senate disagree to it.
Very well; what is my proposition? If we do
disagree to it, it is something pending between
the two Houses that I want this committee of con-
ference to settle. If there is not any resolution
here, we cannot either concur in it or disagree
to it.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me
to call his attention to the fact that 1 assume noth-
ing? There is a resolution before this body sub-
mitted by the Senator from Ohio, to wluch i have
moved an amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But in the amendment
the Senator assumes to say that the Senate disa-
grees to a certain resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives. If that resolution is not here, we
have nothing to do with it. If the resolution is
here,and we disagree to it, [ want the committee
of conference which is to be appointed to con-
sider that disagreement. That is my amendment.
The resolution of the House of Representatives
is simply that in the judgment of the House a tax
should be levied upon the spirits in handof twenty
cents a gallon. The Senator from California moves
that this body disagree to that resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. No.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I so read it.
Mr. CONNESS- That is not the state of the
question at all. I knew that the Senator from
Wisconsin did not understand theshapein which
this question was before the Senate. I have re-
peated to him that I do not offer any amendment
to the lcsolution of the House of Representa-
tives, but that I offer an amendment to the reso-
