2928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The charter given by the
Territorial Legislature to this company provided
for that very thing:
"And in the event that thesaid'Stateshallmakenootlier
adequate provision for purchasing out the residue of the
stock of the said canal, the dividend of the State stock
hereby acquired, and ail other proceeds of the sales of the
lands hereby granted, shall constitute a fund to be applied
10 the extinguishment of the claims of ail other stockhold-
ers until the entire stock vested in the canal shall have been
acquired by the State."
That very provision was contemplated in the
charter itself of the canal company, and the char-
ter provided that the company should apply to
Congress for the grant. The company applied.
Upon its application the grant was made. It was
not made upon the application of the Territory
of-Wisconsin, and the grant was not made for the
benefit of the Territory of Wisconsin. It was
made upon the application of the canal company
for the benefit of the canal company, and not for
the benefitof theTerritory or State; and when the
grant was made upon the application of the com-
pany itself, Congress provided that that grant
should be used for the extinguishment of the
stock of the subscribers, so that it should become
a free canal.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not know whether I un-
derstand the Senator or not. Does he state that
that was a beneficial provision to the company,
giving the right to Wisconsin to compel the com-
pany to sell its stock ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly, because it was
consistent with the charter itself. Not only was
the canal company entitled, according to the pro-
visions of the land grant, to a return of the stock
subscribed, but to seven per cent, interest on it.
That was the provision of the act of Congress,
that it should be refunded out of the proceeds of
these lands with seven per cent, interest. That
is what Congress said in 1838; and the Territorial
Legislature when this fund was diverted pledged
the faith of the Territory and of the State to do
that thing, and Congress provided for it when
Congress said that the State should have the five
per cent. fund. Therefore the equities are min-
gled with the legal rights of the State of Wiscon-
sin.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not yet understand the
Senator, or I do not understand the question.
Does he maintain that the company had a right
to demand the payment of that money with in-
terest, or only that this Government and Wis-
consin reserved the right to buy the stock? Did
it clothe the company with the right to demand
the payment, or was it simply a reservation to
Wisconsin of the right to purchase the stock if
she chose to purchase it?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The charter granted to
the canal company contemplated that eventually
it should become a free canal, that the stock should
be purchased up by the State, and that right was
reserved in the charter itself, and this grant of
land was made with a view of carrying that out;
and how? By purchasing up the stock. And
certainly, if this grant was made to the State or to
theTerritory for the benefitof the canal company,
and it became the interest of the canal company
to have the stock repaid to it, it had the right to
demand it of the State, because it is clear that the
Territory and the State was but the trustee for
the benefit of the canal company.
Mr. HARLAN. That is the very point now
in controversy, and I desire the Senator to read
any clause in the territorial law or in the law of
Congress which provided thatthe company might
demand this repayment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Idonotiike to read it
moie than once or twice. Congress made the
grant to the Territory for the benefit of the com-
pany, and provided in that very grant that the
dividends upon the State stock, which State stock
should accrue from the sale of the lands, should
not go into the coffers of the State, but should go
to the payment of the subscriptions made by in-
dividuals, and that the subscriptions made by in-
dividuals should be repaid to them with seven per
cent, interest. TheTerritory of Wisconsin took
the land with that condition as a trust and obliga-
tion when she assumed the trust; and now, sir,
on this point I will read a few sentences from the
report of the committee on the judiciary of the
Senate of the State of Wisconsin:
"Your committee think the following propositions estab-
lished:
" 1. That by said act of Congress, passed on the 18th
day of June, 1838, the Ten itory of Wisconsin was consti-
tuted a trustee to sol! and dispose of said lands, and apply
the pioceeds thereof in aid of the construction of said canal.
"2. That said grant ot land was made expressly to aid
in the construction of said canal, and Its use restricted by
the act of Congress to that purpose ' and none other.'
"3. That said company, after said grant was made, pro-
ceeded to locate the line of said canal, and commenced
the construction of the same in pursuance of powers con-
ferred by the several enactments aforesaid, and, as your
committee have reason to believe, in good taith.
"4. That said company expended a considerable amount
of its own funds in the payment of work done on the ca-
nal, but what amount your committee are not informed.
" 5. That the Territorial Legislature undertook the office
of trustee by passing an act oa the 26th day of February,
1839, entitled ' An act to aid in the construction of the
Milwaukee and Rock river canal,' and by several subse-
quent enactments of succeeding sessions, and continued '
in the execution of said trust until the 17th day of Feb-
ruary, 1842, at which time it passed a series of resolutions
declaring all connection between the Territory and canal
company to be dissolved, without assigning any reason
therefor; that the trust had been imposed upon the Terri-
tory by Congress; that it would longer perform the
duties of trustee, &c; and at the same session passed laws
repealing the former laws providing for aiding the com-
pany by an application of the land or land fund.
"6. Thatthe canal company repeatedly offered to sur-
render all control of the canal into the hands of the Terri-
tory and withdraw entirely fiom it upon being refunded the
amount which it had expended, which at the time was a
small sum> that in consequence of the refusal of the Ter-
ritory to sell the land and apply the proceeds the company
was subjected to much inconvenience, difficulty, and dam-
age in prosecuting the work without the promised aid.
" 7. That on the 24th day of February, 1845, the Legis-
lature passed a law for the sale of said land without mak-
ing provision for applying the proceeds to the purposes
intended by the act ot Congie&s ; but on the contrary in vio-
lation of said act and of the trust thereby created the Le-
gislature subsequently passed a resolution, to wit, on the
3d day of February, 1846, directing the money received
from the sale of the land to be paid into the territorial
treasury, and that the same be paid out as other territorial
funds for the public expenditures, pledging the faith of the
Territory and of the State of Wisconsin to refund the same
to the canal fund when required for the purposes of the
trust.
"8. That one of the purposes of the trust was to pay the
stockholders of the canal company the amount paid out by
them in the construction and maintenance oi the canal in
lieu of the stock of the company.
Ck9. That said company has repeatedly requested the
Legislature of the Territory and the State to liquidate their
claims, but that up to this time this, lequest has not been
complied with.
"10. That said company has made its appeal to Con-
gress fur the protection of its rights, claiming that good faith
on the part of the General Government requires that Con-
gress should see that its engagements be fulfilled.
"For these and various other reasons which might be
stated your committee are of the opinion that there is hon-
estly and justly due some amount of money to ^aid com-
pany for expenditures made in payment of work done on
the canal, and that a fair and honorable settlement ought
to be made between «iaid company, the General Govern-
ment, and the State upon principles of justice and equity,
and that said company ought to be paid whatever amount
shall be found its ju t due,"
The Senator from Iowa interposes between the
canal company and the State of Wisconsin, and
ho says there is nothing due to this company.
Upon what authority does he say that, when I
have incorporated in the report which is §n the
Senator's table this report of the judiciary com-
mittee of the Senate of Wisconsin which says
expressly that this land was held in trust for the
purpose of extinguishing the stock, that there is
a sum of money justly due to the canal company,
and when Congress has connected the trust with
the legal right, and this judiciary committee says
it ought to be adjusted between the canal com-
pany, the State of Wisconsin, and the Govern-
ment of the United States? The judiciary com-
mittee of the Senate of Wisconsin, interested in
representing the State, used this strong language,
and I ask the permission of the Senate to read it
again:
u For these and various other reasons which might be
stated, your committee are of the opinion that there is
honestly and justly due some amount of rnonoy to said
company tor expendituies made in payment of work done
on the canal; and that a fair and honorable settlement
ought to be made between said company, the General Gov-
ernment, and the State upon principles of justice and
equity; and that said company ought to be paid whatever
amount bhall be found its just due.''
Then this judiciary committee of the Senate
of Wisconsin agreeing with the report made in
the United States House of Representatives in
1842, agreeing with every report that has been
made to the Senate of the United States on this
subject, says that there is an equity in favor of
the canal company. Congress has said that this
payment of the five per cent, to the State of Wis-
consin should depend upon the adjustment of the
equity. The Committee on Claims are unan-
imously of the opinion that the resolution re-
ported secures and adjusts that equity. The
committee have regarded this as a case in chan-
cery, if I may so express it, and that this resolu-
tion is the proper decree in chancery. The ob-
ligations of trustees and the rights of beneficiaries
are properly adjusted ordinarily in a court of
chancery; and 1 say there is no Senator here sit-
ting in chancery and knowing all the facts this
case who would fail to give to the canal company
its rights under this trust when the legal claim
was made by the State of Wisconsin for her five
per cent. fund. •
I have no interest in the world in this question
except to see that right and justice be done in the
case. No committee of the Legislature of Wis-
consin, so far as I have known, no committee of
the House of Representatives, no committee of
this body has ever failed in any report made to
recognize this equity, and that the claim of Wis-
consin to the five per cent, could not be allowed
except in connection with the equity of the canal
company.
Mr. HARLAN. I will add a single word. The
report ofthe committee of the Legislature of Wis-
consin, which the Senator has read, states that
the proceeds of these lands were to be used in
buying the stock. That is only true in a quali-
fied sense. The law provided that Wisconsin
might thus use the fund if it chose. Not one dollar
of the money derived from the sale of this land
was ever thus used, and not one dollar of it was
to be so used, unless Wisconsin chose to buy
them out. Exercising her volition or her judg-
ment of her interests, she reserved the right to
apply the rents and the proceeds of the money
thus applied to the purchase of the stock. It thus
diminished the value of the grant to that extent.
Usually when grants of this kind are made and
money is invested by private individuals and com-
panies, they do not agree to sell their stock at the
naked cost and seven per cent, interest. If the
stock should be worth more than that, they would
not sell it; but in this case if this stock should be
worth one hundred per cent, above par, any
amount of money whatever, Congress provided
that the company should sell it at par with seven
per cent, interest to the State of Wisconsin; and
because the stock was thus restricted, the Senator
claims that the company ought to be permitted to
sell it to the Government, whether the State of
"Wisconsin chose to buy it or not. In point of
fact, Wisconsin did not want to buy the stock,
never agreed to buy it, and never agreed to pay
'this company one dollar on that account; and it
is because Wisconsin has persistently refused to
do it that they come to Congress.
Wisconsin had a right to do it under the char-
ter that she herself gave to the company, and she
had a right to do it under the law passed by Con-
gress; but it was a right of which she never
availed herself, and never desired to avail herself,
because the stock was worthless. If it had been
valuable stock, if it had been to the advantage of
Wisconsin to make this purchase, she had the
right to make the purchase; but the Senator's
proposition now is to compel the Government to
make this purchase.
That is the difference between the law and the
Senator's proposition. He proposes by this joint
resolution to compel the Government of the United
States, or the State of Wisconsin, to buy this
stock at its par value and the interest which he
suggests. The law reserved to the State the right
to do it if she chose, but she never did choose to
buy it, never decided to buy it. It is a proposition
on the part of the Senator to compel the Govern-
ment to buy up this stock of a rotten company,
and he says that the committees of the House
of Representatives have persistently refused to
make this adjustment with Wisconsin unless
Wisconsin would pay for this stock. I have
never seen any such report. The report referred
to by the Senator, and which is incorporated in
part in his report, was one made in the House
of Representatives before Wisconsin was a State,
and the conclusion come to by that committee
was that the work would probably be a valuable
work to thopublic, and therefore the construction
of the work ought not to be suspended, and hence
the land ought not to be diverted from that use;
and that is the whole conclusion to which they
come. It does not refer to and could not refer to
the adjustment of the five percent, fund, and, as
far as I have been able to learn in the examination
