906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
lotion of the Senator from Ohio—a Senate reso-
lution. And .yet the Senator from Wisconsin
iterates and reiterates that I offer an amendment
to a proposition coming from the House of Rep-
resentatives. I hope he will correct himself in
that.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not sure now that 1
understand what will be the question before the
Senate if either of the propositions should be
adopted. I understand that the message of the
House of Representatives states that they have
appointed a committee of conference and have
instructed their committee to propose a tax of a
certain amount on liquors on hand. If that is to
be considered as in the form of a resolution pro-
posed by the other House, it is to be disposed of
by the Senate either by affirming it, acceding to
it, or by rejecting it, or by modifying it.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator call for the
reading of the propositions as they stand before
the Senate? If he does, I know he will under-
stand precisely what they mean.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think I understand them.
Now suppose, Mr. President, the amendment
suggested by the Senator fr'om California to the
proposition of the Senator from Ohio is accepted
by the Senate; he proposes that we should ap-
pointwhat he callsageneral free conference; and
suppose the House of Representatives abandon
the proposition which they have sent to us and
accede to a free conference, what will be the power
of that free conference?
Mr. CONNESS. To consider the propositions
which divide both Houses.
Mr. JOHNSON. That I understand.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator from Ma-
ryland allow me to answer that question ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have had two confer-
ences, and there have been disagreements, and if
a free conference is again ordered, according to the
proposition of the Senator from California, we
shall have the same dispute over again just as cer-
tain as fate. Thete is no doubt about it in my
judgment.
Mr. JOHNSON. What I meant further to ask
was whether that free conference can agree that a
tax shall be levied upon the liquor on hand. I
suppose theycan withoutinstructions. Wehave
had two of them already, and the second confer-
ence have been unable to agree upon that point
and only upon that point. If I was a member of
that committee of conference, I should like to
know, after the action of the Senate on the sub-
ject, whether the Senate would consider the com-
mittee as authorized to abandon the ground which
the Senate has heretofore taken, abandon the
ground which the antecedent conferences have
taken, and adopt another, the one which the House
of Representatives now proposes, that is to say,
to levy a tax of twenty cents a gallon upon the
amount of spirits 011 hand.
Whether the one or the other is done we shall
have precisely the same question before us after
that committee shall have reported as we have
now; and in the mean time if we shall come finally
to the determination which 1 think the Senate at
least at present are inclined to adhere to, that no
liquor on hand shall be taxed, the Government
will be losinga large amount, an amount propor-
tioned to what shall be the tax upon the quantity
of liquor that may be made,and is no doubt being
now rapidly made between to-day and the day
when the subject shall be disposed of.
Mr. CONNESS. At the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Maryland and also the Senator from
Ohio I will withdiaw my proposition, and let the
vote be taken. As I before observed I have very
little doubt as to what the vote of the Senate will
be now upon the direct proposition of taxing the
stock on hand twenty cents. Therefore at pres-
ent I withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The amendment of the Senator from
California being withdrawn the question recurs
on the original resolution offered by the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Ohio what amount of revenue he
estimates that a tax of twenty cents a gallon on
liquor on hand will produce.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is difficult for me to an-
swer that question, because gentlemen differ so
much as lo the stock 011 hand.
Mr. RAMSEY. What is the Senator's im-
pression from the best information the committee
had before them ?
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is that the
stock on hand is about forty millions. That is
just about the average between the two extremes,
but 1 cannot say that it is the exact quantity.
Mr. RAMSEY. Forty million gallons?
Mr. SHERMAN. Forty million gallons.
That would yield $8,000,000. I will not be posi-
tive about the quantity. It isestimated variously
from twenty to eighty million gallons.
Mr. RAMSEY, f iiave been informed that
large holders of liquor were willing to compromise
on this tax of twenty cents. For the life of me, I
cannot see why the Senate can afford to throw
away this amount of revenue for the sake of ac-
commodating speculators.
Mr. CONNESS. This last remark of the Sena-
tor from Minnesota demands notice.
Mr. RAMSEY. I mean of course speculators
out of doors.
Mr. CONNESS. But there is contained in the
Senator's remark the suggestion that action here
by the Senate or by a Senator can be based upon
the interests of what are called speculators. I
undertake to say that that thing is impossible.
We do not know in our legislation here who are
speculators and who are not. We do not know
who hold or who do not hold this property, this
commodity that is to be subject to taxation. The
considerations that govern my mind in this case
are these: How much tax can weget? Is itworth
the effort to obtain it? Shall the Government vio-
late a great principle,upon which it has always
proceeded heretofore, to obtain a comparatively
small amount of money ? Shall we say that our
tax collectors and assessors throughout this coun-
try shall be increased perhaps five-fold to hunt up
every package of this article wherever it may be
found, and to make enemies for this Government
wherever it is to be found at a time like this?
These are the questions, or a part of them, that
affected my mind in dealing with this proposition;
and "I say here before I take my seat, that I would
vote a great deal more readily for a tax of forty
cents a gallon upon the stock on hand than for a
tax of twenty cents. The more you reduce the
tax the less revenue you will obtain; but the ma-
chinery, the agencies that you employ to collect it
will be the same in number; the degree of enmity
that you will create among the people will be the
same; the fact that you will make a smuggler out
of every man who holds a gallon of whisky in
the country will exist, while the amount to be
obtained as the result of this effort on the part of
public agents will be, as a matter of course, one
hundred per cent. less.
How Senators can be in favor of taxing the
stock 011 hand at twenty cents as a mere matter
of compromise, and against taxing it forty cents,
1 cannot understand and see, in the faceof the fact
that the expenses of collection will be the same,
the enraity created throughout the county against
our Government will be the same, while the rev-
enue to be received will necessarily be one half
the amount.
It is considerations of this kind, Mr. President,
that affect my mind. 1 have no sympathy with
either whisky or whisky dealers. It is a mere
question of opinion as to whether it is wise or
unwise. I have said that I believed it unwise;
that is the best conclusion of my judgment; and
therefore I have opposed inflicting this tax.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I am disposed
generally to follow the lead of committees, and I
voted the other day with the Committeeon Finance
against taxing liquors on hand. But the House
of Representatives with great persistency has in-
sisted upon taxing liquors oti hand, and I shall
vote to secure a tax of twenty cents a gallon upon
the whisky now 011 hand,and 1 shall do so on the
piinciple of equity and justice.
We propose by our legislation—itis what was
expected of us—to tax whisky forty cents a gal-
lon additional. I think the tax ought to be at
least a dollar a gallon, and it could be fixed at that
rate withoutany harm to the interests of the coun-
try; but we have settled upon an increase of forty
cents a gallon, and it will increase the price of the
article to the people nearly or quite that amount.
We put this tax, not upon whisky manufacturers,
but upon thepepple of this country, who have to
pay the tax. If thete be foity million gallons 011
hand and we tax it an additional forty cents a
gallon, there is a tax of $16,000,000, not to be
paid by the whisky manufacturers, but by the
whisky drinkers, the people of the country.
It is proposed to tax the liquor on hand twenty
cents a gallon; why? If you tax it forty cents
some persons who have engaged in that business
or who have speculated in it will lose money.
Some dealers have bought at a great advance. A
tax of twenty cents per gallon on the article on
hand does not add anything to the cost of it to
the people; not a farthing.
It is asked, why select this article alone for tax-
ation ? If you have any other article or any num-
ber of articles upon which you propose to put a
duty of thirty, forty, or fifty per cent, additional, I
would tax those articles on hand. Who is harmed
byit? Suppose you were to put an increased tax
upon dry goods, upon tobacco, petroleum, any-
thing and everything in the country, of forty, fifty,
or one hundred percent., you would cause a great
advance in the price of the article taxed. There
would be 110 harm at all in the present needs of
this country by taxing all these articles on hand,
and I would vote for such taxation most cheer-
fully. You need the money, the country needs
the money to save itself; the mass of the people
have to pay it, and it is quite as equitable and
just that the Government should have part of the
profit as it is that the persons who hold the arti-
cles and who are to be profited by our legislation
should get it all. Sir, if I were a merchant 
Mr. COWAN. Let me ask the Senator from
Massachusetts, suppose the speculator- makes a
very large sum, as he.alleges he will in this
case 
Mr. WILSON. I am not speaking of specu-
lators.
Mr. COWAN. But in the case of a whisky
dealer who gets a large profit by the rise, does
not the Government get a fair share of his profit
through its income tax? If he makes §100,000,
does not the Government get its share through
the income tax?
Mr. WILSON. No doubt of that. Merchants
do not suffer by this taxation. If 1 were a mer-
chant I should regard the increase of the taxes on
articles that I dealt in as an additional opportunity
to make money instead of losing. I say that nine-
teen twentieths of the business portion of the
country have made money out of this system of
internal taxation. Nineteen twentieths of the
manufacturers and merchants make money out
of tariffs whenever you raise the duties, and out
of internal duties. The price of articles of com-
merce must be increased by the increased taxa-
tion.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me?
I submit to him, if he is stating the general rule
correctly, whether we had not better go on and
inflict a taxation of a thousand or two thousand
per cent, all around, so as to make everybody very
rich.
Mr. WILSON. I am speaking of reasonable
taxation put upon both goods imported and goods
manufactured. We propose a huge duty on whis-
ky. It will carry tiie piice of the article up im-
mensely; theiefore we can afford to tax it on hand
because we shall get a large revenue. You tax
manufacturers three per cent.; suppose you add
two or three per cent., the increase is very little.
If it was thirty, forty, or fifty percent. I would cer-
tainly tax the articles on hand at least during the
war, buttwo or three per cent, makes a very small
advance. Suppose you double the duties on the
manufactured articles now three per cent., you
will carry the goods up, we will say three per
cent, oralittle more than that. A tax of three per
cent, on all the articles of the country amounts
to something, but the difficulty of collection is in-
creased. I do not know that I would apply this
tax to articles on which we made so small an ad-
vance, but 1 believe our duty is to raise money
by taxation, and to raise it upon such articles as
will bear the taxation. 1 believe that a great deal
of our difficulty grows out of the fact that we have
nottaxed enough. Instead of three per cent, tax-
ation, it ought to be double or treble in the present
exigencies of the country, for three dollars can be
paid by the people now m taxation easier than
one dollar can be paid immediately after this con-
test is over. The country never enjoyed such
apparent material prosperity as now. The land
is full of money, goods are going up, marked up
