1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
almost every day, and the more they advance the
more eager the people are to purchase. The people
now can bear taxation. If we had raised four or
five hundred million dollars by taxation on our
people during the past two years, we should have
saved to the Government and the people hundreds
of millions of dollars. We have issued paper,
inflated prices, increased the expenses of the Gov-
ernment and the people, and put a great debt upon
the country without any benefit to ourselves.
Taxation would have kept down gold and checked
speculation, and large taxation alone will check
the wild speculation that feeds on increasing issues
of paper money.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand the Senator to
assert as a principle that the country is very much
richer now than it was before this war began. Is
that what the Senator means?
Mr. WILSON. I will tell the Senator pre-
cisely what I mean. I mean to say that in no
period of the history of the United States did the
people of the country, capitalists, laboring men,
and business men,earn so much money, have so
much money, pay their debts so promptly, pay
their taxation so easily, or live—I will not say so
extravagantly—but so well. You may travel the
loyal States from one end to the other, you may
go into your cornergroceries, you may go to your
dry goods dealers, and they will tell you they
never sold so much for cash; that the mass of the
people never earned or spent so much money, were
never so well off, never paid so promptly; that
they never lost so few debts. The jeweler never
sold so much jewelry as now; the dry goods mer-
chant never sold so costly goods as now; the ex-
travagance of the people was never so great as
now.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me
to ask him briefly to state his opinion how all this
prosperity has occurred, why it has occurred?
Mr. WILSON. I will teii you, sir, why and
how it has occurred. The reason is that Con-
gress has not taxed the people and raised money,
and paid the expenses of the war as we went
along. We have created an immense debt, filled
the country and flooded the country with paper
money, inflated prices, and stimulated specula-
tion, extravagance, and luxury. And this policy
has cost the people hundreds of millions more to
live Chan it would if we had taxed them heavily,
and it has cost them millions more to support the
war.
Mr. CONNESS. I asked the Senator how all
these riches came. He answers me that it is be-
cause the Government have not taxed enough.
Then I propose to him that we tax less still, so
that the country may become richer. If every-
body can become rich in that way, it is clearly
our duty to impose as little taxation as possible.
Mr. W1LSON. I am very willing the Senator
shall express these views if he entertains them. I
am speaking of the stimulating effects upon all
interests of this enormous issue of paper money,
this creation of an immense national debt. Of the
effects of this increase of debt, this issue of paper,
I know something.
Mr. CONNESS. That is apparent.
Mr. WILSON. I know something of the ef-
fects of this issue of paper money, this use of the
national credit upon the business of the country
and the people of the country, and the Senator
knows it quite as well as I do—
Mr. CONNESS. I think so, too, and better.
Mr. WILSON. I will admit that Senator's
superior knowledge of all things that may arise
in the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. No; on that proposition.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator knows full well
that we have in circulation a vast mass of paper
money. He knows what the price of gold is. He
knows why gold has gone up. He knows that
it goes up under the issue of paper money and the
borrowing of money to carry on the war. The
position I take is that if we could have raised
forty or fifty percent, of our expenditures by tax-
ation, the Government would have purchased its
articles hundreds of millions of dollars cheaper
than it has done, and the people could live hun-
dreds of millions annually cheaper than they are
doing. I would rather pay ten per cent, on an
income taxation than pay thirty or forty per cent,
advance ill the price of all the necessaries of life.
I give it as my judgment, and I believe that nine-
teen twentieths of the business men of the coun-
try agree in the opinion, that the Government has
not taxed so strongly as it ought to have done,
that we have not raised so much of our expend-
itures as we ought to have raised from taxation,
and that the effect has been to increase paper
money, to inflate prices, and put a debt on the
country without any benefit to the Government
or the people.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then we cannot be grow-
ing rich.
Mr. WILSON. We are growing nominally
rich. I do not mean to say that upon a gold stand-
ard we are growing rich; but that measured by
your legal-tender notes we are growing rich. I
mean to say further that the laboring men of the
country, the mechanics, the farmers, the mass of
our people, never had so much money, never
earned it with so few hours of labor, never paid
their debts so promptly, and never had so good
credit as they have now. Everybody knows this.
Go anywhere you please; go to dry goods mer-
chants; go to the corner groceries, and ask the
dealers in the luxuries or the necessaries of life how
they are paid, and they will tell you that they sell
more to poor laboring families now than at any
other period, that they pay more promptly, and
that if they want credit it is given more freely
than at any other period of our history. Every-
body knows this to be true. It is so all over the
country, and what I mean to say and all I mean
to say is that we have an apparent prosperity, im-
mense enterprise, immense industry, high prices
for labor, a great deal of moneyin circulation. I
think we ought-to increase our taxation and pay
at least one third of our annual expenses by tax-
ation, foreign and domestic. That, in my judg-
ment, is the duty we owe the country. The tend-
ency is to expansion, inflation, speculation, and
this tendency can only be checked by increas-
ing our resources and using our credit moderately.
This is clear to the comprehension of the country,
and I believe the interests of the country and the
reason of the people demand increased taxation.
Taxation will bring down the price of gold, and
tend to steady the business affairs of the country.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, I might be
disposed and even somewhat inclined to reply to
the remarks of the Senator from Massachusetts
on the general subject of taxation, and the pro-
priety of changing the rule which is now advo-
cated by some, to explain the reason of the large
amount of money required, the necessity for rais-
ing money, and why I think mistakes which have
been committed require that money should be
raised, and to state the reasons for a change of
policy. But as those remarks may as well be
made upon some other occasion, and as I feel ex-
ceedingly anxious that we should have a vote on
this bill, I shall cheerfully abstain from making
those remarks if it is possible to get a vote on the
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the resolution offered by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. CONNESS. Upon further consideration
I will submit this as a substitute for the resolu-
tion, which contains the Senator's proposition
and the alternative:
The Senate do not agree to a further conference upon
the Hou=e bill No 122 in the manner proposed by tiie House
of Representatives, but do agree to a further free confer-
ence upon the differences between tile two Houses upon
the said bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is 011 the amendment of the Senator from Califor-
nia to the resolution of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. CONNESS. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply wish to say that
that will only bring the aetion back here again.
Mr. CONNESS. Well, to facilitate the vote,
I will withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be with-
drawn only by unanimous consent, the yeas and
nays having been ordered. Is there objection?
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 think we may as well
meet the question on the proposition of the Sena-
tor from California as not. It meets it squarely.
The Senate just says to the House, " We will not
agree to a strict conference, but we will agree to
a free conference " It seems to me we can meet
it there just as well as anywhere. As the Sena-
tor from Ohio says, it will bring the question, back
here again. Of course it will bring it back here
again if the other House do not agree to the prop-
osition.
Mr. CONNESS. Let me say to the Senator
from Indiana that my desire is twofold: to come
to a vote, and not to divide gentlemen who agree
on the main proposition. I hope there will be no
objection to allowing me to withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well; I will not
object if the Senator wishes to withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no o bjection to the withdrawal of the amend-
ment. The question now is on the resolution of-
fered by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. CONNESS. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Dixon, Doolittle,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Hanis, Howard, Morrill,
Itamsey, Sherman, Wilkinson, arid Wilson—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Clark, Conness,
Cowan, Davis, Fessenden, Harding, Henderson, Hendricks,
Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan,
Ncsmith, Pomeroy, Powell,baul&bury, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, and Wright—25.
So the resolution offered by Mr. Sherman was
rejected.
Mr. CONNESS. I now move the adoption of
the first proposition that I before offered as a sub-
stitute, preceding it with the word "resolved,"
in this form:
Resolved, That the Senate disagree to the resolution of
the House of Representatives of yesterday's date proposing
instructions to the conferees, and ask another free confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(H. R. No. 122) to increase the internal revenue, and fofc
other purposes.
Mr. GRIMES. Is a motion for the indefinite
postponement of the whole subject in order? It
is evident that there can be no agreement between
the Senate and House of Representatives on this
subject, and I think therefore we had better let
the matter drop, and let the House of Represent-
atives originate a new bill to cover the whole
subject.
the PRESIDING OFFICER. Doesthe Chair
understand the Senator to make that motion ?
Mr. GRIMES. I make the motion if it be in
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved by
the Senator from Iowa that the whole subject be
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I doubt very much whether
that is in order. This is a report of a committee
of conference, which ought to be acted upon di-
rectly.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand from gentlemen
around me that my motion is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
no doubt that the motion is in order. The ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone indefinitely the
further consideration of the whole subject.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the adoption of the resolution offered
by the Senator from California, [Mr. Conness.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to amend that by
adding:
And upon the disagreeing votes upon the resolution of
instructions of the House in relation to said bill.
The resolution offered by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia is that we disagree to the resolution of the
House of Representatives. I desire not only that
we have a free conference on the disagreeing votes
on the bill, but on the disagreement upon this res-
olution which expresses the judgment of the
House of Representatives in relation to the bill;
and I want to know whether, when that House
is struggling to go to a conference on that ques-
tion, we are unwilling to confer with them, but
will stand on a mere technicality.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senate have already de-
cided that question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to reply to the
honorable gentleman by saying that the Senate
have not decided that question. The Senate have
just voted on the question of instructing our com-
mittee to go for twenty cents taxation.
Mr. CONNESS. Well, let us come to a vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The propositions are en-
tirely distinct. This is simply a proposition of
