1864.
THJE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
with my views of public duty, the nature, extent, and char-
acter of the various claims which have coine to my notice
against the Government, growing out of the loss and de-
struction of property during the present rebellion; and also
to make any general suggestions on the subject that may
seem proper."
In reply I have the honor to state that a great variety of
claims have been made against the United States, growing
out of the loss or destruction of property in the southern
States. Damages have been claimed by loyal eitizcnswho
have always resided in the northern States for real estate
situated in the rebellious districts, and taken into posses-
sion of the Union troops for military purposes, asforquar-
ters or for storage, or hospitals, barracks, &c.
Damages have also been asked by the same class of per-
sons foi personal property, as cotton, sugar, flour, horses,
mules, wagons, agricultural implements, money of the Uni-
ted States, money of thcconfederates, hay, grain, corn, and
all kinds of lorage; wood for burning, and woodcut down
but not removed from the spot when cut; and damagesfor
crops trampled or eaten up by our cavalry, &c.
But by far the larger proportion of claims are made by
persons residing in the disloyal districts for every species of
real and personal property alleged to have been used, in-
jured, seized, or destroyed, by our troops; fences burned,
crops trampled down or consumed by the Army; horses,
mulc-o, beei cattle captured, seized, and taken away; money,
furniture, and household articles lost or stolen ; cotton cap-
tured, burned, used, lost, or damaged by dirt or otherwise
in the use of it for military or naval forces. Every variety
of peisonal property lawfully captured by our forces has
been claimed or damages have been demanded for its use,
detention, or destruction. Rents are continually requested
for the use of real estate seized by our troops; property
which ha? been condemned as lawful prize in our courts
has been claimed, or its value in damages.
And what is singular, every claimant purports on affida-
vits to be a loyal citizen, even when in some cases it
is well known to the Department that the party really in-
terested in the claim is actively engaged in rebellion at the
time the claim is presented.
Respectable gentlemen, in many occasions, act as claim
agents on behalf of the party interested.
Often it happens that shift is made in the title or appa-
rent title of property in urd'er that the party making the ap-
plication may be deemed loyal. And were we to regatd
the evidence presented to this Department as conclusive
on the question of loyalty, it would be doubtful whether
there is or ever was a disloyal person in the seceded States.
Many claims have been made for property seized in at-
tempts to violate the laws regulating the commerce with
the inhabitants of the rebellious States. Few, if any, in-
stances have occurred of claims for restoration of property
seized in transitu on its course from Maryland, New York,
or other States, to Virginia, without being accompanied by
testimony of the loyalty, honesty, and high character of the
criminal, even where he has been anested and caught in
the act of violating the law.
Rebel printing offices have been gutted out, secession
houses have been burned, arms and munitions of war have
been seized, vessels have been used,seized or capturedby
our forces, railroads have been taken for military use, their
rolhngstock has been worn out, tracks have been destioyed,
bridges burnt or blown up, and every form of devastation
and destiuctionhas been inflicted on the enemy's property
by our armies.
Fiom all these injuries., the inevitable result of warlike
operations, claims aiise against the Government from some
persons claiming to be loyal; even though residing in the
distucts at war with u=. Whenever the armies move they
scatter bioadcast the piohfic seed which will lipen into
claims against the Government.
As to the character of these claims, so far as known to
me, some of them have but a slight foundation in fact, many
are purely fictitious, and a large proportion of them have
been exoibitant and unreasonable.
Sometimes the amount of annual rent demanded for a
piece of real estate is equal to half or the whole ofits value.
The valuation placed upon manyaiticles has been more
than ten times their leal worth; and as a general statement
these claims are of so gross and outrageous a character as
to stamp them as fraudulent.
Although some claims of this class are fairly stated, yet
it would seem as though it were thought fair game by some
claimants to rob the Treasury to any practicable extent.
Til answer to the inquiry as to the amount of these claims
which have been or will be brought against the Govern-
ment, I can only say that it is impossible to ascertain the
aggregate. I believe that hundreds of millions of dollars
will be lequiied to satisfy these demands.
If it were now understood that they were allowed and
promptly settled in the War Department and paid by the
Treasury, I do not believe that we eould carry on the war
tin ec months, for want of money or credit.
f look upon the army of claimants as really quite as for-
midable to the Government as the army of rebels; and if
this great and impending danger is not looked m the face,
and promptly and decisively mot by Congress, I shall feel
a diminished confidence m the ultimate preservation of our
national honor.
in regard to all claim* arhing in the rebellious districts
of the character above described, I have uniformly refused
to acknowledge then legal validity, whether the claimant is
loyal or otherwise. I have not felt at liberty to waive the
legal right of the Government to act accoidmg to its own
will and pleasure in recognizing the^e obligations. The
question as to what shall and what shall not be concedod
to persons, whether loyal or disloyal, fiiendlv or hostile,
who reside in tlio&e parts of the country now in rebellion,
is a question of public policy to be settled by Conjire^.
Congress may or may not assumo such obligations. If
they should amount to hundred-? of million* of dollars,
Congress may refuse by recognizing them to add such an
amount to our national debt; but if they s-houid be of com-
paratively trifling amount, a different policy might be jus-
tified.
Perhaps the time lias not yet arrived when we can tell
what is best to be done; foi we do not know when the war j
will end, what will be the amount of our debt, nor what
the extent of demands upon our national resources.
It therefore seems tome that we ought not to allow any
court or tribunal to pass upon tiiis class of claims in antici-
pation of the action of Congress, however small the amount
involved may be, and the Government ought not to com-
mit itself through any of its legislative or executive depart-
ments or through the Court of Claims, or by any commis-
sioners or other functionaries, to an acknowledgment of the
validity of claims of persons residingor having properly in
rebellious districts while the war is going on.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM WHITING,
Solicitor of the War Department.
Hon. Elihu B. Washburne, U. S. Ho. of Reps.
Mr. WILSON. That letter, sir, presents the
views of the case that obtained when all these
claimants were pressing their claims upon the
War Department for adjustment. The Solicitor
of that Department decided not to entertain them.
Then the claimants turned their attention to the
Court of Claims, and there they are seekingevery
avenue of approach to the public'Treasury. 1
hold in my hand the record of one case now pend-
ing in the Court of Claims. It was sent to me
by a gentleman who is acting as attorney for the
claimant, in order that i might see# how great
would be the hardship imposed on claimants if
Congress should determine to withhold this juris-
diction from the Court of Claims. It is as follows:
"The petition of Mrs. Virginia Scott to this honorable
court respectfully shows;
"That she is, and always has been, loyal to the Govern-
ment of the United States. That she is the owner and oc-
cupant of certain lands m Fairfax county, Virginia, which
have been occupied by the forces of the United States.
That she has thereby suffered damage to the extent of
$37,193 75, in the following particulars:
" Three acres and upward of wood cut down and used,
of the value of $450. Two thousand five hundred and
thirty-five panels of worm-fence, of the value of $1,628 25,
carried off. Twenty acres of wheat, twenty-five tons of
hay, hogs, eattle, and poultry destroyed up to July 29,1861,
amounting in value to $1,535; and since said last mentioned
time, two hundred bushels of rye, of the value of $170.
Five hundred bushels of oats, to the value of $250. Two
hundred and fifty bushels of potatoes, to the value of
$187 50. Two hundred and fifty bushels of green corn,
amounting to $975. Garden vegetables to about the value
of $100; besides much other damage to growing crops, which
cannot be exactly ascertained and computed. A horse-
shed, outbuildings, the underground pipes, water reservoir,
and hydraulic ram, formerly attached to the mansion, taken
down and carried off, to the value of $5U0. One carnage
horse, worth $300. Farming utensils to the value of $500.
Injuries to the dairy, the blacksmith's shop, and the iron
fence around the giounds adjacent to the mansion, to the
extent of $400. Thnty-four negroes, of whom the petitioner
is the owner and entitled to their services, induced to run
away by the soldiers; which services aforesaid this peti-
tioner computes at least at $30,000.
" And your petitioner further shows that a part of this
claim, to wit, the loss acciuing before July 29,1861, afore-
said, has been submitted to the War Department by Brig-
adier General O. O. Howard, but that no notice has appa-
rently been taken of it. And fuither, that she is the only
and sole ownerof this claim.
" Wherefore she a&ks that she may receive relief for the
loss and injury aforesaid in the said sum of $37,193 75."
Thirty thousand dollars out of the §37,193 75
claimed is asked as compensation for negroes who
ran away from the estate. And this is but one
of many claims of this character being pressed
on the attention of the Court. Unless we take
this matter in to our own hands, and with hold juris-
diction of these cases from the Court of Claims,
we will find, as the Solicitor of the War Depart-
ment states, that hundreds of millions of dollars
will be required to satisfy these claims. It may
be that many of these claims should be paid, but
we cannot pay them now. They must wait.
Thpy must pass along with the events of this
war, and be adjudicated and paid when we can
more fully consider them and provide for their
payment. We cannot do it now.
There is another feature in these cases to which
1 wish to call the attention of the House. When
these claims are resolved into judgments by the
Court of Claims, Congress has no further juiis-
diction over them. If, in the case to which I
have referred, the court should render a judgment
to pay £30,000 for the negroes escaped, Congress
has no remedy but to direct its payment, under
the seventh section of the act of March 3, 1863.
After the judgment is rendered, all that is required
to enable the party to get his money from the
Treasury is to have a certified copy of the judg-
ment to present to the Secretary of the Treasury.
It may be said that Congress will have to make
an appropriation. That is true. But we must
temember that we have established this court,
confeircd upon it certain jurisdiction, authorized
it to enter judgment, and provided that that judg-
ment, when certified to the Treasury Department,
shall be paid. So that we will be put in the atti-
tude of repudiation, unless we make appropria-
tions to pay the judgments rendered by this court.
I submit to the House whether we can at this
time provide for the satisfaction of these claims,
leaving out of consideration the question as to
whether the citizen has a right to demand satisi-
faction at the hands of Government. We all
know that all of these cases against the Govern-
ment are based on a mere matter of grace, and
not as amatterof right. No citizen has the right
to demand of the Government compensation for
injuries growing out of acts of the war. The
compensation extended by the Government to the
citizen is based upon the grace of the Government,
and not upon the right of the citizen.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman let me
ask him a question ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. Do I understand him to say
that the damages sustained by individuals from
the Government itself, by the order of its gen-
erals, do not furnish a just claim against the Uni-
ted States?
Mr. WILSON. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to inform the House,
if it were not for the Court of Claims how any
citizen could suetheGovernment? If it were not
for that, how could any suit be brought against
the Government?
Mr. STEVENS. When damage was caused
by the Government, that no remedy was granted
did not afFect the right of the citizen, for that ex-
ists all the time until satisfied.
Mr. WILSON. I speak of the legal right of
citizens to demand legal satisfaction. I say it
never did existsince the first time it was declared
that the king could do no wrong.
Now, if it were not, as I have stated, for the ex-
istence of the Court of Claims, no citizen could
bring a suit against the Government. It is a mere
matter of grace. We must not forget, sir, that
the existence of the Governmentis of much more
importance to all of the citizens than the imme-
diate paymentof any claims of any portion of the
people of the country. It is not just, it is not
right that these claims should be pressed upon the
Government for adjustment and payment which
will deprive us of the means of carrying on the
war by the paymentof the Army and the other
necessary expenses of the Government. It is im-
possible that we should do it.
I am willing that the bill reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary by the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Thomas] shall be taken up and
passed, which provides for a class of cases which
should be provided for—that is, where property
has been taken for the use of the Army—where
material has been taken for the use of the quar-
termaster and the commissary departments. I
have no objection to the adjustment of those
claims. They can be adjusted under the bill re-
ported by the gentleman from Maryland. I insist
that the House should not take these two bills
together. They have no connection with each
other. One refers to the Court of Claims and the
other to the commissary of subsistence.
I therefore ask the gentleman from Maryland
not to oppose this bill because I have refused to
let this amendment come in, but to adopt the or-
der of the House for the consideration of the bill,
when I have no doubt the House will pass it. I
ask to have action on this bill at once. We must
cut off this jurisdiction, and do it speedily. We
must do it before these claims are passed by the
court. We must do it for the purpose of pro-
tecting the Treasury and to save the Government.
Regarding this as of the utmost importance, I de-
mand the previous question on the third reading
and engrossment of the bill.
Mr. THOMAS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me a moment.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. THOMAS. Mr. Speaker, if the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary had given at-
tention—perhaps it is difficult to do so—to the
proposition I have submitted for the consideration
of the House, he would have found it entirely un-
necessary to consume the time of the House by
the reading of what I must style a clamorous let-
ter from the War Department. Why, sir, there
is nothing in either of the propositions a single
one ofany character touching the rebellious States.
Not one. The propositions 1 have submitted are
