THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
, f f?
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED-BY JOHN C. KIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1864.
Nijw Series.....No'. £8.
amendment is offered with any view of defeating
the general objects of the bill itself. To show,
however, what was the disposition with which
this amendment was offered before, I will now
have read a portion of the debate which took place
on the 32th of last month when the bill was be-
fore the House. I ask for the reading ofa single
paragraph showing the temper with which the
amendment was offered and sustained at that time
by gentlemen on both sides of the Hall, who con-
curred with me in the saving of so much juris-
diction as is absolutely necessary to advance the
rights of the party havinga just claimagainstthe
Government.
Mr. BOUT WELL. Is it in order, Mr. Speaker,
to have reports of debates read here?
The SPEAKER. It can be read as part of the
gentleman's remarks.
Mr. BOUT WELL. If I have the right to ob-
ject, I do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could ob-
ject to having the proceedings of the other House
read by anybody. The gentleman from Ohio has
a right to have an extract from the debates of this
House read as part of his speech.
The Clerk read from the report of Mr. Schenck's
remarks in the Globe of January 13, as follows:
"But as to that wide extent of claims which will be
heaped up mountain high against this Government forgiound
simply trodden over, for giouivl encamped upon, for tim-
ber incidentally destroyed, for horses let loo>e, for tence^
burned, if you open the door to cases of that kind, you will
banktuptthe Treasury before you get through the war. And
I say plainly and distinctly that, although I admit the jus-
tice of many of these claims, but to a much smaller amount
and degree than applied for, we ought to postpone the con-
sideration of the whole of them, and use ail our means first
to put down the rebellion, and pay that part of the cost of it
hereafter. Believing that to be the ease. I propose to limit
the inquiry to matters of contract, where property has been
actually taken, used, and enjoyed by the Government, and
adjourn inquiry into these other questions until after the
rebellion is put down."
Mr. SCHENCK. What I said then I repeat
now: that, while I am unwilling to throw open the
door to all these classes of claims for wrongs
done, for incidental damages, I yet think we
ought, so far as is proposed by this amendment,
to save the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
and let in applications of the class described and
limited by the terms of this amendment.
Mr. WILSON. { now move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to accept a modification of his amend-
ment. I know a great number of cases where,
for want of time, the Army being in retreat or
pursuit, property was taken without vouchers
being given for it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose the gentleman
only desires to advance the public good. That
is what I desire. When I proposed to introduce
bills here the gentleman objected. I propose to
set him an example by yielding to him.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I am a
man always " tractable to any honest reason,5'
and the manners of which he complains I have
borrowed from the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.] Late one evening he pressed an im-
portantbill through the House whenalmostevery
gentleman on this side of the House was absent,
and took a gentleman off the flour to do it unex-
pectedly to us, and he refused, though it could
not affect the result, to permit us to record our
votes the next morning.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not see any impropri-
ety in my course when the House was left almost
without a quorum by the absence especially of
many of my own friends against my own remon-
strance. I gave notice that i would object to any
one of them casting a vote afterwards on the bill,
I meant it as a warning to gentlemen on the other
side. I did not want it to appear that gentlemen
were here transacting public business when they
wore not present. If it fell upon gentlemen upon
the other side it was accidental. I will say that
1 am going to set a good example to the gentle-
man. 1 think that he is going to amend this bill
for the public good, and I am willing to hear what
he has to say.
'58
Mr. WADSWORTH. We thought the gen-
tleman's objection to our voting was meant for
us and not his friends whom it is our pleasure to
watch. It is an old maxim, Save me from my
friends and I will attend to my enemies. I am
glad the little attention I have given the gentle-
man from Ohio has burnished his courtesy. I
never refuse to yield the floor in debate.
I ask the gentleman to modify his amendment.
I know a great many cases where quartermas-
ters, under the directions of the general command-
ing in the field, have taken forage, subsistence,
and many other kinds of property necessary and
proper for the Army when it was in retreator on
the march without having time to give any vouch-
ers. There were no pen and paper at hand at the
time, perhaps, and there was no time if there had
been to draw up a voucher. I ask the gentleman
to modify his amendment so as to embrace cases
of that kind. I refer to the retreat from Cumber-
land Gap of General George Morgan through my
district. The people of that country are loyal.
They brought all that they had to our Army.
They brought horses, forage, and subsistence,
and the quartermasters received them, and the
Army used the property. In many instances they
gave imperfect vouchers. In no single instance
did they give a perfect voucher. In some they
gave imperfect vouchers, and in most of the cases
none at all. What I desire is, that this class of
cases shall have the same justice as the others. 1
ask the gentleman to modify his amendment by
saying, " or where from want of time or other
cause no voucher was given."
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 am afraid to open the
door so far. This is a question to give jurisdic-
tion to the Court of Claims, and I prefer to con-
fine it to those cases where there is some paper
given by theproperauthorities,and toleave legis-
lation in regard to the other claims to be taken
care of in another bill. I cannot accept the gen-
tleman's proposition for that reason.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I wish to urge the
importance of the proposition of my colleague.
When Morgan went through my State on his
raid, a member of this House, my colleague, [Mr.
Smith,] commanded the troops which wentafter
him. Those troops took horses and other prop-
erty, and in the hurry of passing through they
could not give vouchers in all cases. In some
eases Vouchers were given; but in the majority
of the cases none were given. I am now written
to by men in my district who suffered to procure
vouchers from my colleague for property taken;
but he refuses upon the ground that he is out of
office. My colleague himself took this property,
and can testify to these facts. Yetgentleuien re-
fuse to allow these claims to be satisfied.
There were never more just claims upon the
Government. I know that some of my constitu-
ents had their property taken for the use of the
Army and that thequartermaslerswent off with-
out giving them any vouchers. They have never
been paid a cent for their property which was
taken. Will gentlemen get up and say that that
class of cases shall not be paid upon the plea that
the officers did not do their duty in not furnish-
ing vouchers for property taken? I ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio to accept the amendment of my
colleague in order that that class may be em-
braced. They are just and equitable claims, and
I trust that this House is not ready to repudiate
any part of its honest debt at this early day.
Why do you refuse to pay men upon the out-
skirts of this war, while in all other poitions of
the country y^u pay for everything you get? It
seems to me these are too just claims for gentle-
men to contend that tliey shall be laid aside to
await payment at the end of the war.
Mr. THOMAS. Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. ScutNtiK] allow me a single moment?
Mr. SCHENCK. Ceitamly.
Mr. THOMAS. We of the borderStates most
cordially thank the gentleman from Ohio for the
motion he has made to amend this bill. If the
bill reported by the chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary be passed—which God forbid—
an4 the amendments I have proposed be rejected
by this House, yet we will not be left altogether
in an unprotected condition-, because, under the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,.we will
have yet open one tribunal to which our constit-
uents may appeal for justice. EutI respectfully
call the attention of the gentleman from Ohife to
the fact that the cases of the character which he
proposes to provide for are very numerous, and
range in amount from live dollars to five thousand.
It will be readily perceived, therefore, that if they
are to go before one tribunal, like that of the Court
of Claims, there will be a physical impossibility
to render judgment in all those numerous cases
within any reasonable period of time.
Again, the gentleman will reflect that if the
Court of Claims is to have jurisdiction of these
cases, no claim agents can appear there; none can
appear but educated lawyers who have some
knowledge of special pleadings and of the forms
of proceedings used in that court, and who gener-
ally sell their knowledgeata very large premium.
The gentleman will perceive, therefore, that be
will add enormously to the costs of these claim-
ants if, instead of the ordinary channels of the
Quartermaster General's office, and the office of
the commissary of subsistence, these claimants
have to appear before the Court of Claims.
If we who represent these claims more partic-
ularly—and I hope we have not reached that
period of time in our history when we have not
all a fellow-feeling, coextensive at least with the
border States, and comprehending in our sympa-
thy every man within the jurisdiction of the
Government who sincerely acknowledges his
loyalty—I say if we are to be denied the remedy
I have propose'd, the remedy offered by the gen-
tleman from Ohio is certainly better than nothing.
Under it we would get our claims through in the
course of years.- Those claims are probably five
thousand in number, and take a wide range in
amount. I hope the House will not on this oc-
casion come to the same determination reached
by the Judiciary Committee. I shall vote for
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, but
I shall vote against the bill as amended, unless
we can also have the amendment I have pro-
posed. I hope that if the House comes to the
conclusion that they will repeal the law which
gives jurisdiction to the Court of Claims, they
will substitute for it the officers in the Treasury
Department in the manner proposed by my
amendment.
I conclude my remarks by asking the gentleman
from Ohio to move my amendment as a part of
his amendment, so as to give the House an op-
portunity to vote upon them all seriatim.
Mr. SCHENCK. I prefer not to do that, and
I will state briefly why.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask the gentleman to
allow me a few moments.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. BOUTWELL. It seems to me that the
House can come to a safe determination upon
these various propositions. House bill No. 66
was reported from the Judiciary Committee, and,
1 believe, with unanimity. It takes from the
Court of Claims jurisdiction of any claim against
the United States growing out of the destiuction
of property, or for damages to property, by the
Army or Navy. The committee thought it neces-
sary to do this in order to save the Government
from the appearance of the recognition of claims
which, whether just or not, we are not in a con-
dition to meet. We thought it necessary to relieve
the Treasury from all claims actual or possible in
present circumstances, growing out of the inci-
dents of a condition of war. That is exactly what
is proposed by the first part of the bill reported by
the committee.
Now, the gentleman from Ohio proposes to ex-
cept from that exclusion all claims for damage or
destruction of property sounding in contract. I
do not know how clear may be the distinction in
Ohio between actions sounding in contract and in
tort; but in Massachusetts, where we have, by
the judgment of this side of the House, some very
