914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
good lawyers of the second class, and by the judg-
ment of the other side of the House .lawyers of the
first class, it is not settled either by the bar or the
bench that it can in all cases be decided whether
an action sounds in contract or tort. And hence
we have a provision of law that a cause may be
tried without knowing whether it be an action on
contract or in tort.
■ Now, it is proposed to authorize the Court of
Claims to investigate claims presented, and ascer-
tain,in the first place, whether the action sounds
in contract or in tort, and if it sounds in contract,
to proceed to adjudicate it and tax the Treasury
of«he country with the amount allowed.
It happened to be my fortune to serve upon a
military commission at'Cairo for five or six weeks
in the summer of 1862, and we had presented to
us from the States of Missouri, Kentucky, and
Illinois more than sixteen hundred claims against
this Government.
I submit that this is not the time to leave to the
Court of Claims jurisdiction in these matters. 1
am, therefore, in favor of the bill and opposed to
the amendmentof the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.]
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr.Thomas]
asks that a bill reported by him from the Judiciary
Committee shall be adopted as an amendment to
this bill. I think it was the understanding of the
Committee on the Judiciary that the first bill, the
one reported by the chairman of the committee,
should be acted upon separately, and the gentle-
man from Maiyland had assurances of the sup-
port of the committee to his bill, but not as an
amendment. This being a different bill, and upon
a different subject, it seemed to the committee,
proper that the judgmpnt of the House should be
taken on each question as a separate proposition.
While, therefore, theCommitteeontheJudiciary
are ready to sustain the bill reported from the
committee by the gentleman from Maryland, 1
think it ought not to be offered as an amendment
to the bill reported by the chairman of the com-
mittee.
I will say further tlmt the bill reported by the
gentleman from Maryland covers all the cases
that ought to be covered. If any person in this
country has furnished subsistence to the Army,
either to the quartei master's department or the
department of the Commissary General, he is to
be paid in the ordinary way, and we go behind
the ordinary vouchers. The officers of the Gov-
ernment are instructed by the bill, if it becomes
a Jaw, to investigate to the foundation the justice
of these claims and to pay them, and the constit-
uents of the gentleman from Maryland and the
constituents of all the gentlemen from the border
States will receive pay fur all that they have fur-
nished to the Army of the country, either in the
commissary or in the quartermaster's department,
and that is all they ought to ask.
Now, what I say is,first,that in my judgment
the House should reject the amendment submitted
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. SchenckJ and
the amendments submitted by the gentleman fiom
Maryland, [Mr. Thomas,] and that it should pass
the bill reported by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on (he Judiciary first, and then, when the bill
reported from the Judiciary Committee by the
gentleman from Maryland, and which he offers as
an amendment to this bill, to which, in my judg-
ment, it is not germane, comes up, we can'pass
that bill giving to every person who has furnished
supplies to the Army compensation under the law.
Mr. WILSON. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] why per-
sons holding such certificates as are described in
his amendment cannot now receive from the Gov-
ernment the amounts which their certificates show
to be due?
Mr. SCHENCK. There is frequently infor-
mality m the papers.
iMr. WILSON. The gentleman says then, in
effect, that the evidence of the certificates is not
sufficient to support the claims before the several
Departments of the Government; but he proposes
to refer these claims to the Court of Claims, for
the purpose of having judgment rendered against
the Government upon evidence which is not suf-
ficient to support the claims before the Depart-
ments. That is the effect of it, and I therefore
hope the House will not concur in the views of
the gentleman from Ohio, and will vote down his
amendment.
Mr. SCHENCIi. I am inclined to think that
I occupy a sort of golden mean between the ob-
jections made upon the one side and the other,
and therefore I am perhaps nearly right,
1 had not intended to be drawn into any dis-
cussion of this bill, but the inquiries that have
been made by gentlemen upon the other side of
the House, and the suggestions which have been
made in regard to modifications of the amend-
ment which I have offered, make it proper for
me perhaps to say this much: I am as much im-
pressed as the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Clay] who last occupied the floor can be with
the necessity, at some time, of considering the
vast amount of just claims originating in this war
upon the part of citizens against the Government.
I believe, as he does and as the gentleman from
Maryland does, that there are, especially in the
border States, a great number of cases of much
hardship, cases where property has been de-
stroyed, where property has been necessarily
taken, and families left destitute and thrown on
the charities of the world, without the Govern-
ment having given, as yet, any compensation.
But, without any further argument on that point,
I say again that such is the present condition of
the country, so far as these claims are of the char-
acter of incidental damages, so far as they are
consequential to the war, so far as they are un-
sustained by any of that clear, decisive form of
proof which makes it safe and proper to give ju-
risdiction of inquiry into the merits of the case to
the courts of the country, I feel it necessary that
jurisdiction of the cases should, for the present at
least, be withheld.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] has
alluded, as a reason why I should have accepted
the amendment of his colleague, [Mr. Wads-
worth,] to the circumstances that attended the
Morgan raid. Property was taken for which,in
the hurry, no voucher of any kind was given, and
yet that property was applied to the use of the
Government. I know that that is not only true
as to the State of Kentucky, but is also true—to
some extent, but not so far—in regard to the raid
which took place in my own State. Very often
both parties were in such hurry that they took
very little time to consider what they did or how
it had been done.
I have limited my amendment to the terms in
which it is worded for the reason that I wished to
take care not to open the door too wide. The
bill, as reported from the Judiciary Committee,
takes away jurisdiction entirely from the Court
of Claims. I wish to save it so far as I think it
should be saved. I am not willing to open the
door to the extent to which gentlemen on the other
side would like me to, by modifying my amend-
ment according to their views. But I am equally
sure that I do not dangerously open the door not-
withstanding what has been urged against my
amendment by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Eoutwell.] He says it is impossible to
distinguish between claims sounding m contract
and those which partake of the character of tort.
He has not listened carefully to my amendment.
The words "sounding in contract" are by no
means the only limitation of the grant of jurisdic-
tion. They are to be cases sounding in contract
for food, or forage, or property actually taken for
the use of the Government, and with some cer-
tificate or evidence in writing given by the officer
authorized by the laws of the United States to
take the property. All these limitations on the
grant of jurisdiction are extended over the cases,
making it very different from what it would be,
and very much more limited than it would be, if
it simply said that all cases sounding in contract
should be considered by the court. Repeating,
sir, that perhaps I have struck what is about the
safest medium course to be pursued in regard to
limiting the jurisdiction of the court, I renew the
demand for the previous question,
Mr. BRANDEGEE called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. THOMAS. I now propose to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio by sub-
stituting for it the proposition which I have the
honor to submit to the House. I signified before
that the Judiciary Committee—I hope I am not
trespassing on any rule by stating what trans-
pired in that respect—after full examination of
the whole subject, came to the conclusion that it
would report a bill taking away from the Court
of Claims a right to exercise jurisdiction in these
cases. At the same time the'Judiciary Commit-
tee sanctioned a bill authorizing the payment by
the accounting officers of the Treasury of all
claims growing out of the appropriation of prop-
erty for the use of the Army. The two bills,
therefore, proceed on an entirely different theory.
The bill reported from the Judiciary Committee
and the bill which I propose do not conflict. They
proceed entirely on the supposition that the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury are better quali-
fied to adjust these cases than the Court of Claims.
Now, the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] proposes to continue the
Court of Claims as the tribunal to try and determ-
ine these claims—to allow them a limited juris-
diction. He would deprive the court of jurisdic-
tion in all cases of damage, and allow jurisdiction
in all cases sounding in contract. I stand in this
dilemma, and 1 presume that the Committee on
the Judiciary will coincide with me in this. I
cannot vote for the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio ; for if adopted it will give an imper-
fect remedy for these wrongs. It will leave the
jurisdiction in a tribunal incompetent to discharge
it. It will confer power upon the Court of Claims
to examine into all of these claims ranging, as I
have said before, from fire to five thousand dol-
lars and thousands in number. They are to be
brought before the Court of Claims to be disposed
of one after another; and I will not be extrava-
gant in saying that they will occupy that court
for the next twenty-five years. In the mean time
nearly the whole amount will be absorbed by the
lawyers who are pressing the claims before this
tribunal. At each new trial a new fee is to be
asked. In the course of twenty-five years the
Government will not be relieved, for ultimately the
Government will pay every dollar of these debts
—not to those who have suffered, but to the law-
yers who have been presenting these claims.
It is because I am anxious to see these parties
who have lost this property paid nowand paidthe
whole amount without delay, that I am opposed
to the proposition ofthe chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary [Mr. Wilson] even when
amended as proposed by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck,] and I propose, if the House will
rcject that amendment, to offer a substitute upon
a different theory and for a tribunal which, in my
judgment—buteach gentleman willjudge for him-
self—is the very best that we can have. I propose
thatevery claim shall be made before theCluarter-
master General, and that where he discovers neg-
ligence or ignorance on the part of officers in foil-
ing to give proper vouchers he shall be at liberty
to inquire into the claim, and then if satisfied that
the claim is a just one for property taken for the
public use he shall thereupon send it to the Third
Auditor for payment. 1 propose, also, that the
Commissary General shall take charge of all cases
in his department.
I make the proposition upon the ground that
these claims can be prosecuted in the quartermas-
ter and commissary departments without much
loss. There will be no lawyer required. Any
claims agent is competent to press them, even
though lie has not been educated to the techni-
cality ofthe law. His charges will be moderate.
Besides all of that there will be more expedition,
because we know the head of a bureau does not
ill practice undertake to inquire into the details of
every case, but leaves that to be done by some sub-
ordinate in whom he confides, reserving to himself
the final judgment. The Quartermaster Genera],
then, we may presume, will rapidly go through
with all of these cases. Some will be adopted,
and others will be rejected. The party who has
suffered,and not the'lawyers, will be paid. It is
not for the lawyers who will clamor for this and
take every cent, but for the people who have been
wronged, that I am advocating the measures I
have presented to the House.
Again, Mr. Speaker, the amendmentof the gen-
tleman from Ohio falls short of the second prop-
osition I propose to offer to the House. These
claims are not mixed up; they are not confused;
they are not conglomerated; they are lumin-
ously distributed, so that the members of the
House may vote for whatever class they desire.
The additional proposition I shall ask to submit
contemplates not the creation of a tribunal, but of
a commissioner, like a commissioner in chancery,
