1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to cull and collate the facts. After the collection
of the evidence one claim out of five hundred may
not be paid. This testimony arranged in lumin-
ous order is to go before a future Congress. The
probability is that the duty cannot be performed
in less than two or three years. The testimony
will be voluminous; and it is to be prepared and
submitted to Congress for final determination at
a future day.
Let me pause here to say that the majority of
the House do not mean that the border States
should lose both classes of claims. They are will-
ing to delay those sounding in damages. It can-
not be that the Representatives of a free people
are willing that these people shall lose both classes
of claims against the Government of'the United
States for the damage inflicted upon them.
My propositions are therefore in such form as
to elicit the opinions of the House, separate and
distinct, and not in a confused manner. The
second and third amendments I have moved cover
the first class of claims. It would be a great re-
lief to those persons if these claims could be paid.
Wily, sir, it seems amazing to me that any man
could find himself at the head of a regiment as a
colonel and make out such papers as I have been
compelled to pore over times almost withoutnum-
bei\ A large number of these claims have been
certified to by a board of survey. Two or three
officers have been detailed for the purpose of
making the survey, and in these boards of survey
they have conglomerated almost all kinds of ma-
terials. They have assessed mattersof damage,
and at the same time have estimated the value of
property taken. Well, when such a voucher as
that is presented to the Department, the Quarter-
master of course ignores it, as there is a regula-
tion of the War Department which forbids the
payment of damages in any case. The officers
point to the orders of the War Department which
torbid thepaymentof vouchers for property which
has been taken for the Army unless it is certified
to by the officers who took the property that it
was so taken, and unless the officer has also tnade
a report ot the fact to the War Department and
charged himself with the property. Now, these
vouchers are defective in the manner I have des-
ignated, and the remedy is in the Quartermaster
General and Commissary of Subsistence, who
may go beyond the certificate, and who shall not
take advantage of the wrong of the Government
officer. The remedy is in their taking up the
subjcct de novo, and receiving evidence that the
property was taken and applied to the use of the
Army.
In no case and under no circumstances do I pro-
pose in any amendment to come within the pur-
view of that letter from the Solicitor of the War
Department. There is not one word in the amend-
ment I propose which contemplates taking juris-
diction over any claim, either for property taken
or damage done inside of the insurrectionary
States. I contemplate no such measure. When-
« ever we of the border States come before Congress
asking only to be paid forour property taken, and
express our willingness to postpone all controver-
sies in relation to the payment of damages done
by the armies of the United States, it strikes me
we present ourselves ina form and aftera fashion
which will meet the approbation of a large ma-
jority of the members of Congress.
I conclude by moving to strike out the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, and substituting
for it the amendment which I have indicated.
Mr. WILSON. I rise to a point of order. It
is that the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Maryland is not germane to the bill. The
bill relates to the Court of Claims and its juris-
diction, while the amendment relates to the Quar-
termaster Genera! and his duties.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that he
would be inclined to sustain the point of order if
the gentleman from Iowa had raised it in time.
The gentleman from Maryland introduced his
proposition and debated itat some length without
objection being made, and therefore the Chair
thinks it is too late to raise the question of order,
although the Chair thinks theamendmentis hardly
germane to the bill.
Mr. KING. I desire, as a member of the Ju-
diciary Committee, to submit a few remarks upon
this subject. I fully concur in the bill reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary relative to ,
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, because
I can see that without this legislation very great
wrong may perhaps be done to the Government.
On the other hand, I see that it may so induce
delay in regard to just claims for unliquidated
damages to have such cases liquidated by that
court, that it will almost amount to a party giv-
ing up his claim. Therefore I desire to see some
more expeditious remedy established, by which
parties who have just claims may have them ad-
judicated. But Iobjectto the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] for
the reason that in my opinion it will not embrace
the hard cases which exist in the country grow-
ing out of the operations of the war. He makes
the adjudication depend upon a contract, and that
contract evidenced by some kind of writing by
which it may be known that there was a contract
existing. But there are a great many claims in
which that character of evidence could not be,
and cannot be, produced. And here I will ask
by whose fault, by whose act or conduct, or neg-
lect, has it become necessary that we should have
any legislation upon this subject? A necessity
for legislation is admitted upon all hands, and I
ask—and we ought to settle the question in this
House—whose fault is it that there is a necessity
for legislation?
Was it the fault of the farmer that when the
military authorities came along and tookhiscorn,
his bacon, his horses, his beef cattle, and his stock
of every kind, the proper officer—the quartermas-
ter or commissary—did not discharge his duty by
giving him proper and legal vouchers which no
one could controvert? If the officers of the Gov-
ernment had done their duty there would have
been 110 occasion for these claimants to have come
before the House. The officers of the Govern-
ment neglected their duty. Sometimes they gave
those from whom they obtained supplies a little
slip of paper, which they knew very well would
not operate as a voucher. But the plain, hon-
est countryman supposed when he received a
little piece of writing from a military officer that
that was all that was needed to enable him to re-
ceive his pay. I have seen a number of such
cases. And when these farmers who had fur-
nished supplies went to the quartermaster's de-
partment and the commissary department they
were told that, although there was no doubt they
had furnished the supplies, the papers they held
were not legal vouchers, i have known many
such cases; and have had my pockets full of such
papers, and have had to aid men in hunting up the
proper officers to get the proper vouchers. I
have known many men to abandon their claims,
because they could not find a quartermaster or a
commissary or the proper officer to furnish them
with proper certificates. Why,sir, when aman
gets a quartermaster's voucherall properly made
out, he has to have a certain certificate put upon
it, and then it has to be presented to the officer in
command of the post, the department, orthe regi-
ment, as the case may be, and he must indorse
his approval upon it. Now, if the officers of the
Government had discharged their duty properly
these people would only have had to present their
vouchers to the paymaster's department, and get
their money. Does it make the claim of these
men any worse, or weaken the obligation of the
Government to pay for property which has been :
furnished for the use of the Government, that some ;
military officer of the Government, through igno- }
ranee or negligence, has not done his duty ? The j
fault is not in the remotest degree with the men !
who have furnished the Government with sup- !
plies. i
The claims presented underthis bill will have to i
go through the quartermaster's department or the j
commissary department, or some one of the Gov- \
eminent departments, and unless the department j
is satisfied that the claims are just the men will ,
get 110 pay. All we want is an opportunity to |
present our claims. Why, sir, I know of cases j
in which the quartermasters, whose duty it was ;
to give certificates to the men from whom supplies ^
have been obtained, and without which certifi- j
cates themen cannot get their pay underthe pres- j
ent regulations, are dead or have moved away, 1
and we do not know where they are; and yet we ;
have positive evidence that would satisfy any court j
and jury in the country that the claims are just j
and honest. All we want is an opportunity to ;
present them. |
In reference to the other branch of the proposi- 1
tion of the gentleman {iota Maryland; there is
justice in that also. I "was struck with the force
of a remark made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] when he asked if-there
was not an obligation upon the part of the Gov-
ernment to pay damages for property destroyed
or taken for the use or benefit of the Government
—destroyed sometimes with a view to deprive the
enemy of the power of making use of it to annoy
and injure us, and bring destruction upon our
forces. There is a moral and a legal obligation
on the Government to do it. It is true that we
may not have the means ready, but the obligation
unquestionably exists, and the question is now-
presented to the House whether or not we will
recognize thre obligation of the Government by
our legislation here. We do not propose any
appropriation for this class of cases. It is cer-
tainly a very slow process by which to obtain our
just rights, but we are willing to submit to it.
Sir, hundreds of claims are pressing themselves
upon the border State members here every day.
Our tables are loaded down with letters from our
constituents setting forth the most outrageous
wrongs that they have Suffered at the hands of the
Government. Wedonotproposeto takeupeach
case and ask appropriations which would amount
to millions and millions of dollars. We do not
ask any such thing, because Congress may do
wrong sometimes as well as do right. Congress
cannot investigate these cases.
What then do we propose? We propose that
the President shall appoint acommission, with a
solicitor learned in the law, who shall protect the
interests of the Government, and who shall give
notice to claimants to come forward and make
proofof their claims. The commission shall cer-
tify all the facts connected with the claims to the
Secretary of War, who will lay them before Con-
gress. For what? There is no obligation on
Congress to appropriate money to pay them. Is
there anything wrong in that? Is this House
afraid to leave the matter to the decision of future
Congresses? The people will lose confidencein the
Government if the House showany such feeling.
Then there is a provision in this bill that un-
less claims are presented within three years after
opportunity is had for their presentation, they
shall be forever barred. I do not want them to
go on for an interminable length of time. Three
years is long pnough for these claimants to have.
We want the evidence of their claims as perpet-
uating testimony. Let them have the means of
perpetuating the testimony legally, even though
the claims may not be paid for the next twenty-
five years to come. The Government cannot be
harmed by that. If Congress do not choose to
make appropriations to pay the claims, still the
testimony will stand as a perpetual memento of
the claimants' rights. The loyalty of the claim-
ants will also be inquired into and reported upon.
I know that a bill has been reported by the
Committee of Claims which substantially em-
braces the same cases as the amendment offered
by thegentleman from Maryland, [Mr.Thomas,]
and I am informed that it contains a provision by
which the loyalty of the claimant is to be tested,
1 do not advocate the payment of disloyal men
for any property which may have been destroyed,
or which they may have lost through their own
fault. In civil wars like this the good have to
suffer with the bad. We only ask that the right
of loyal men to compensation for property taken
for the use of the Army may be acknowledged.
The people of the northern States have been
prospering during this war, while we of the bor-
der States have been laboring under a cloud of
troubles and difficulties. If I undertook to recount
them they would startle gentlemen and almost
make them incredulous. Let us, at least, have
our just rights recognized by the Government.
Let us have those commission's organized. There
can be no good objection to the adoption of the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Mary-
land. I fully concur in the propriety of taking
this jurisdiction from the Court of Claims; but,
atthesa*rie time I ask, on behalf of the people of
my district, on behalf of the people of Missoim,
that they shall have an opportunity of perpetu-
ating the testimony of their claims. We will wait
patiently if we see a disposition on the part of the •
Governmentto do justice; but we will necessarily
grow impatient if, on the other hand, we see that
our claims ore to be ignored and disregarded.
