1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by steamboat. Your Army, therefore, in travel-
ing through that country subsisted upon the coun-
try, and our citizens gladly met them and gave
them all they had to give. And now gentlemen
have the heartlessness to talk about procrastina-
ting thepaymentof those men. Well, gentlemen,
if this were not my Government, and if I were
not a member of Congress, I would scorn the
Government that would do such a thing.
Mr. Speaker, we cannot stand this. Did the
Speaker ever preside in a case of equity in a chan-
cery court? I tell you, gentlemen, that this mat-
ter would not bear the test there. We pay our
taxes; we have furnished our quota of men; we
have been at Fort Donelson, at Yicksburg; we
have been at Shiloh and at Mill Springs, at Stone
river and Chickamauga; everywhere Kentucky
blood has been poured forth for the country; and
yet gentlemen from the North are disposed now
to dispute our equitable claims against the Gov-
ernment. You of the North have not suffered
these misfortunes. We have; and yet we have
met the demands of the Government upon us for
troops, for arms, and' fdr everything; we have
met this crisis in a manner, considering the cir-
cumstances which have surrounded us, in which
no people in the history of the world have met a
similar crisis. I say that for the border States.
While you of the North have received pay for
everythingyou havefurnished to the Government,
and while you have done no more than we have
done for its maintenance, I ask you where is the
equity or justice of postponing the claims of the
border States until some future period, when every-
body else is paid? Itisnotjust. Neitherjustice,
nor equity, nor fair dealing will sanction any such
action on the part of the Congress of the United
States, or any other body.
Mr. Speaker, let me ask you is it the enormity
of the debt which induces gentlemen to propose
procrastination? Is that it? Why, gentlemen,
that is an argument upon the other side of the
question. If the Government owes the border
States so much money, and expects them to con-
tinue to sustain the Government and to meet all
its demands, ought you not to pay off your in-
debtedness to the people of those States, so as to
enable them to stand upon an equality with the
other States and to discharge their duty to the
Government?
Gentlemen have intimated in their arguments
that the Government will soon reach a period
when this procrastination will be necessary.
Well, gentlemen, if that period does come, I ask
you who ought to bear that procrastination?
Ought the borderStates? Have they notalready
borne the heatand burden of the day? Have they
not had an enemy on both sides, or, rather, two
armies upon them all the time? They have had the
subsistence of two armies, one or the other, upon
them all the time, and frequently both at the same
time. We ask nothing for the rebels—for what
has been furnished to the rebel army. We are
losers to that extent; but when we feed and sub-
sist our own Army we do trust that our Congress
will not repudiate our claims.
When Mitchell got to Bowling Green, the even-
ing was inclement and ourarmy occupied one side
of the public square, and that night they burned
down half of that side of the public, square by
accident. The secessionists had burned the other
half of our public square before they left, and in
Mumfoidsville and other towns the condition of
things was almost as bad. We ask nothing for all
these things. All we ask is an opportunity to
present our claims in due form according to law,
so that we may reach the equity of the case and
see whether we shall have pay for our horses,
our cattle, our flour, our corn, our pork, our ba-
con, and all that can subsist men or animals.
I did not wish, Mr. Speaker, under the pecu-
liar relations which my constituents bear to the
rebellion, to permit the question to pass over with-
out announcing some of those indubitable telling
faeisto the House. My constituents will adhere
to their banner. They will remain true and loyal
Kentuckians, woithy of'the history of the State,
whether their claims be allowed or not. But I
trust in the sense of justice of this body that those
claims will be neither rejected nor postponed.
I ask attention now to the particular character
of these claims, if, m the progress of our Army,
a man was found wealthy enough to supply all
the subsistence needed, it would be an easy thing
for him to present his claim, because theamount
would be large. It would be such an amount as
the officers and the claimant and Congress would
take proper notice of. But here are thousands
of poor people, including widows, who have at'
best only a pittance, and who in furnishing sup-
plies have been compelled to give all they had,
leaving themselves sometimes without means ti>
get in another crop. They have claims for fifty,
one hundred, one hundred and fifty, or two hun-
dred dollars against the Government. How arfe
their claims to be liquidated and paid ? Can they
come to Washington for that purpose? The ex-
penses of an agent would exhaust their means;
and for my part I would advise all persons rather
to renounce their claims and tear up their vouch-
ers than seek to have them allowed in that way.
Unless Congress pass a law that wilt meet these
cases the rich claimants will be paid and the poor
claimants left unpaid. Those who would be un*
able to prosecute their claims constitute more than
two thirds oftheclaimants. I believe, Mr. Speak-
er, that this plain statement of facts will not be
without its effect on the House, and I humbly
trust and hope that the House will act in such a
manner as to do justice to all.
Mr. DUMONT. Mr. Speaker, this is a very
important measure, indeed; and I am exceedingly
sorry that the propositions are not separated. If
the Court of Claims hasundertaken to take juris-
dietion of claims growings out of this war, it af-
fords sufficient reason why the original bill should
pass. In the first place the claims are so numerous
that the court could not possibly get along with
its business. It would be beyond the scope of
human power to adjudicate on such a vast number
of claims as would be presented to the court. The
windows of heaven would be opened and the
fountains of the great deep broken up. Then it
would rain forty days and forty nights. Why,
sir, it is perfectly preposterous to talk about it.
Anybody who has a just conception of this
matter can see that it is physically and mentally
impossible. Therefore it is that I say I wish
the propositions were separated.
I am not opposed, Mr. Speaker, to the propo-
sition offered by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Thomas,] if I understand it. I am not op-
posed to it in the abstract, but I am opposed to it
in the concrete. I am opposed to it in tne attitude
in which it presents itself at the present time. It
is a long bill, with twenty or thirty different
propositions, and yet it comes before the House
simply as an amendment, without having under-
gone the ordeal of examination by a committee.
I have great confidence in the distinguished gen-
tleman from Maryland, not only in his intelli-
gence, but also in his integrity and his wish to do
right in regard to this thing. Such, too, is the
feeling entertained by the whole House toward
that distinguished gentleman. But suppose his
amendment stood here as an original bill—which
it in fact is—is there a single gentleman on this
floor who would be willing to act upon it with-
out its reference to a committee? How does it
alter the case that it stands as a mere amend-
ment ? It gives it an advantage to which it isnot
entitled, and that is the only way that it alters the
case. It alters it not in any proper sense of the
term.
Now, a word in regard to the proposition of the
chairman of the Military Committee. I acknowl-
edge that he has had great experience in these
mstteis. He has'been connected with the military
operations of the Government since the beginning
of the war. For judgment there is no gentleman
upon this floor in whose opinion I have greater
confidence than in that of the distinguished chair-
man of the Military Committee. But I have no
opinion whatever of this particular thing; that is,
no <*ood opinion. He wants to give jurisdiction
to the Court of Claims, and the limitation which
he proposes to place upon its jurisdiction is one
which, in my judgment, has ho correctness, no
justice, no souud principle whatever. He says
he would limit the jurisdiction of the court to mat-
ters growing out of contract. He would exclude
from their consideration altogether everything
having a foundation in tort.
Now, let us illustrate that proposition. General
Morgan, the thief Morgan, the robber Morgan,
the bandit Morgan, passed through our State, and
also through the State of the gentleman from Ohio,
lie passed through counties adjacent to the Ohio
river, with the gallant troops from Kentuekyand
Indiana hot upon his heels. That gallant and
glorious man from " the dark andbloody ground,"
Colonel Woalford, followed on ■with his troops;
They were necessarily compelled to eat arid dririfc,;
their horses were compelled to eat and' drink, as;
they pursued this robber band. They were bound*
to have corn and forage; they were bound to have
subsistence for their men. Sometimes theygave1
vouchers, and sometimes they did^rieVbeeaiiaki
they had no time for such things. • '
Now, I want to know'ifit is equitable for tfciw
Government to refuse to pay the roan who gave
his hay, his corn, his bacon, and his ftour freelyv
but failed to get his: vouchers, and' at the'same'
time pay his neighbor, who was so fortunate as
to get a voucher.
But let us view the matter in another light.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. ScHEsciJwould
exclude everything growing out of tort—every-
thing not founded in contract. Thisimanpassid;
through these border counties of Indiana and"
Ohio, adjoining the Ohio river, as 1 stated', fetid
those who were so fortunate as to get theirvotrcjr-1
ersare to get their pay before the Courtof Claims:
Right upon the heels of these guerrillas are oar
troops in pursuit. The gunboats of Uncle Sant
passed up the Ohio river burning every flat-boat
and every description of river craft on the Ohio
that could possibly be used by the enemy to en-
able John Morgan to get across the river.
The little town ofVevay, in the county of Swit-
zerland, the town in which I was bom—though t
have not been in it for a number of years—that
town represented by the honorable gentleman now
before me, had at its wharf half a dozen flat-boats,
coal-boats, and other craft, laden with corn, iiay,
and other produce, which were reduced to ashes
in the twinkling of an eye by these gunboats of
Uncle Sam. They, the owners, were loyal men,
who lived in that town and' county, citizens of a
Stateasloyalasany State in this Union; am! what,
I ask, isthe reason that the ownerof this property,
corn, hay, and potatoes, who hadliis property
reduced to ashes on board these boats, has not atf
just a claim againstthe Government as if his prop-
erty had been sold to the Government amMie hritl
received a voucher for it ?
Then the proposition of the gentleman is simply
an absurdity. But my objection to it would still
apply if it were not absurd, for I am not willing
to give this Court of Claims jurisdiction of this
subject at all. But my objection isnot a distrust
of the court. I know, Mr. Speaker, there are a
great many unjust claims; they are as numerous
as the stars. I had a little demonstration of it one
morning at the city of Nashville. An old lady
owning a farm in the neighborhood of that city;
who had a son in the rebel army with the com-
mission of captain in his pocket, but who had ad-
vertised in the Nashville papers for blood-hounds
to run down the Yankee soldiers, this old lady
presented to me one morning a claim of $30,000
for thirty Cashmere goatswhieh one of my com-
panies had eaten for breakfast, and a very poor
breakfast at that. [Laughter.] Nor was ita very
good day for goats either.
Now, the distinguished gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Grider] talks about the loyalty of his
constituents, and I believe that they are about as
loyal as the constituents of any gentleman now
on this floor from the State of Kentucky. Gen-
tlemen may laugh; but I intend no slur or insin-
uation. I have stood by Kentuckians as Ken-
tuckians have stood by me. In days that tried
men's souls, when the tomahawk and sealping-
kniffi were felt along the northern frontier, the
noble Kentuckians came to our relief, and Ken-
tuckians and Indianians stood side by side and
shoulder to shoulder in those bloody strifes. They
are gone, but as our fathers stood side by side so
let their children stand.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have been in the gentleman's
district, and I have been there for months. 1 saw
Ihe conflagration to which he has referred. He
lives in or near the town of Bowling Green, in
Kentucky. He says that the rebels burned 0116
half of the town and that the Union soldiers
burned the other half. Let me tell him that the
latter was mainly the continuation of the confla-
gration begun bv the rebels. The gentleman says
that he represents a loyal constituency. I believe
this to be true, and also have no doubt that he is
himself a loyal man. But that conflagration was
