922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. FOSTER. Never.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Michigan
will bear in mind that they have no claim in law,
the only claim they can have is through the dip-
lomatic representatives of their Government, and
it is presented precisely as this was to our Gov-
ernment here. Of course, the satisfaction of the
claim in the mode now proposed disposes of it
forever.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
BRITISH PHESESST TO A SHIPMASTER.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 now ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the joint resolution
(No-. 29) reported from the Committee on Foreign
Relations. I think it will not occupy any time.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 29) giving the assent of Congress
to the acceptance of a watch from the British
Privy Council of Trade by the master of the
American schooner Highlander was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, anxl was read the third time,and
passed,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the title of the resolution.
Mr. FOSTER. I am inclined to think that
there is no necessity for this resolution. This
vessel, I believe, is a private vessel, not a public
vessel of the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a message from the
President of the United States particularly pro-
posing it and transmitting the correspondence be-
tween the Department of State and Lord Lyons
on the subject. Here is the message of the Pres-
ident:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
f transmit to Congress the copy of a correspondence which
bas recently taken place between her Britannic Majesty's
minister accredited to this Government and the Secretary
of State, in order that the cxpcdicncy of sanctioning the
acceptance by the master of the American schooner High-
lander of a present of a watch which the lords of the com-
mittee of her Majesty's Privy Council for trade propose to
present to him, in recognition of services rendered by him
to the crew of the Biitish vessel Pearl, may be taken into
consideration.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, February 23, 1864.
Then follows a letter from Lord Lyons to Mr.
Seward :
Washington, February 15, 1864.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit to you herewith a copy
of a dispatch addressed by order of the lords of the com-
mittee of her Majesty's Pi ivy Council lor tiade to licr Ma-
jesty's consul at Now York, requeuing him to ascertain
whether there would be any objection on the part of the
United States Government to the receipt by the master of
the American schooncr Highlander of a present of a watch
which their lordships* pioposc to present to him m recogni-
tion of services rendeied by him to the crew of the lhitish
vessel Pearl.
/ beg of you to bo so good as to submit this matter to the
pi oper authority for decision, and to inform me of the re-
sult, in order that it may be communicated to the Boaid of
Trade.
I have the honor to he, with the highest consideration,
sir, your most obedient, humble servant,
LYONS.
Hon. William II. Seward, ,$c.
Then follows a letter from the Board of Trade
addressed to her Majesty's consul at New York;
and next is Mr. Seward's reply under date of
Washington, February 20, 1864, in which, after
setting forth the application of Lord Lyons, he
says:
'• In ieply I have the honor to state that by the Constitu-
tion of the United States, as your louMiip is doubtlessly
aware, the power to give the required permission in such
ease? is exclusively vested m Congress; nnd that a copy of
your note and of its accompaniment, together with a copy
of tins reply, will accordingly be submitted for the consid-
eration of that body."
These are the facts.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, my impressiun
still is that the Highlander is a private vessel, a
merchant vessel of the United States, not a pub-
lic vessel. That is my belief; and the difficulty
as to accepting such presents only applies to per-
sons holding an office of profit or trust underthe
United States. The prohibition is in the ninth
section of the first article of the Constitution, and
the provision is this:
" No title of nobility ?hall be gtnntrd by the United State?:
and no person holding any office of profit or trust under
them, shall, without the consent of the Congress, accept of
any present, emolument, office, or title, of any kind what-
ever, fiom any king, prince, or foreign State."
It is only in regard to persons who hold uan
office of profit or trust under the United States."
A private citizen—and the commander of a mer-
chant vessel is but a private citizen-—may receive
any gift which any foreign Government may think
proper to make for meritorious services, or with-
out any other'cause than their special like for the
individual. I do not think there is any necessity
for the joint resolution at all.
Mr. SUMNER. It can do no hurt, however.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed. If we
embark in this kind of legislation without any
necessity for it, there is no telling where it will
end. I notice by the newspapers that three gen-
tlemen in New York have just received presents
and been knighted, I believe, by the King of Italy
for some service they are supposed to have ren-
dered to an Italian vessel a short time ago in the
neighborhood of New York. I think it is wholly
useless to take up our time or to cumber our jour-
nals or the laws with the passage of acts of this
description that are wholly unnecessary. I there-
fore trust that we shall not set the example here
now. Probably t he Secretary of State, as the vessel
is denominated in the dispatch from Lord Lyons
" the United States vessel Highlander," without
examining the Naval Register to see whether we
had any such vessel, jumped to the conclusion
that she was not a commercial vessel but a war
vessel, and upon that hypothesis has called for
legislation here in order to enable the commander
of that vessel to accept this watch. Upon an ex-
amination of the Register I find that we have no
such vessel and have not had any such vessel in
our service, and on an examination of the Consti-
tution by the Senator from Connecticut, it seems
that there is no necessity for the passage of any
such law for a commercial vessel; and 1 think we
had better let the bill drop.
Mr. SUMNER. I am inclined to agree with
the statement made by the two Senators in ref-
erence to the law, but I assume that the applica-
tion of the Secretary of State, sanctioned by the
President, was made with a knowledge of the
facts. I assume that they knew the law also as
the Senators know it.
Mr. CLARK. Will the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations permit me to make
a suggestion, that he allow the vote to be recon-
sidered, and then let the resolution lie on the table?
Mr. SUMNER. I was about tocomctothat.
I was going to say that I assumed that the Sec-
retary of State knew the facts in the case, and also
the law. It is notorious that there are merchant
vessels of the United States atthismomentin the
service of the United States.
Mr. GRIMES. But we have thenamesof them.
I have here the names of all vessels in the service
of the United States, and there is no such vessel
mentioned there.
Mr. SUMNER- Itoccurred tome that proba-
bly this was a merchant vessel in the service of
the United States 
Mr. GRIMES. I presume that is the way the
mistake originated; the Secretary of State so sup-
posed.
Mr. SUMNER. And therefore themaster was
to a certain extent an officer of the United States,
so that he would come under the constitutional
prohibition. However, I am perfectly willing
that the joint resolution should lie over.
The vote on the passage of the joint resolution
was reconsidered.
Mr. CLARK. I now move that it lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
ENLISTMENTS IN THE AKMY.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the Senate
take up the joint resolution to continue the pay-
ment of bounties.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator from Massachu-
setts will give way for a moment, I should like to
ask the courtesy of the Senate to take up a bill
with a view to make it a special order for some
day next week.
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
Mr. BROWN. There is a bill on the table in
regard to the equalization of the pay of colored
troops to which an amendment was offered by the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Henderson,] and
subsequently an amendment was laid on the table
to be offered by myself. I desire to make some
remarks on that bill. I am not able to do so to-
day; but I should like to take it up and make it
the special order for some day next week, say
Tuesday, if that will meet the pleasure of the
Senate.
Mr. WILSON. The bill to which the Senator
refers, 1 think, lies on the table. It is the bill to
encourage enlistments.
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator desires to take
up that bill merely with a view to assign a day
on which he can address the Senate upon it, I have
no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
entertain the motion, if there be no objection.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 41) to promote enlist-
ments in the Army of the United States, and for
other purposes.
Mr. HENDERSON. The question now pend-
ing on that bill is on an amendment offered by
myself, I believe. I desire to know if that is so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the pond-
ing question.
Mr. HENDERSON. My colleague has offered
an amendment to the bill, which perhaps in the
present condition of the bill and amendments would
not be in order. He desires to address the Sen-
ate, as I understand, upon the amendment which
he has moved to have printed, and in order that
he may be permitted to address the Senate upon
that subject, I will withdraw the amendment that
I offered to the bill for the time being.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
do that with the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate, the yeas and nays having been ordered upon
it. The Chair hears no objection,and the amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. BROWN. I ijow offer the amendment
that was presented by me on the 10th of Febru-
ary last, with the exception of the last section,
which is no longer necessary in consequence of
other legislation. The amendment is to strike
out the third section of the bill, and to insert in
lieu thereof the following:
Sec. 3. *&nd be it further enactcd, That the pioclaniation
of the President, of January 1, 1863, declaring all persons
held as slaves within certain designated States and parts
ot States then in rebellion against the Government of the
United States to be thereafter free, be, and the same is here-
by, confirmed and made of full effeetas law; and all courts
ot justice are required to recognize the same, and nil per-
sons declared to be Iree by the said proclamation,or by this
act or any subsequent act of Congress, shall be entitled to
sue and be sued and give evidence in all courts of justice
as other citizens.
Sec.—. And he it further enacted. That from and after
the passage of this act theie shall be neither slavery nor
involuntary servitude in any of the States or Territories of
the United States otherwise than jn punishment for crime,
whereof the paity shall have been duly convicted, any law,
usage, custom, or claim to the contrary notwithstanding;
but all persons shall be held to be born free.
I ask that the bill may be made the special or-
der for Tuesday next at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri moves to postpone the further consid-
eration of the bill till Tuesday next, and to make
it the special order for that day at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to, two thirds of the
Senate concurring therein.
PAYMENT OF COUNTIES.
On motion of Mr, WILSON, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 41) to continue
the payment of bounties, it directs that the boun-
ties authorized to bp paid under existing laws,
and by regulations and orders of the War Depart-
ment, to veterans reenlisting or persons enlisting
in the regular or volunteer service of the United
States for three years or during the war, shall
continue to be paid from March 1,1864, to April
1, 1864, anything in any law or regulation to the
contrary notwithstanding; the bounties to be paid
out of any moneys already appropriated for such
purposes.
Mr. WILSON. This joint resolution was re-
committed to the Committee on Military Affairs
for the purpose of ascertaining the views of the
War Department in regard to it. I send to the
Chair a letter addressed to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs by the Secretary ef War, which I
ask to !imv rend.
