1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
„ The VICE PRESIDENT. The letter will be
road.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
War Department,
Washington City, mareks, i864.
Sin: Your note of this date, requesting my views re-
garding joint resolution No. 41 of the House of Represent-
atives, to continue the payment of bounties, &c., has just
been received, and in reply I have the honor to state:
First. That in my opinion the requisite troops can be
raised more expeditiously by continuing the payment of
bounties to the 1st of April than by any other means.
Second. That at present great exertions are being made
in the several States to raise their quotas by volunteers, so
as to avoid a draft, the people preferring that method of
furnishing troops.
Tiiird. That General Burnside, General Hancock, and
State Legislatures and Executives are earnestly requesting
the continuance of the bounties until the 1st of April.
Fourth. Tllat m my opinion the joint resolution of the
House is wise and judicious, and that its speedy passage
by the Senate would greatly promote the public welfare,
and strengthen the military force more quickly and effi-
ciently than can be accomplished in any other mode.
Your obedient servant,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Henry Wilson, Chairman Committee on Military
Jljfairs, United States Senate.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
land grant to a minnesota railroad.
Mr. RAMSEY. I now move that the Senate
postpone all prior orders and proceed to the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 31, making a grant
of land to the Lake Superior and Mississippi
Railroad Company.
Mr. DOOHTTLE. Therfe will not certainly
be time to consider that bill in the raorninghour.
There are questions involved in it which will re-
quire examination and consideration. I desire, I
will state to my friend from Minnesota, to have
the bill recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lands, for the purpose of considering the remon-
strances which have been presented and the facts
which will be presented to the committee bearing
on the propriety of this legislation. I hope my
friend from Minnesota will consent to allow this
bill to go to the Committee on Public Lands to bo
considered there; otherwise we shall have the
matter to be considered here in open Senate. I
prefer that the committee should first consider it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should be very glad to ac-
commodate the Senator from Wisconsin, but
really I have several times waived the opportu-
nity of getting up this bill. The remonstrances
of the citizens of Wisconsin can be brought di-
rectly to the attention of the Senate. I think it
is very unusual in the Senate to recommit a bill
simply because there may be a remonstrance
against it. I respectfully ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of this bill. It need not
occupy fifteen minutes of its time.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I am willing to take the
sense of the Senate on the question of recommit-
ment. If the bill is to come up for discussion,
there are a great many facts connected with it
that will take up some time^n the Senate. The
bill will certainly lead to discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question to
recommit will not arise until the bill is before the
Senate. The question is on proceeding to the
consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 31)
making a grant of lands to the Lake Superior and
Mississippi Railroad Company, in the State of
Minnesota, to aid in the constiuction of the rail-
road of said company from St. Paul to Lake Su-
perior.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will move that the bill
be recommitted to the Committee on Public.Lands
for further consideration. In submitting this mo-
tion, I will state in a few words to the Senate some
of the facts as they are presented to me.
The bill proposes to make a grant of lands to
aid in the construction of a road from St. Paul to
the head of the navigable waters upon Lake Su-
perior at or near the city of Superior. Congiess
by ail act in ]856 granted public lands substan-
tially over the same route, or a route very nearly
the same, from Hudson upon the St. Croix river
to Lake Superior. Hudson is about fifteen or
twenty miles from St. Paul. The point of reach-
ing the lake is the same. Fifteen or twenty miles
apart at the south end with two grants running to
the same point on Lake Supeiior at the north end
would make these grants substantially grants over
the same route, commencing twenty mites apart
and meeting at the same point, or very nearly at
the same point, upon Lake Superior.
Mr. CARLILE. When was that grant made?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The act passed in 1856,
I think. .
Mr. CARLILE. Have they commenced to
build the road ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On that subject I will state
the facts as I understand them. Nearly twenty
miles of the road have been graded; contracts are
in existence for the grading of the road, and for
the iron to be put upon the road. I cannot person-
ally state these facts; but 1 am informed and believe
that contracts are in operation which will finish
nearly forty miles of the road within a year from
this time. The work was commenced on the road
some years ago. When the war broke out work
was suspended; but it was renewed last summer,
and it is now going on at an expenditure, as I un-
derstand, of about two thousand'dollars a week.
I cannot assume to make a statement upon my
personal knowledge of all these facts; but there
are facts bearing on this question which I think
should be considered by the Committee on Public
Lands; and therefore, without going into a full,
statement of the information which 1 received on
the subject, I hope the Senate will allow this ques-
tion to go to that committee in order that all the
real facts may be ascertained and submitted to the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will permit
this matter to be disposed of now, without re-
committing it to the Committee on Public Lands.
Surely there can be no occasion for that. All the
objections we are going to encounter from these
gentlemen in Wisconsin we shall have to meet in
the Senate again if the bill be recommitted. We
may as well meet them now.
The Senator is mistaken in saying that this is
substantially the same grant as the one to which
he alludes. Sir, this has always been a favorite
enterprise with the people of the State of Min-
nesota. As early as 1854 the Congress of the
United States made a grant of land to unite the
head of the navigable waters of the Mississippi
river with the head of navigation upon Lake Su-
perior. Within the State of Minnesota the dis-
tance between the heads of these two great sys-
tems of navigation is but one hundred and forty
miles. Some interference with the bill occurred
in the House of Representatives, and the House
at once repealed the bill. The company, how-
ever, that received the grant at the time thought
they had legal rights under it, and they contested
those rights for several years in the courts of the
United States, but finally it was determined against
them. That was the reason why this particular
line of road was not embraced in the land grants
to Minnesota in 1857. In 1856, when the grant
was made to the State of Wisconsin, this grant
was still pending before the courts, and had not
been passed upon, had not been approved,or re-
jected, but was still in one sense a grant pending.
Therefore that was a proper objection to the grant
to Wisconsin rather than an objection to our
grant. We were ahead of them in point of time.
Mr..President, this is a matter of vital import-
ance to us m Minnesota. We have now a sur-
plus of wheat for transportation to the East rising
three million bushels annually. The roads that
carry off this wheat for us through Wisconsin,
down the Mississippi river and through Illinois
have not sufficient transportation, and they have
increased the transit between St. Paul and Mil-
waukee to Chicago from twelve and a half cents
in 1862 to twenty-fire cents in this year. This
is an oppression that our agriculture cannot en-
dure. We are the furthest inland State of the
northwestern tierofStates. Surely it is of import-
ance to the Government to give us the readiest fa-
cilities of getting to market with that large surplus
of wheat without compelling us to pass through
Wisconsin and Illinois. One hundred and forty
miles of this land transit brings us to Lake Supe-
rior.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator state how far
it is from St. Paul to Lake Superior over the Hud-
son route?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir, presently.
We have, then, about fifteen hundred miles of
water navigation after we strike the lake. As we
all know, the difference in cost in favor of that
transportation is very considerable; it is but two
or three cents a bushel; whereas oh these lines of
railroad it is from twelve to thirteen cents per ton
per mile. It is to avoid that system of taxation
on the part of the railroads east of us that the peo-
ple of Minnesota have struggled for this road to
the lake. In earlier times it was not a matter of
so much consequence, because until 1858 we pro-
duced no surplus of wheat. Since then it has in-
creased at an enormous rate. We did notship a
bushel in 1858; we now ship rising three million
bushels annually. The Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Howe] asks me the distance from St. Paul
to Superior. It is about one hundred and forty
miles.
Mr. HOWE. How far by way of Hudson ?
Mr. RAMSEY. As I have always understood
—and it is well known in that country; we are per-
fectly familiar with all this thing there-—the other
road is just across the line in the State of Wiscon-
sin. Senators will recollect that. This does not
come in conflict with that. We ask for no lands
in his State. This is entirely a Minnesota enter-
prise. We only ask for the lands within our
State. The distance from the town of Hudson,
which isasmallvillageoffourorfivehundred in-
habitants on the river St. Croix, about thirty miles
up from the Mississippi river, to Bayfield, which
portion of the road this company have most at
heart, is one hundred and eighty miles. From
Lake Superior to Hudson—which road it is un-
derstood in that country the Wisconsin company
never did really contemplate building—would be
about the same distance as from St. Paul; but then
at St. Paul you are upon the Mississippi river at
the head of the actual navigation of that river.
That gives the road its importance. This, then, •
is a work of national importance. It unites these
two great systems of navigation, the lake system
and the river system. But here we are met in
search of this, which is no more than our due, by
the opposition of enterprises in the State of Wis-
consin that have already had a sufficient indul-
gence. As I said, they got their grant in 1856,
and they have not made a mile of road, and we
never hear of an intention to make a mile of road
until we attempt to get what is ours.
The distance, by way either of Milwaukee or
Chicago, to the East, is greater by two hundred
and forty miles than it is around by the head of
the lake. Then again we have one hundred miles
of lake shore which we have no other way of get-
ting to than by this road.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not in the slightest
degree object to a railroad route from St. Paul to
Lake Superior. It is between the Senator and
myself a question really whether the route from
St. Paul to Superior is not the better route over
the very line for which a grant has already been
made. Persons whoare interested in this railroad
company and who put their money into it state
these to be the facts—I desire the committee to
investigate and see if they are not—thattheactunl
line is the best practical railroad line from St. Paul
to Lake Superior, that the distance is just about
the same by either route, that it is a much less
expensive line, and it is claimed that a prelimin-
ary survey over both routes has been made, and
that the expense of going on this route is less than
on the one now proposed.
Mr. President, it is to get these questions to the
committee, that the committee may fairly examine
them, that I make the motion to recommit, not
that I oppose in the slightest degree the main
thing for which the Senators from Minnesota
struggle, and that is that there shall be a railroad
route from St. Paul to Superior; but 1 understand
that from St. Paul to this road there is a land
grant over a line some fifteen or twenty miles long;
I do not remember the distance, but at all events
connecting with this so as to make a connected
land grant route from St. Paul to Superior as it
now stands. It is to have these facts examined
in the committee that I make the motion to re-
commit, that the maps, the estimates, jhe surveys,
and all these matters may be examined by the
committee rather than to have it all come up here
in the Senate and have a controversy upon facts.
Mr. RAMSEY. TheSenatoris verykind, but
this matter was very fully gone into by the com-
mittee. They had the whole subject before them
