THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
a long time, and we met the opposition of this
rival interest in .the committee. The interests of
this rival road in Wisconsin were presented and
debated in the committee.
Mr. HOWE If the Senator will allow me, I
wish to know if a,representative of that company,
or that district, or of the State of Wisconsin, was
before the committee?
Mr. RAlM&EY. The chairman of the.commit-
tee will mention. The matter was fully debated
there, as I enderstood.
jfo. HARLAN. There have been no facts or
principles stated yet in the Senate that were not
considered in committee when this bill was under
consideration by the committee. I think, there-
fore, there is 110 necessity for'recommitting it to
the, committee.
If the Senators from Wisconsin know of other
facts that we can hereafter obtain that have not
been sent to the committee, it might be a reason
jfora reconsideration of the subject; but the com-
mittee have carefully examined the bill and con-
sidered all the principles which he has suggested
and all the facts, and have made up deliberately
their report and presented it to the Senate. I
.think there is no necessity for recommitting the
bill to that committee.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President 
Mr. HOWE. With the indulgence of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, I wish to say that the ques-
tion is whether any representative of the State of
Wisconsin or any representative of the interests
involved in this other road was heard before the
committee, not what principles or facts were be-
fore the committee.
Mr. HARLAN. There was no hearing before
the committee of either of the Senators from Wis-
consin, or any other person; but all the facts to
which they have alluded were considered on the
suggestion of members of the committee, most of
whom,as the Senator is aware,are western men,
and conversant with the facts and with the legis-
lation in the case.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is within the knowledge
of the Senate, 1 presume, that the Legislature of
Minnesota has recently memorialized for this
grant; that the city of St. Paul, to show entire
confidence in it, and to show that it is no bogus
enterprise, but that we are really and sincerely in
earnest about it, has voted $250,000 to assist in
the work. The State has also given whatever of
swamp lands she has received, along the line of
the load, to it. We feel that our interests there
would be entirely sacrificed, our agricultural in-
terests, which are our great interests, unless we
have this other outlet for our produce. I trust
the Senate will proceed to the consideration of the
bill.
Mr. POWELL. I desire that the special order
may now be called up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky calls for the special order.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to postpone the
special order, and proceed with the consideration
of this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky is entitled to the floor, and therefore,
unless lie yields it, no other Senator can interpose
a motion.
Mr. POWELL. I do not yield the floor.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr.Xi. oyd, its Chief Cleik, announced that
the Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed an enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No.
41) to continue the payment of bounties', and an
enrolled bill (S. No. 140) to provide for the pro-
tection of overland emigration to the States and
Tenitoiics of the Pacific; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President.
MILITARY INTERFERENCE WITH ELECTIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is before the Senate, h is the bill (S. No. 37) to
prevuntofficersof the Army and Navv, and other
persons engaged in the military and naval service
of the United States, from interfering in elections
in the States. The bill is before the Senate as m
Committee of the Whole. H has been reported ,<
upon adversely by the Committee on Military j!
Affairs and the Miluia. j'
The bill was road by the Secretary. The first i|
section provides that it shall not be lawful for any ||
military or naval officer of the United States, or
other person engaged in the civil, military,or na-
val service of the JJnited States, to order, bring,
keep, or have under his authority or control,any
troops or armed men within one mile of the place
where any general or special election is held in
any State of the United States of America, and
that it shall not be lawful for any officer of the
Army or Navy of the United States to prescribe
or fix, or attempt to prescribe or fix, by procla-
mation, order, or otherwise, the qualifications of
voters in any State or in any manner to interfere
with the freedom of any election, or withtheex-
ereise of the free right of suffrage in any State.
Any officer of the Army or Navy, or other per-
son engaged in the civil, military, or naval service
of the United States who violates, this section is
for every such offense to be liable to indictment
as for a misdemeanor, in any court of the United
States having jurisdiction to hear, try, and determ-
ine cases of misdemeanor, and on conviction to
pay a fine of not less than $200, and not exceed-
ing $20,000,and suffer imprisonment in the peni-
tentiary not less than two nor more than twenty
years, at the discretion of the court; and any person
so convicted is- moreover to be disqualified from
holding any office of honor, profit, or trust, under
the Government of the United States. The bill is
not, however, to be so construed as to preventany
officer,soldier, sailor, or marine, from exercising
the right of suffrage in any election district to
which he may belong, if otherwise qualified, ac-
cording to the laws of the State in which he shall
offer to vote.
By the second section any officer or person in
the military or naval service of the United States,
who shall order or advise, or who shall directly
or indirectly, by force, threat, menace, intimida-
tion or otherwise, prevent or attempt to prevent
any qualified voter of any State from freely exer-
cising the right of suffrage at any general or spe-
cial election, or who shall in like manner compel,
or attempt to compel, any officer of an election in
any State to receive a vote from a person not
legally qualified to vote, or who shall impose or
attempt to impose any rules or regulations for
conducting such election different from those pre-
scribed by law, or interfere in any manner with
any officer of the election in the discharge of his
duties, is for any such offense to be liable to in-
dictment as for a misdemeanor, in any court of
the United States having jurisdiction to hear, try,
and determine cases of misdemeanor,and on con-
viction to pay a fine of not exceeding $20,000, and
suffer imprisonment in the penitentiary, not ex-
ceeding five years, at the discretion of the court,
and any person so convicted is moreover to he
disqualified from holding any office of honor,
profit, or ti-ust under the GovernmentoftheUnited
States.
Mr. POWELL addressed the Senate in sup-
port of the bill, but without concluding gave way
ior an adjournment.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 3, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CAPTAIN J. L. F1SK.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretai y of War, transmit-
ting, m compliance with resolution of thFtiouse,
the report of Captain J. L. Fisk, of his late expe-
dition to the Rocky mountains and Idaho; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. W1NDOM moved that five thousand extra
copies be printed.
The SPEAKER. That will be referred to the
Committee on Printing, under the rules.
COURT 03? CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER. The first question is the
unfinished business of yesterday, bein<* Court of
Claims bill.
Mr. WILSON moved that it he recommitted
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved that there be
a cad of the House.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—-ayes 4G, noes 42; the Speaker having
decided that it did not require a quorum to ord%r
a call of the House.
The roll of the House was then called, when
the following members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. William J. Allen, Arnold, Baxter, Blaine, Chan-
ler, Cox, Cravens, Creswell, Thoma* T. Davis, Dawson,
Dennison, Donnelly, Edgeiton, English, Farnsworth,
Frank, GooelnGrider, Griswotd, Hall, Harding, Benjamin
G. Harris,CharlesM. Harris, Hotchkiss, John II. Hubbard,
Hurlbnrd, Philip Johnson, Knapp, Law, Le Blond, Little-
jobn, Long; Marey, William H. Miller, Morrison, Leonard
Myers. Noble, Norton, Odell, Orth, Patterson, Perry, Rad-
foid, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, Edward H.
Rollins, Starr, William G. Steele, Upson, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Wheeler, Chilton A. While, Winfield, Benjamin
Wood, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman.
Mr. ELIOT. How many members have an-
swered to their names?
The SPEAKER. One hundred and twenty-
five.
Mr. STILES. I move that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion to recommit this bill to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. THOMAS. Upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 69, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
Bcaruan, Bli&h, Blow, Boutwell, Brandegee, Broomall,
James S. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke,
Cobb, Cole, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Denung,
DennUon, Dixon, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Fcnton, Garfield, Higby, Hooper, Jolin H. Hubbard,
Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogar, Or-
lando Kellogg, Loan,Longyear, Lovejoy, Marvin, MeBiide,
McClurg, Mclndoe, Samuel F.Miller, Mooihead, Morrill,
Dann-J Morris, Amos Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Pen-
dleton, Peihain, Pike, Pomeroy, Pnee, Seofield, Shannon,
Sloan, Smithers, Spalding, Thayer, Tracy, William B.
Washburn, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, and Woodbudge—
09.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Aneona, Anderson,
Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Francis
P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, Boyd, William G. Brown, Chan-
lei, Clay, CoiYioth, Eden, Eldndge.Finck, Ganson,Glider,
Hale, Hall, Harding, Harrington, Herrick, Holman, Hutch-
ing, William Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Kernan, King, Law,
Lazear, Mallory, McAllister,McDowell, MeKinney, Mid-
dleton. James It. Morris,Nelson, John O'Neill, Pruyn, Sam-
uel J. Randall, William li. Randall, Rogeis, James S. Rol-
lins, Ross-, Scott, Smith, Stebbins, John B. Steele, Steven*,
Stiles, Snouse, Smart, Thomas, Voorhees, Wadsworth,
Waid, Webster, Whaley, Joseph W. White, and Windom
—01.
So the bill was recommitted.
During the call,
Mr. ROGERS stated that Mr. Steele, of New
Jersey, was absent on account of sickness; that
if hete he would have voted in the negative.
Mr. THOMAS. Before the result is announced,
I would inquire of the Chair whether the pievious
question was not seconded upon the passage of
the bill.before the House adjourned yesterday?
The SPEAKER. It was not. That isthe rec-
ollection of the Chair, and he is confirmed by the
Journal.
The result was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLAIMS AGAINST THE GOVERNMENT.
The SPEAKER. The next bill in order is the
following bill reported from the same committee
on the same day with the one just disposed of:
A bill (H. R. No. 63) supplemental to the laws
relating to the War Department, and authorizing
the settlement and payment of certain claims
against the United States.
The bill, which was read, provides that all claims
for quartermaster's stores actually furnished to the
Army of the United States, may be submitted to
the Quaitermaster General of the United States,
accompanied with such proofs as each claimant
can present of tiie facts in his case; and it shall
be the duty of the Quartermaster General to cause
such claim to be examined, and if convinced that
it is just, and that the stores have been actually
received or taken for the use of said Army, then
to report each case to the Third Auditor of the
Treasury, with a recommendation for settlement.
It further provides that all claims for subsistence
actually furnished to the Army may be submit-
ted to the Commissary General of Subsistence,
