1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
accompanied with such proof as each claimant
may have to offer; and it shall be the duty of the
Commissary General ofSubsistence to cause each
claim to be examined,and if convinced that it is
just, and that the subsistence has been received
or taken actually for the use of the Army, then to
report each case for payment to the Third Aud-
itor of the Treasury with a recommendation for
settlement. And the action of the Quartermaster
General and of the Commissary General ofSub-
sistence, as the case maybe, and of the account-
ing officers of the Treasury, shall be final and con-
clusive upon such claims, which maybe paid
either by special requisition and warrant, or by
a disbursing officer of the quartermaster and sub-
sistence departments, as the case may be, or as
may in each case be most proper or convenient;
and the officers paying shall be relieved from all
liability for, or on account of, the property so
paid for.
Mr.THOMAS. As Icannotforesee what course
will be taken by rhe Committee on the Judiciary
on. the bill which has just been recommitted to it,
I was about to propose to postpone the bill now
under consideration to a future day, that we may
await the report of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. WILSON. I have an amendment to offer
before that is done. *
Mr. THOMAS. Before any action of the
House is invited upon this bill, I desire to move
a verbal amendment to correct-i mistake made
not only by myself, but by the entire Judiciary
Committee. While the bill was before the com-
mittee we were not aware of the fact that the pro-
visions of this hill are not confined to loyal citi-
zens. I move to amend both sections of the bill
by inserting the words "of loyal citizens" after
the word " claims."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON moved to amend the bill byadd-
ing to the end thereof the following proviso:
Provided, That no claim shall be examined, audited, or
allowed under the provisions of tins act until the claimant
shall have taken, subscribed, and filed with sueii claim the
oath prescribed bv an act to prescribe an oath of ofTicc, ap-
proved July *2, 186*2, except so much of said oatli as relates
lo the discharge of duties of office; and every person who
shall falsely take said oath undei the provisions of this act
sdin.Il be liable to the penalties prescribed by the act of July
2, 1862.
Mr. THOMAS. The gentleman, as I under-
stand, proposes in the Committee on the Judiciary
to separate the bill which was a few minutes since
recommitted to that committee, and to report a
bill from the committee providing for the repeal
of the law which gives jurisdiction to our Court
of Claims in cases of this character, and to add to
it sections equivalent to the bill we have now under
consideration. I would therefore very much pre-
fer for myself, individually—it is for other gentle-
men to decide for their constituents—that we should
not act separately upon the bill now before the
House, but that we should either recommit it, as
we did the other bill, to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, or postpone its consideration until the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary shall have acted on the
subjcct already recommitted to it. I have stated
before, and I now reiterate, that I cannot, under
any circumstances, with a just regard for the
rights of those 1 represent here, vote to deprive
the Court of Claims of its jurisdiction under the
existing law in all these cases, unless at the same
time and in the same law the House proposes to
substitute for that tribunal some other to hear and
deteimine these matters; because, Mr. Speaker,
we have a coordinate branch of the Legislature,
and it might happen that the Senate would pass
one bili and reject the other; and in that case we
of this House, who have now a tribunal before
which our constituents may present their claims
and have a fair chance of trial, would be in a very
awkward dilemma indeed. We should havecon-
sented to take away from the Court of Claims all
power over this subject, without substituting any
other tribunal whatever.
( state to the House that from the western
boundary of the District of Columbia to the base
of the Alleghany mountains, and all along the
northern boundary of Maryland, from one end to
the other* the armies of the United States, not
the ciiomy—we are not proposing to pay for the
depredations of the enemy, but the armies of the
United States, the officers of the Army of the
United States—have swept bare all that region
of country of all its crops on hand and almost
all its live stock, and to that extent they have
saved the Secretary of the Treasury the necessity
of issuing a currency to pay for these supplies
that must have been had elsewhere. The Rep-
resentatives of those people will agree to no pro-
ceeding of this body that leaves us at the mercy
of the Senate. I do not know how the Senate
would act. I hope they would act mercifully.
But it is our duty, as the immediate representa-
tives of the people, not to leave it optional with
the Senate to adopt j:he one bill and reject the
other. The subjects are kindred. They belong
to one and the same bill. It is only necessary to
alter the caption or title of the bill originally re-
ported, proposing to take away jurisdiction from
the Court of Claims, and add one or two words to
it, and then my bill belongs to it. Ifihe chairman
of the Judiciary Committee will signify now be-
fore the House that in the Judiciary Committee
he proposes to connect the two bills, I shall be
satisfied.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman give
way to me to enable, me to move to recommit the
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary ?
Mr. THOMAS. Not at this moment. If, I
repeat, the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary will signify a willingness on his part to
couple these two measures in the Committee on
the Judiciary, and report them as kindred meas-
ures to be voted on at the same time, 1 shall my-
self very cheerfully agree to send tlus bill where
the other bill has been §ent.
The SPEAKER. Before the debate progresses,
the Chair will call the attention of gentlemen to
the rule which- prescribes that a motion to post-
pone admits of a very limited debate.
Mr. WILSON. 1 merely desire to say in re-
ply to the question of the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Thomas,] that I do not think itproper
to state in the House what my action may here-
after be in the Committee on the Judiciary. I
therefore, sir, and for that reason, decline to an-
swer the gentleman's question. But I would ask
the gentleman what objection he can have to hav-
ing this bill acted on now?
Mr. THOMAS. I have explained that, or at
least I supposed that I had superseded any neces-
sity for such an inquiry as that. I tried to make
myself understood upon that point. 1 explained
that we are not willing to send to the Senate a bill
taking away from the Court of Claims jurisdic-
tion in these cases without substituting some other
tribunal, thus leaving ourselves at the mercy of
the Senate, taking away the only remedy that our
people now have, without at the same time coup-
ling it with a proposition to give them some other
tribunal for the trial of their claims.
Mr. WILSON. My suggestion is that this
bill shall be acted on now. I have no doubt that
it can be passed, and then the gentleman's con-
stituents will have a remedy in addition to the one
they now have.
Mr. THOMAS. A man must he a very young
parliamentarian indeed not to see the error of that
proposition. Would we not send this bill to the
Senate? Let the gentleman then delay action in
this House on the other bill proposing to take
away jurisdiction from the Court of Claims until
the Senate has sanctioned the other measure.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman from Mary-
land introduced this bill as a separate measure.
He did not, couple it with the bill reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. THOMAS. I have been long enough in
this House, Mr. Speaker, to ascertain, by a sort
of absoi ption or electricity, what is going on in
the mind'of the gentleman in regard to this mat-
ter; and 1 soon found out that I would not put
my foot into a trap o^ that character; and I warn
gentlemen around me not to fall into it either. I
soon discovered that if we first send one and then
send another of these bills to the Senate, the Sen-
ate might think proper to reject one and to pass
the other. I want to have those measures con-
nected. I think their subjects are kindred. The
question is, will you gi\e a judicial tiial to those
claimants, or will you repudiate your debts? If
you intend to give them a judicial trial, and if the
Court of Claims be not the ptoper tribunal, sub-
stitute another. If the House be of opinion that
in fairness there ouijht to be another substituted,
let these measures be kept together, and let them
be sent in that form to the Senate, h will then
be for the -it will; pass
the bill in its entirety or reject it in ?ts entirety.
In the latter event the claimants will be Ifeft ^ith
the wretched chance they have in the Court of
Claims. * '
I do not like to occupy so much of the time of
the House. I thought yesterday that I had made
myself thoroughly understood on this subject." t
' I now withdraw my proposition to postpone,
and move to recommit this whole matter to the
Committee on the Judiciary. Then we will be
able to see what is the final disposition not only
of the committee, but of the House also.
Mr. KING. I have an amendment which I
desire to offer, that it may be sent with the bijl
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit
will prevent the offering of the amendment.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I object to
the recommitment bf this bill. I think that if the
whole matter were distinctly ttnderstood by the
House, the House would concur in the opinion
that the bilftiow before it ought to be passed now.
It should be borne in mind that the bill which has
just been recommitted is a combination of three
"bills, two of which were reported to the House
from the Judiciary Committee, and one reported
from the Committee of Claims. The bill now un-
der consideration is the second of the bills re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary. That
committee agreed unanimously thatthis bill ought
to pass. With the amendment suggested or
moved by the chairman, the committee is ready
to sustain this bill, as far as I know, in the belief
that it is due to claimants against the Government
that they shall have some read y, efficient,and cheap
means of securing payment of their claims.
The third part of this bill, which has been re-
committed to the Committee on the Judiciary,
was originally reported by the Committee of
Claims. It is No. 212 in the orders of the House,
and is a measure originating in an investigation
of which the Judiciary Committee is entirely ig-
norant. The Committee of Claims has reported
that bill, and is undoubtedly ready to explain and
defend it. But the Committee on the Judiciary
neither is to-day ready to explain and defend it,
nor will it be when the bill shall have been re-
turned to this House. It would seem that, in the
ordinary course of business, we should have acted
on the short bill limiting the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims, and then have acted on the bill
now before the House. But the gentleman from
Maryland, acting, I have no doubt, under the
guidance of his sense of what is proper and right,
but with a degree of disingenuousness u^ich I
cannot commend here or elsewhere, did attempt
in the House, and succeeded in, the combination
of two bills which were distinct in themselves,
which had not been considered together by the
Committee on the Judiciary, which relate to dif-
ferent matters, and which, in my judgment, should
have been kept separate. They have gone back
to the Judiciary Committee coupled with the bill
reported by the Committee of Claims. Now, un-
less the Committee on the Judiciary be expected
to investigate this matter, already investigated by
the Committee of Claims, it cannot be expected
to report in favor of the passage of that part of
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Maryland, bill No. 212.
It would seem to me, in order to relieve this
House and the Committee on the Judiciary from
all disagreeable entanglement, that we should act
now on this bill, which provides ways and means
by which a certain class of creditors can secure
the adjudication and payment of their claims.
The gentleman from Maryland originated that
measure. The Committee on the Judiciary agreed
with him that it ought to be reported and passed.
We are ready to do what we can in this House
to secure the passage of it; and there is no rea-
son why a measure proposing to take from the
Court of Claims certain jurisdiction should be
connected with a measure to audit and pay just
claims against the Government. And I take it
| that the other legislative branch of the Govern-
ment has a right"to judge of these measures sep-
aiately.
Mr. Speaker, if the measure now before the
House has not merit enough in itself to command
the appiobation of this House and the Senate,
then the presumption is that it ou ht not to pass;
and to couple it with a measure which, in thejudg-
