1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman please
state how many copies of the report the Depart-
ment usually has, and how many they are to have
now?
Mr. A. W. CLARK. They have ordinarily
had twenty-five thousand copies. They now ask
for ten thousand. I will yield now for a brief
period to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Steele.]
Mr. STEELE, nf New York. Mr. Speaker,
I would like to suggest to the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] who is so anxious to
economize upon this matter of the public print-
ing, the best way to do it is to strike at the root
of this monstrous evil that has grown up here,
which is the franking privilege. If the gentleman
will introduce a bill to abolish the franking priv-
ilege he will propose economy to some purpose,
and he will find at least one member upon this
side of the House to go with him.
If there is anything which the people want of
this enormous amount of trash which is printed
here in Washington it is this agricultural report.
And if the excuse for this enormous expenditure,
based upon the franking privilege, is to be justi-
fied-upon the idea of distributing things to the
people, then I say this agricultural report, which
is almost the only thing that the people do read
and do ask for, is about the last place where the
gentleman from Vermont should begin his very
nice ideas of small economy. Therefore, sir, I
hope that this report of the Committee on Print-
ing will be adopted, and that these sixty thousand
copies will be printed. That will supply to some
extent the demand for this really valuable public
document.
Mr. GR1NNELL. Mr. Speaker, I was pleased
with the remarks of the gentleman from Vermont
in regard to the retrenchment of our printing bills;
but I was surprised that he, as a farmer—one of
the few farmers on this floor—should not be ar-
dently in favor of furnishing the farmers of this
country with that information which they desire
—-that contained in this agricultural report.
It is my opinion, sir, that we should rather
curtail the distribution of those military reports
that only tell us how battles were lost, and not
how battles are won or are to be. I think it
would be much more becoming of us to cut down
the publication of the reports of these military
candidates, these presidential candidates, and fur-
nish the people, instead of them, with informa-
tion concerning the productsof mother earth, the
source of all our material prosperity.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman from Iowa
speaks of presidential candidates and military
candidates. I wish to know what he means by
" military candidates" in contradistinction to
"presidential candidates?"
Mr. GR1NNELL. I mean the military can-
didates for the Presidency.
Mr. MALLORY. Does the gentleman mean
General Grant? His report was proposed this
morning to be printed.
Mr. GRINNELL. General Grant is the can-
didate for military position only, indorsed by the
people who are for putting down the rebellion.
The candidate of the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Mallory] is a man who has been dead a
number of months.
Mr. MALLORY. Who is that?
Mr. GRINNELL. Why, General McClellan.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. McClellan is a live man,
sir, a live man. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRINNELL. The proposition here, sir,
is to expend—how much? One mill to each of
the people of the loyal States, for the purpose of
disseminating information upon national agricul-
ture; about one fiftieth part of the cost of the
gentleman's cigar which he smoked this morning,
or of his glass of grog; untaxed grog at that.
[Laughter.]
If there has been anything brought before Con-
gress that commends itself to tiie judgment of
those who represent farmers on this floor, it is
this. We have never had so full and able an ag-
ricultural report as the one just issued. That is
the unanimous verdict upon it. Let it be dis-
seminated among the people. One tenth of the
farming population of my district have gone to the
war. Let us show those who have remained be-
hind how they can best till the soil, how they can
promote prosperity in the midst of our troubles.
I hope the resolution wilt be adopted. It is due
to the farmers of the country, and myself, identified
with them, a Representative of a farming constit-
uency. I ask that this number of the report be
printed. If the gentleman from Vermont desires
to enforce economy, I repeat let him commence
on the reports of these military gentlemen, not on
the agricultural report.
Mr. STROUSE. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
amend the resolution by striking out" sixty thou-
sand copies," and iriserting" one hundred thou-
sand copies."
The SPEAKER. That motion is pot in order,
the floor being in possession of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. A. W. Clark,] who yields
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STROUSE. Then I will speak briefly to
the resolution. But if the gentleman from New
York will consent to permit me to offer this amend-
ment, I will feel obliged to him.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. Not at present.
Mr. STROUSE. I beg leave to say that I feel
some surprise that there should be any opposi-
tion from any source in this House to the propo-
sition made for the publication of sixty thousand
copies of the agricultural report. If this oppo-
sition to the printing of this necessary and useful
book springs from any principle of economy, it
is the more surprising, and is very much, indeed,
like saving at the spigot and letting run at the
bung. We have voted willingly millions on mil-
lions for all sorts of matters and things, appro-
priations for every Department and sub-depart-
ment and subdivision of the Government.
Sir, we are asked to vote nearly §100,000,000
to cover deficiencies, and I suppose that it will
be done, because these debts must be paid.
Mr. Speaker, 1 agree with my friend from New
.York, [Mr. Steele,] that of all the books, pam-
phlets, and—I may use his term—"trash" print-
ed atWashington city for circulation, there is noth-
ing, I do not care what other document it may be
in usefulness and positive value, equal to this re-
port of the Agricultural Department; and I may
say in passing that we have never had one equal
to the present book, one as well prepared, by the
efficient superintendent of the Agricultural De-
partment, Hon. Isaac Newton.
Let me remind gentlemen when they talk of
taxes that the majority of the people who pay
them and support this Government, that the men
from whom revenue is derived, are the men for
whose use and benefit these books are sought to be
printed and circulated. It is the agricultural pop-
ulation of the country, the bone and sinew of the
land, the foundation and essence of our national
strength, desire and insist on having this report.
We as their servants cannot resist so just a de-
mand.
We must bear in mind that agriculture is the
cause of the prosperity of both commerce and
manufactures. Agriculture is the root and the
trunk of the tree, while manufacture and com-
merce are the twigs and leaves. What is com-
merce without agriculture? What is manufacture
withoutagriculture? What country can be pros-
perous without agriculture? We are an agricul-
tural, manufacturing, and commercial people.
The larger part of our people are agriculturists
and producers, tillers of the soil, and upon this
great interest every other class depends.
Notwithstanding these facts, sir, we hear gen-
tlemen talk of the vast expense of this publica-
tion. Why deny these few thousand dollars to
satisfy the rightful demands of the husbandmen,
the men who really do earn their daily bread by
the sweat of their brow? We want to circulate
the reports from the St. Lawrence to the Rio del
Norte; every man who puts seed into the ground,
every man who makes two blades of grass grow
where only one grew before, to have everything
in the way of information that they may need.
Suppose itdoes cost a few thousand dollais. We
are daily making experiments with steamboats,
and a single trial trip costs as much asall of these
books. Nothingissaidofthatexpense; but when
we ask these books shall be published, we are told
that we must economize. It is real economy to
foster the agricultural interest, and this publica-
tion is for the most useful, the most modest, and
the most worthy class of our community. These
men are our constituents, upon whom we depend
and upon whom the country depends. If it were
not for agriculture we would crumble to pieces
like the States of ancient times, which foolishly^
attempted to found empires upon consumption*
without production.
Mr. BOU'l'WELL. I am reminded that in
the remarks I made this morning I used the word
"disingenuousness." I did not mean to assail
the motives of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Thomas.] I only meant to say that I
thought the gentleman ought to have informed
the Committee on the Judiciary of his intention
to connect the two bills.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I renew the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me, so that I may move to strike out " sixty
thousand," and to insert "one hundred thou-
sand."
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MORRILL demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. PARNSWORTH demanded tellers:
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALE OP SURPLUS GOLD.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was the gold bill, with various amend-
ments. ,
FREED MENS AFFAIRS.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I rise to correct a state-
ment in the reportof the proceedings of the House
day before yesterday. I did not vote upon the
bill establishing a department for taking care of
the freedmen of this country, for the reason that
I was paired off with my colleague, Mr. Wash-
burne. It was staled in the report of the pro-
ceedings that I waspaired off with Mr. Robinson.
SALB OF SURPLUS GOLD AGAIN.
The House proceeded, in order, to the consid-
eration of the jointresolution (H. R. No. 37) au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to sell
any surplus of gold in the Treasury.
Mr. STEBBINS. I desire to offer a substitute
for the resolution reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would slate that
the power to offer amendments has already been
exercised to the farthest capacity. There is now
pending an amendment to the resolution, and an
amendment to thai; also a substitute for the res-
olution and an amendment to the substitute. That
is the full extent to which amendments can be
offered now.
Mr. STEBBINS. Mr. Speaker, when the
proposition was introduced into this House to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to sell
the surplus gold which had accumulated and
which was accumulating in the Treasury of the
United States beyond the amount demanded by
the wants of the Treasury and the requirements
of the law, I took the occasion to declare that I
could not regard the question from any other
point of view than its bearing upon the great in-
terests of the Government and of the people. I
felt constrained to forget my hostility to a paper-
money system, and was only willing to remem-
ber the circumstances supposed to have compelled
its introduction during the period of the war.
Great wars having always been carried on under
such a system, judgment and experience seemed
to concur that this country could not hope to be
an exception to the rule. I do not, therefore, now
propose to discuss the system itself, nor attempt
to point out its imperfections. I desire to see noth-
ing but the great facts that we are in the midst of
a civil war; that men and money are necessary
for its prosecution; that the national life must be
preserved, the honor of our arms sustained, and
the integrity of the laws of the United States vin-
dicated. A financial system, the offspring of this
great necessity, has grown up. lthasbeen in oper-
ation for the past three years. It is interwoven
in every part of our industrial system. Wecan-
not abolish it if we would; we ought not to do
so if we could. We must wait for peace to pre-
