930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
cent, discount under the influence of the marvel-
ous feArs generated and encouraged by those who
are utterly ignorant of the power and resources
of the nation. To my understanding ali our trouble
lies with the legal tender. It is a matter of no
consequence to the people of the country as a na-
tion as to what the funaed debt may sell at in the
. mutations of the future. The Government has
only to look after the interest upon the debt and
the principal at its maturity. With the currency,
which every man is bound by law to receive for
his property, it is anotheraffair. There is no time
fixed for itsfinalextinguishment, and ourenemies
seek to discredit and destroy it both at home and
abroad. People who take it hasten to invest it in
real property, while speculation lives and flour-
ishes by holding it up to public odium and con-
tempt. The more speculation can discredit it, the
more speculation thrives.
Speculation is sleepless in its efforts to discredit
it; and yet, sir, there is a way to remedy the dif-
ficulty. It is by familiarizing the people with the
power, resources, and wealth of the nation; and
this, in my judgment, is the duty of every Rep-
resentative in this House, and of every intelligent
and reflecting citizen out of it. If this $400,000,000
of currency were secured to be paid to-morrow, if
the nation could see it begin to expire by the estab-
lishment of a sinking fund of ten percent, per an-
num, which would destroy it all in ten years, or if,
by legislation, the Secretary was directed to burn
ยง100,000 of it per day until the whole ยง400,000,000
were destroyed, do you imagine that you would
hear anything more of a rise in gold ? Sir, it would
be the death of the speculators on the sea-board,
and the nation would rise from its fears and appre-
hensions full of fresh power and energy. So small
an effort as this, in my opinion, would reduce the
expenses of this Government thirty-three and one
third per cent, per annum. If, sir, I am right in
this conclusion, why should the people be in-
flamed with fresh fears by the dark predictions
of impending bankruptcy and ruin ? And why are
we not bound to present, in contradiction to state-
ments such as I have referred to, facts that lead
the mind to an entirely different judgment?
Sir, I repeat, with all the emphasis I am capa-
ble of expressing, that in advocatingevery meas-
ure for strengthening our financial system; by
encouraging the Secretary of the Treasury to per-
severe in carrying out the ideas distinctly pre-
sented in his annual report; by pointing out, to
the extent of my humble ability, the way to roll
back the current that has set in such irresistible
force against the public credit; by pointing out in
even so feeble a manner the vast resoutces of our
country, and showing that an issue of$400,000,000
of currency, which, after all, is only a substitute
for the gold and bank circulation it has displaced,
I fulfill my duty as a Representative. The peo-
ple, who are to be swept away m case of so fear-
ful a calamity as national bankruptcy, will sus-
tain me in my efforts, and will sustain all those
who take (lie same course in the midst of the
emergencies of this fearful contest.
In the course of the debate, Mr. Speaker, the
distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts who
advocated the proposition to empower the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to anticipate the interest on
the public debt, and so dispose of the surplus
gold in the Treasury, and avoid its accumulation
hereafter by the same means, declared that, dis-
guise or conceal it as we might, the currency had
depreciated to the extent indicated by the price of
gold.
Sir, the quotation daily made for gold in the
New York market is certainly an indication for
the day of the positive depreciation of the cur-
rency. Any one who owns gold can certainly
sell it at the New York quotation for paper. No
one can deny the truth of this proposition; but I
submit to that gentleman, and to those who con-
cur with him in opinion, whether there are not
many good grounds for the belief that there are
causes operating to produce this depreciation un-
known before in the history of paper money, and
whether some of them may not be regtudtd a8
wholly artificial, and capable of being easily ex-
posed and dispelled ? Sir, I think there are artifi-
cial means constantly being used to influence the
price of gold. These means have been employed
since the suspension of specie payments. They
have increased from month to month for the past
year, just in proportion to the growth of specu-
lation, which to-day exceeds in volume anything
ever known before in the history of civilization.
It has become necessary for the safety of this huge
structure of illegitimate traffic that the price of
gold should continue to rise in respect to the cur-
rency; and, sir, it will not be permitted to de-
cline if human ingenuity and human effort can
prevent it. Such a state of things must give birth
to every species of device, and to every kind of
artificial process. They will come in the form
of misrepresentations of the military situation of
the country and exaggerated statements of pny
defeats in the field; they will be in the shape of
extensive combinations for the temporary pur-
chase of the floating gold in the market; in the
false statements as to the character and condition
of the public debt, and in the objccts and designs
of the Government; and all this is rendered more
easily available by the ignorance that is permitted
to prevail as to the resources and power of the
nation.
To illustrate my views more fully as to "causes
hitherto unknown" now operating to the preju-
dice of the currency, I would ask the House to
regard New York city, the great commercial and
financial center, connected by the electric wires
with every city and every town of any import-
ance in every State not in rebellion, away to the
fai; off Pacific. The opinions of representative
men are solemnly uttered in this House that
national bankruptcy and repudiation are surging
at our feet to ingulf us in its formidable waves.
The lightning that carries this fearful verdict to
the people of the country flashes the tidings to
the city of New York almost instantly from in-
numerable points in the shape of positive orders
to buygold,to buy merchandise,to buy commod-
ities. Thousands of orders%*each thatgreat mart
in an hour, and through all hours of the day, and
hence a tiafiic, boundless in extent, and all in one
direction, ali to purchase property at the market
prices, without limit, is carried on in that city by
a frightened and frenzied population. Has the
currency depreciated because of these transac-
tions? Is national bankruptcy really here because
of such declarations? I cannot so regard it. The
truth is that this modern instrument, electricity,
is playing a new and most important part in the
affairs of men, and for the first time in the great-
est drama m the history of civilization. It so
concentrates and so intensifies the incidents of
human life, so entirely controls and governs them,
that those who measure the present by the past
utterly fail of arriving at proper or just conclu-
sions. Sir, I look for the moment when the peo-
ple of the United States, moved by different im-
pulses, influenced by calmer counsels, led by wiser
judgments, and enlightened by the spirit of truth,
will see with a clearer vision the actual condition
of their country, and be overwhelmed with shame
and mortification at their own folly.
, Suppose, Mr. Speaker, the existence of some
vast building or theater crowded with thousands
of human beings, all intent upon the enjoyment
of some great dramatic spectacle; and suppose
that, in the midst of their engrossment of the
play, in obedience to a concerted signal, a few
voices should raise the appalling cry of fire, and
rush through the narrow outlets toward the street.
Does it need any one to foretell the fearful disas-
ters that might follow the efforts of that frenzied
multitude in their attempts to escape through the
contracted and crowded coi ridors? Sir, hundreds
might be crushed to death, while thousands were
being robbed by those Who 'had precipitated the
calamity. Sir, will any one undertake to declare
that the building is really on fire because of the
infuriated cry of fire? 1 think not, sir; and yet
such is the condition of the people of this country
on the great question of the national currency.
Hundreds have been crying fire for the past three
years, while multitudes have been endeavoring
to escape the fearful calamity which is said to
threaten the paper system. It is to be entirely
demolished, say our enemies; and while the cry
continues, and every imaginable auxiliary is be-
ing used to magnetize the nation into such a be-
lief, and while the people are rushing out of the
building m mad disoider, a system of pillage is
going forward that defies description, and human
ingenuity is taxed to its utmost capacity to keep
up the alarm, that the spoils of the enterprise may
augment, and the opportunities for plunder sur-
vive a little while longer,
I regard, sir, the depreciation of the cuirency
of the United States from thirty-three to forty per
cent, discount for gold as a monstrous crime or
a fearful delusion; I regard every man as guiity
of crime who does anything to assist that depre-
ciation. While the few are benefiting by it, while
the capitalists are rejoicing over their advantages,
the masses of our countrymen are suffering fear-
fully, and must continue to suffer still more, un-
less we awake to the magnitude of the crisis, and
use the great facts that God has furnished us with
to counteract the trouble and restore the public
confidence in all classes of our securities.
Sir, it may be urged that the most gifted intel-
lects and the most profound wisdom have been
exerted on the side of truth for the benefit of the
nation, and that no good reason can be assigned
for the declaration that that which is false has
been the most extensively circulated through the
modern machinery of the telegraph. To that I an-
swer, that during the whole of this war, certainly
during the existence of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress, the talent of this House has not been exerted
on the side of those questions which are operating
so powerfully on the interests of the people apart
from the war. The war itself, the measures for
its prosecution and final settlement, have engrossed
its entire attention, while for the wantof practical
legislation the solid industry of the country is
being subordinated by wild speculation, and the
currency rotting away daily, to the almostirrepa-
rable damage of the national interests.
But, sir, I look hopefully into the future. 1
cannot but believe that there is a great change ap-
proaching. The Secretary of the Treasury has
indicated the policy which he designs hereafter
to pursue. He asks no more legal-tender money
from this Congress. He marks out for himself
a well-defined line in the direction of a sound and
stable state of things, along which he is resolutely
determined to pass. A man reads with no under-
standing who does not detect such a resolution
in his report to this Congress. Sir, this policy
will have the effect to check the speculative mad-
ness of the present hour; it will have the effect to
reestablish public confidence in the power of the
nation and in the soundness of its obligations; it
will restore to sanity those who are mad, and
bring about a reaction of public sentiment in favor
of the currency which so many have been dis-
honoring, and which, for a time, is indispensable
to the safety and life of the nation.
When this moment arrives, as arrive it assur-
edly will, we shall again realize the influence of
electricity. The current of disorder will as sud-
denly subside; it will be rolled backward to its
source with an impetuosity of terrible strength.
The wires will again be in requisition, and flash
from all parts of the United States to the great
center of traffic; but conveying very different tid-
ings from what they have so long been used as the
instrument. Sir, on that day 1 commend New
York to the especial notice of this House. With
the decline in gold huge values will disappear,
from thirty-three and one third to fifty percent, m
a single day, and the masses of our people begin to
find the proceeds of their labor again equal to their
necessities.
Sir, it is our solemn duty to assist in bringing
about such a state of things. The first step we
are bound to take is to relieve the Government
from the fearful position of being a hoarder of gold.
It cannot afford to bo an instrument in the hands
of its enemies, a participator in the depreciation
of its currency, a party to the speculations of the
seaboard . It cannot be auxiliary to thatwithout
precipitating its own ruin.
The second step should be to allay the pub-
lic fears as to the value and extent of the legal-
tender issue. The amountis but$40O,OOO,OOO, not
$1,000,000,000. Instead ofan unlimited issue here-
after, not one dollar more is to be added; but, on
the contrary, the amount in circulation is to be
reduced, and a more enlarged systpm of taxation
established. Such, from the language of the Sec-
retary's report, is to be the future policy of the
Government.
The third is to exhibitand keepbcforcthe people
the absolute resources and power of the nation,
and show the difference between its ability to
meet the formidable emergencies of this war and
the ability of other nations at other periods to
meet the emergencies of their revolutionary and
other contests, because of the comparison that is
