me
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 4, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was ruad and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the. 11th of January, information relating to
tile arrestand imprisonment, by the military au-
thorities in Missouri, of soldiers belonging to the
ninth Minnesota regiment; which was ordered to
lie on the table,and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POMEROY presented a memorial of the
Council and House of Representatives of the Le-
gislative Assembly ofNew Mexico in favor of a
grant of lands, money, or bonds, to aid in the con-
struction of a branch lailroad and telegraph line
to connect with similar lines on the western line
of the State of Kansas, and running thro.ugh Colo-
rado, New Mexico,and Arizona, connecting with
the Central Pacific railroad of California; which
was referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
"He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Kansas in favor of a grant of money or
bonds to aid in the speedy construction of the
Atchison, Topelta, and Santa Fe railroad; which
were referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILKINSON presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Minnesota in favor of the es-
tablishment of a mail route from the city of St.
Cloud, Minnesota, via Fort Abercrombie and
Bannock City, to Fort Walla-Walla, to connect
■with other mail routes running through Oregon
and Washington Territory; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota in favor of an extension of the
benefits of the pension law to the widows and or-
phans of those who were engaged in the service
of the United States in suppressing the late raid
of the Sioux Indians in that State; w#ich was
referred to the Committee on Pensions, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citizens
of Iowa, praying for an extension of the act of
March 3, 1857, for the relief of purchase rs and
locators of swamp and overflowed lands, so as to
make good the tiLles of bona Jlde purchasers; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. LA.NE, of Kan'sas, presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas in favor of a grant
of lands to aid lfi the construction of a tailroad
and telegraph line from the eastern line of the
State to intersect the Atchison,Topeka, and Santa
Fe railroad; which were referred to theCommittee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 offer the petition of William
H. Jameson, a paymaster in the United States
Army, who sets forth that lie was on board the
steamer Ruth at the time it was burned on the
Mississippi river; that a large sum of money was
lost by him at that time, and, at the same time,
some of Ills vouchers; and he prays Congress, by
a-special act, to direct the Paymaster General of
the United States to enter a credit in his favor for
the sum for winch such vouchers were lost. I
ask its reference to the Committee on Claims.
It was so referred.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present the memorial of the
First National Bank of St. Paul, Minnesota, rep-
resenting that on the 19th day of December of last
yeai , they transmitted a package directed to Hon.
F. E. Spinner, Treasuier of tilt- United States at
Washington, containing twenty-five five-twenty
bonds of the denomination of $1,000 each, ten
five-twenty United States registered certificates of
$1,000 each, bearing niteiest from December 2,
1863, and all of them payable to the Treasuier of
the United States in trust for the First National
Bank by the president of said bank; that upon
each and every of said five-twenty bonds there
was indorsed an assignment in the form required
by the regulations of the Tieasury Department.
These bonds and certificates weie being sent to
theUnited StatesTreasurer to be deposited under
the conditions of the act of February, 25, 1863,
aa a basis for the issue of circulating currency
notes to said bank, and they were intrusted to
Franklin Steele, Esq., who was about visiting
Washington,and by him were deposited in a trav-
eling-trunk, which trunk was placed at the time
of his departure upon the bootof the stage. Dur-
ing the night of December 21, 1863, the stage
was robbed of the trunk and securities, together
with certain property and money belonging to
said Steele; and neither the trunk nor bonds and
registered certificates, nor any part thereof, have
been recovered, although every effort has been
made to do so. The memorialists pray that an
act may be passed for their relief, authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue bonds and cer-
tificates for those stolen. I move that the memo-
rial be referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED,
On motion of Mr. NESM1TH, it was
Oldered, That tile memorial of Charles MeCormiek, an
assistant surgeon ill the Army, praying for compensation for
extra services, be taken from the files* of the Senate and re-
ferred to the Committee on Militaiy Affairs and the Militia.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John Gordon, a messenger
in the Post Office Depaitment, praying for compensation
for extra Msivlce  performed out ot ofliee houia, be taken
fiom the files of tiie Senate and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
PRINTING OF BILLS,
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, it was
Ordered, That the joint resolution (S. No. 32) for the
removal of the jefugee fudians in Kansas to their homes in
the Indian country, be printed.
On motion of Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No.- 143) making appropria-
tions. for the icpair, preservation, and completion o( ceitain
public works hcretoi'orecommenced under the authority of
law, be printed.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that
the President of the United States had approved
and signed on the 29th of February the following
bills and joint resolution:
A bill (H. II. No. 26) reviving the grade of lieu-
tenant general in the United States Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 230) to extend the time for
the withdrawal of goods from public stores and
bonded warehouses, and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 42) authorizing
the payment of prize money, due to Commander
Abner Read, United States Navy, to his widow,
Constance Read.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, from the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 119) to reorganize and
promote the efficiency of the Army chaplains'
department, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. NESMITH,from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 118) to promote the effi-
ciency of chaplains in the Army of the United
States, and define their rank, pay, and emolu-
ments, reported adversely thereon.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. NESMITH asked, and by mmnimous
consept obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
149) granting lands to the State of Oregon to aid in ,
the construction of a military road from Portland
to Dalles City; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
WILLIAM YOCOM.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, 7Mi.it the President of the United Suite* be re- ;
quested to communicate to the Senate n copy of the chaijre
or clMige*, the sentence or judgment, the pi oofs and all tin* j
p.ijyrs nnd proceeding-, including his pauion, connected j
with the ca&e of William Yoe >m, of th« State of Illinois, i
or of the State of Kentucky; and also if the -said Yoooiri is j
now m piirfon ; and it 30, where, and loi how long a teiin. ,
BILLS BECOME LAWS. !
A message from the President of the United !
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced I
that the President had appioved and signed, on 1
the 3d instant, the following bills: j
A bill (8. No. 94) to authorize the settlement of |
the accounts of Paymaster E. C. Doian; and \
A bill (S. No, HO) to provide for the pro tec- 1
tion of overland emigration to the States-arid Ter-
ritories of the Pacific.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr.fPOMEROY. 1 ask the consent of the
Senate to submit an amendment to a bill which
is now before the select committee on the Pacific
railroad, which I desire to have printed in order
that the committee may consider it in connection
with the bill. It is an amendment to the bill (S.
No. 132) to amend an act entitled " An act to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,
and to secure to the Government the use of the
same for postal, military, and other purposes,"
approved July 1,1862. I ask that the amendment
be printed and referred to the select committee on
the Pacific railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so re-
ferred, and the order to print will be made, if there
be no objection.
STATISTICAL fiBNSUS TABLES.
Mr. BROWN. With the permission of the
Senate, I should like to call up a resolution that
I offered some weeks ago, and which is now lying
on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Brown on the 17th of February:
Resolved, That the Superintendent of the Census be re-
quired to prepare for the Senate staustical tables expressing
in full the population of the United States, classing accord-
ing to the hydrograpluc dwhionsot North America, as ar-
ranged in the accompanying article. Also, the relative in-
dustrial occupations. of the population in each hydrograpliic
subdivision, distinguishing the rutal from the town popu-
lations. Also, the agricultural, mannfactuiing, and com-
meicial statistics of each, expiessed in aggregate totals,
specifying the population of cach county oi paitof county,
city, &c.
Mr. BROWN. I am informed that the inform-
ation called for does not require a great deal of
additional woik, as it is partly arranged already,
and certainly it will be very valuable to the coun-
try. According to the present arrangement of our
statistics, and the divisions under which they we
embraced, it is purely conventional. This is an
effort to have a better basis laid down—one that
shall conform to the great features of the country,
and that shall enable us to judge with greater accu-
racy as to the relative proportions of population
and industry. I cannot conceive thatany objection
can be entertained to the adoption of the resolu-
tion. I understand that there are clerks now un-
employed in the office who can present this woik
without interfering with other business. I trust
it may be adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know of the
Senator from Missouri what information he has
as to the extent of this work. How large is it
to be?
Mr. BROWN. Not very large. I presume it
can be done by the unemployed labor of the cleiks
now in the office.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know anything about
it myself; but J simply judge from the reading of
the resolution that it proposes a different method
of republishing the same matter that has already
been published, namely, the census returns. They
are to be put in a different shape, 1 suppose, for
some pamcular purpose which I do not under-
stand. After they have been put into that shape,
and reported to us, then comes the question of
printing. "
Mr. BROWN. We can determine that ques-
tion when it arises.
Mr. GRIMES. I have learned that when these
reports are once before us, we are always in the
habit of printing them to an almost indefinite ex-
tent. I think we have been expending quite money
enough in the printing of documents. I under-
stand there is now a deficiency of £>000,000 from
last year for the printing of documents which
was not anticipated by Congiess, and that that
docs not cover the amount of the deficiency. Un-
less there is some reason assigned by the gentle-
man from Missouri which has not been assigned
yet, and which I do not at present comprehend, I
tun opposed to calling for this information.
Mr. BROWN. I will say in reply to the Sen-
ator from Iowa that I understand that the mere
labor of the compilation which is here asked for
can be performed by the unemployed clerks now
in the office.
Mr. GRIMES, Then I will ask why those
