938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareli 4,
disagreed. They agreed to so much of it as im-
posed a tax of sixty cents up to July, but they
disagreed to that part proposing seventy cents
-between July and January, and eighty cents after
the 1st of January. Now if the Senate recede, the
effect will be to pass' the bill with a sixty cent tax
wpto July, and there will be ivy provision for a tax
after July, nor upon what is on hand. Whether
,you pass the bill or reject it, you get no tax upon
liquor on hand, and that is the great point on which
we differed.
There is a further provision- in the bill. To
meet the tax proposed to lie put upon domestic
liquors oil hand, the House of Representatives
imposed a tax upon foreign liquors on hand to
.correspond. To that the Senate disagreed, and
;by receding now we leave that provision in the
bilk We shall still leave the tax of forty cents
to be imposed upon foreign liquors on hand, sub-
ject to the regulations of the Secretary of the
Treasury. Many of the members of the commit-
tee, and indeed I may say all, upon an informal
consultation, think it is better that the Senate
should recede and allow the bill to become a law
imposing a tax on domestic liquor manufactured
between now and July of sixty cents, and also a
tax of forty cents upon foreign liquor upon hand,
but trusting to the action of Congress to repeal
the latter provision. As the bill provides that that
tax is to ne levied under such regulations as the
Secretary of the Treasury may from time to time
prescribe, before those regulations can be provi-
ded Congress may act and repeal the provision.
The committee would rather do that than lose the
bill.
Mr. CARLILE. Then, as [ understand it, the
effect of voting to recede will be to tax domestic
liquors.hereafter manufactured sixty cents.
Mr. CLARK. Yes, with the incongruity I
have mentioned. That is the whole of (be bill.
The point the committee discussed is whether we
had not better pass the bill and get a tax of sixty
cents on the liquor hereafter made, rather than to
let the bill fail, because if the bill fails and a new
one is brought in, I fear that we shall have the
same controversy arising between the House of
Representatives and the Senate. Perhaps we had
better gain one step now and get a tax of sixty
cents upon the liquor on hand. Thatis my judg-
ment in regard to it, and I have stated the whole
effect of the bill as it will stand if the Senate re-
ccdc
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio that the
Senate reccde from its amendments to which the
House of Representatives have disagreed.
Mr. FOOl. Before the vote is taken, I think
it proper to state that my colleague's [Mr. Col-
lamer's] absence from attendance on the Senate
is occasioned by severe indisposition.
Mr. GRIMES. I will say the same of the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden.] I have
seen him this morning, and he is confined to his
bed by sickness.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I desire to state that my
I colleague [Mr. Riddle] was called home a few
days since, and has been prevented from return-
ing by sickness.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cnrlile, Clark, Cownn. Davis,
Dixon, Foot, Foster, Harding, Harris Ilcndrick?, flowc.
Johnson, Lnnc of Indiana, Lane of Kansas. Morgan, Mor-
rill, Nesmith, Pomcroy, Sherman, Sumner, Van Winkle,
Wade, Wilkinson,and Willey—25.
NAYS—Messrs'. JJrown, Buckalew, Chandler, Doolittlc,
Grimes, Harlan, Howard. Powell, Ramsey, Saulsbury.and
WiUon-U. '
So the motion to recede was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns; to-dav it be to
meet on Monday next.
TREATY WITH OREGON INDIANS.
Mr. NESMITH. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 25.
Mr. GRIMES. What is it?
Mr. NESMITH. It is a bill to authorize the
President to negotiate a treaty with the Klamath,
Modoc, and other Indian tribes in southeastern
Oregon. It is very important that there should
be action upon it at once.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which authorizes the President to con-
clude a treaty with the Klamath, Modoc, and
Snake Indians, in southeastern Oregon, for the
purchase of the country occupied by them. It
also appropriates, for the purpose of carrying out
the provisions of this act, the sum of $20,000, to
be expended under direction of the Secretary of
the Interior.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. FOSTER. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Oregon if the President now has not
full power to negotiate treaties with these Indian
tribes, and indeed with all foreign nations.
Mr. NESM1TH, There is a law which pro-
vides that no treaty shall be negotiated with In-
dian tribes without the consent of Congress. I
do not recollect the date of the statute, and I can-
not turn to it at present; but I know that such is
the law, and that-the President cannot negotiate
a treaty with these tribes without the authority of
Congress.
I will state in regard to this particular treaty
that it is importantthe bill should be passed now,
in order that the negotiation may be made early
in the spring. The Importance of it is fully im-
pressed upon the Department. These three tribes
of Indians occupy what is called middle Oregon,
or rather southeastern Oregon. They occupy a
country about as large as what the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] would designate one of
the two New England States. They occupy a
country about half as large as New England. It
is a country abounding in precious metals, and is
the direct thoroughfare to what is known as the
old Fremont claim, from the Columbia river to
California. There was a great deal of travel pass-
ing through that country. The Indians have been
hostile for many years, and they have now cut
off all the travel by that route. By their hostility
within the last two years, the Government itself
has suffered a lossof some fifty or sixty thousand
dollars, by reason of their breaking up the reser-
vation of Iriendly Indians contiguous to them, the
confederated tribes of middle Oregon living di-
rectly noi th of them. Itisof very great import-
ance to make this treaty, in order to open com-
munication between Oregon and California, and
to prevent the depredations of these Indians, not
only upon travelers, but upon the reservations of
the friendly Indians themselves, whom we are
bound to protect.
There are several reports here recommending
it. I will not occupy the time and attention of the
Senate by reading thpse reports. The bill has the
favorable recommendation of the Committee on
Indian Affairs. If any Senator desires any fur-
ther explanation of it, I am ready to give it.
Mr. FOSTER. I will ask if there is a report
of the committee accompanying the bill?
Mr. NESMITH. The committee directed me
to report it back, with a recommendation that it
pass.
Mr. FOSTER. No written report?
Mr. NESJN$£fXH. No, sir; there was no writ-
ten report.
Mr. WILSON. I think this bill had better lie
over for a day or two to give us time for inquiry
and reflection upon it, and I therefore move to
postpone its further consideration until to-mor-
row.
Mr. NESMITH.. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will not insist on his motion. It
is necessary that the bill should be passed now,
so that it can be made available this spring. It
is -very important to that portion of the country.
Mr. WILSON. Does the Senator think that
a postponement for a day or two will delay its
pas-sage ?
Mr. NESMITH. It will delay it some time.
As it must go to the House of Representatives it
should be acted on here at once, if it is to be made
available this spring.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will suggest to the Sena-
tor from Oregon, that as the morning hour lias
now expired, he allow this bill to go over. That
will leave it the unfinished business of the morn-
ing hour, to come up to-morrow in the morning
hour. If any Senator desires further information
on the subject, it can then be given. I make that
suggestion to him, to allow it to go over now and
-come up to-morrow as the unfinished business of
the morning hour.
Mr. NESMITH. TheSwnatoi from Kentucky,
[Mr. Powell,] who is entitled to the floor on the
special order which comes up atone o'clock, 1ms
kindly consented that I should occupy a little por-
tion of his time to finish this bill. If Senators in-
sist upon it, however, I will let it go over, though
I should prefer to take a vote unon it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The special order
of the day is the unfinished business of yesterday,
and the morning hour having expired, that is now
before the Senate.
Mr. NESMITH. By the courtesy of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, I have his consent to consider
this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
will be passed over informally, if there be no ob-
jection.
Mr. POWELL. I am willing to let it be in-
formally passed over until this bill is disposed of
if the Senate wish to act upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. FOSTER. I -certainly do not oppose this
bill for any reasons that 1 know why it ought not
to be passed; but I do ask a little delay in order
that I may inform myself, and get a few more
good reasons why it ought to be passed before
it is acted upon. The Senator from Oregon is
well informed about it, and is satisfied that it
ought to pass, and is probably correct. He waa
imperfectly heard, however, near me, in conse-
quence of some disturbance in the Chamber, and
1 did not hear all that he said. I understood him,
however, to say that the President could npt ne-
gotiate a treaty with these particular tribes of In-
dians. If that is so, of course it needs a law to
authorize negotiation; but it seems to me a sin-
gular fact if it be so. I know not why the power
of the Executive which is given him by the Con-
stitution has somehow been got rid of. As I said,
I know nothing about this matter, and it may be I
should say nothing until I inform myself; but it
came up suddenly and unexpectedly. There is
no report accompanying it. I wish the Senator
would consent to let it lie until to-morrow.
Mr. NESMITH. 1 consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the special
order will be taken up, on which the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Powell] is entitled to the floor.
MILITARY INTERFERENCE WITH ELECTIONS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 37) to
prevent officers of the Army and Navy, and other
persons engaged in the military and naval service
of the United States, from interfering in elections
in the States.
Mr. POWELL concluded his argument on the
bill. [His speech will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 4, 1864.
The House met §t twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Changing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House of January 6, relative to payments made
to certain railroad companies.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that that paper be
printed and referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
CODE OF NATAL LAWS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a report from the commis-
sioner (Hon. Charles B. Sedgwick) to prepare a
code of laws for the naval establishment; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr.MOORHEAD, by unanimous consent,in-
troduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and referred, under the rules, to
the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That uvo hundred and fifty additional copies
of the ptoposed naval code be printed for the use of the
Navy Department and the commissioner of the code.
