1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
930
INTERNAL KETiSNUB BILL.
Mr. FAR.NSWORTH. I wish to state that
yesterday I was paired off with Mr. Cox on the
whisky bill. I should have voted with the ma-
jority of the House, while Mr. Cox would have
voted with the minority.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I desire to withdraw the
vote I gave yesterday upon the revenue bill. I
was pairedupon that bill with my colleague, [Mr.
Washbdrne.] I did not think of the fact until
this morning.
No objection being made, the vote was with-
drawn.
Mr. BOYD. I was unintentionally absent yes-
terday when the vote was taken on the whisky
bill. Had I been here I should have voted with
the minority.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I understand I was paired
yesterday by my friends with Mr. Driggs upon
the internal revenue bill. Mr. Driggs is pres-
ent, and we would both like to vote.
. No objection being made,
Mr. LOVEJOY recorded his vote in the affirm-
ative, and
Mr. DRIGGS recorded his vote in the negative.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I desire the con-
sent of the House to record my vote upon the
report of the committee of conference upon the in-
ternal revenue bill. I was absent from the House
yesterday, as I have been for a few days past, on
account of sickness.
Mr. SPALDING. I must object to all such
requests.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York., If I had been
present I should have voted to recede from the
disagreement of the House to the amendments of
the Senate.
FKEEDMEN'S BUItEAU.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Ohio. I ask the unanimous
consentof the House to record my vote on the pas-
sage of the bill to establish a Freedmen's Bureau.
I was unavoidably absent when the vote was taken.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 object.
. Mr. O'NEILL, of Ohio. I desire to state, then,
that if I had been present I should have voted in
the negative.
FREE SCHOOLS IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Rcsoh'cJ, Tliat Daniel Breed, Sayles J. Bowen, and Ze-
nns C. Itobfoins, commissioners or trustees appointed by
the act of llth July, 1883, to dispose of certain taxes im-
posed on persons of color in the District of Columbia to
establish tree schools, be lequested to make report to this
House.
MAIL COMMUNICATION WITH BRAZIL.
Mr. ALLEY, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
reported a bill authorizing the establishment of
occan mail steamship service between the-United
States and Brazil; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title, recommitted to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
CRANDALL AND HOUGHTALING.
Mr. NORTON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Edward W. Crandall
and Abram Houghtaling; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
GENERAL MEADfi's REPORT.
Mr. NORTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
RcsolvcJ, That ton thousand copies of thoieportof Oon-
rial Meade of the battle of Geitysbura and the accompany-
ing report, of suboidinnte officeis be printed for the use of
the member ot till-. House.
Mr. STEVENS. I must object to that.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask the unanimous conscnt of i
the House to report a private bill from the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as this is the res;- '
ular day for calling the committees for reports of i
a private nature, it seems to me that it would he
much better to have the regulai order of business,
and then the gentleman's bill will conic in m its
regular order.
Mr. ELIOT. If objection be made, I call for
the regular order ot business. ;
Mr. L-IOLMAN. I (lo not object. I simply
call myself for the regular order of business, so -
that all the committees may be tailed.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular or-
der of business, to call the committees for reports
of a private nature.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONERS.
Mr. LAW. Mr. Speaker, a few days since,
at a meeting of the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions, it was suggested that an inquiry should
be made of the Commissioner of Pensions what
number of revolutionary pensioners were then
on the rolls of his office entitled to and drawing
pensions fiorn the Government; secondly, their
names and age; and thirdly, in what States they
were enrolled; and I was directed to make the in-
quiries. I accordingly wrote to the Commissioner
to furnish me the list, and the paper which I hold
in my hand is his answer. This paper I wish
read by the Clerk, and when read, with the reso-
lution which accompanies it, to be placed on the
Journals of the House as a matter of interest to
every member, and, as I have no doubtit will be,
to the whole country.
How many of the patriotic and gallant men who
fought the battles of our country in the war of
the Revolution, who poured out their blood like
water and thereby achieved our independence, do
you think, Mr. Speaker, are on the rolls of the
Pension Office here, and are receiving a bounty
from the Government? Twelve, sir; twelve only,
of all that army which the Father of our Country
led to victory, now, after eighty years since the
treaty of peace in 1783,are living, and it is amat-
ter of wonder, as well as a matter of gratulation,
that any are living. The youngest, who must
have entered the Army probably not over twelve
years of age, as he must have been but fourteen
when peace was established,is ninety-four. The
oldest, one hundred and five.
Mr. Speaker, one of the finest poets that ever
lived in this century, and one, probably, who had
few superiors at any time, (Byron,) in closing
one of his stanzas at midnight, while the oil of
his lamp was nearly expended, and the wick flick-
ering in its socket, thus most beautifully and elo-
quently moralizes:
" How little do we know that which we are.
Or that which we may be ! The eternal surge
Of time and tide roils on, and hears afar our bubbles!
As the old burst, new emeige, lashed fiom the foain
Of ages; and the graves of empires heave but as
Some passing wave."
Sir, the truth, the truth of history, both as to
men and nations, was never more graphically and
sententiously expressed, either in prose or verse.
Let history, either ancient or modern, tell its own
story, and it is but the repetition of the death of
the conqueror, and the destruction of the city or
empire he founded. Where is Tyre, Nineveh,
Babylon? Where is Carthage? " Delenda est"
is the epitaph on its tomb, as it may be written
on that of all the others, and the stranger now
works among their ruins to find some relic of
theii former greatness, but he labors in vain.
Where is Greece, once so famous in story, and
from which we have derived all our taste for the
arts? Where is Rome, imperial Rome, once the
mistress of the world, and now with a territory
less than one of our smallest States?
And is our destiny to be theirs in less than
eighty years from our formation as a Government,
ay, within the lifetime of anyone of these gal-
lant and noble men whose names are enrolled on
our pension list, and who were born before our
present Government existed ? Will they live long
enough to witness our exit as well as our cnti'ance
among the nations of the world—a Republic in
ruins, whose foundation was the work of their
hands, and that of their gallant compeers, whose
bones were scattered over every battle-field of the
Revolution from Bunker Hill to the gates of York-
town? Shall these centurial heroes, these old
and infirm veterans, live to see the day when the
Republic, which was cemented with their blood,
is broken in pieces and drenched in gore by'the
fratricidal hands of their chtldien? God foibid.
But who can predict what our destiny is to be?
None but Him "in whose hands are the destinies
of nations as well as of men." It may be that,
as a nation, we have not given to Him the glory
and praise of our prosperous career, but have at-
tributed it to ourselves, forgetting the omnipotence
of that Being who reigns supreme on eaith as in
heaven. It may be that, like Jeshurun of old, we
have £< waxed lat and kicked," andarenow,asa
nation, beinu; punished for our nansgressions.
" He can create,and He destroy;" His purposes
are not known to us, and it is well they are not.
But, Mr. Speaker, I did not rise to makea speech
in presenting t#ese papers to the House,and have
probably trespassed on the patience of the House
longer than I ought. But I cannot conclude, with-
out saying that my sincere wish and prayer is
that this small band of revolutionary patriots, all
that are left of those braVe and gallant men who
acquired our independence, notwithstanding their
age and infirmity, before they are ^gathered to
their fathers, may live long enough to see that
Union they and their comrades fought and bled
for, during a war of seven years' duration, re-
stored in all its parts—not a star blotted out or a
stripe erased from our flag, but floating proudly
in the wind, as it ever should have floated, on hill'
top and mountain, in cities and in plains, through-
out our whole country, peace and harmony arid
brotherly love again uniting us, as our fathers
were united,as one people in interest ami fellow-
ship, binding us together even by stronger ties
than those which made us once a great, powerful,
and prosperous nation.
Sir, I am no seer, prophet, orson of a prophet,
but I say to you, and I say tp the country, if our
Union is not preserved intact, " one and indivis-
ible," neither on this continent, nor on any other,
will a republican Government be established that
will last a quarter of a century; I doubt, even,
whether the experiment will ever again be tried.
If in this nineteenth century, with the intelligence
and love of liberty which ought to influence our
people, with the blood that has been shed to ob-
tain that liberty, with the example of our fathers,
with the advice of Washington, who saw and
dreaded the "sectionalfeeling" which has increased
from year to year for the last thirty yeais, we,
forgetful of his counsels, should rashly and wick-
edly permit our Union to be dissolved, what hope
is there in the future, what prospect of success,
even should those who are to come after us, un-
der the yoke of some military despot, endeavor to
break their chains, and once more become free-
men ? None, none whatever. The friends of
free government wouid stand appalled, the arm
that would strike for freedom be paralyzed, des-
potism would triumph, and tyrants rejoice that
the last hope offreedom was extinguished forever.
I now ask for the reading of the letter and the
resolutions.
The Clerk read the letter of the Commissioner
of Pensions, as follows:
Pension Office, February 18, 1864.
Sir: In reply to your letter of Februaiy 10, requesting
me to furnish you with the names of all revolutionary pen-
sioners, I have the honor to submit the following report,
which is believed to furnish, so far as if in my powei, the
information desired:
James Barham,on the Pt.Louis,Missouri,roll,at $32 33
per annum ; bom in Southampton county, Virginia, May
13, r«64; age,90 years 9 month*.
John Goodnow", on the Boston, Massachusetts, roll, at
$30 G7 per annum; born in Sudbury, Middlesex county,
Massachusetts, January 30,1762; age. 102 years months.
Amaziah Goodwin, on Portland, Maine, roll, at $38 33;
born in Somersworth, Strafford count}', New Hampshire,
February 16, 1759; ago, 105 years.
William Hutching, on Portland, Maine, loll, at $21 66;
born m York, York county, Maine, (then Massachusetts,)
in the year 1764.
Adam Link, on Cleveland, Ohio, roll, at $30 per annum ;
born m Washington county, Pennsylvania; age, 102 years.
Benjamin Miller, on the Albany, New Yoik, roll, at
$24 54 per anuumj born in Springfield, Massachusetts,
April 4, 3764; age, 99 years 10|- months.
Alexander Maroney, on the Albany, New York, roll, at
eight dollars per month; born in the year 1770, enlisted at
Lake George, New York; age, 94 years; enlisted by Ins
father, as he was young.
John Pettmgiil,"on the Albany, New Yoik, roll, at $50
per annum ; born in Windham, Connecticut, November 30,
1766; age, 97 years 2^ months.
Daniel Waldo, on the Albany, New York, roll, at .$96
per annum: born in Windham, Connecticut, September 10,
1762; age, 101 years months,
Samuel Downing, (papers do not show his age,) oil Hie
Albany, New York, roll, at $60 per annum; served in the
second New Hampshire regiment.
Lemuel Cook, on Albany, New York, roll, at $100 per
annum; no age or birthplace given in papers.
Jonas Gates, on the Sr. Johnsbmy}Veimoiit,roll,ateigbt
dollars per month ; papew mit-lrml.
Respectfully, JOSEPH II. BARRETT,
Commissioner.
Hon. John Law, House of Representatives.
The following letter subsequently addressed to
Mr. Law by the Commissioner of Pensions is
here inserted:
Pension Office, March 2, 1SG4.
Sir : I have the honor to state that, from the papers on
file in this office in the case of Jonas Gates, it appears that
his n-une is borne upon the pension loil of the State of
