942
THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
tEN in the chair,) arid proceeded to the considera-
tion of the private bills upon the Calendar, as fol-
lows;
F, A. HOLDEN AND OTHERS.
A bill (H. R. No. 226) for the relief of F. A.
teEolden, Eli Thayer, Hannah Bexton, D. W.
Frisby, and Hiram JBloss.
Mr. HOLMAN objected/
CHIPPEWA ANB OTHER INDIANS,
- Joint resolution (H. R. No. 38) directing the
Secretary- of the Interior to pay to the Chippewa,
Ottowa, and Pottawatomie Indians, residing in
Michigan, the sdm of $190,850.
. Mr. STEVENS objected.
■ - WINNEBAGO INDIANS.
A bill (H. R. No, 194) for the benefit of lmlf-
breeds and mixed bloods of the Winnebago tribe
of Indians.
Mr. MORRILL objected;
ISAAC R. DILLER.
A bill (H. R. No, 94) for the relief of Isaac R.
Diller.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, objected.
It. L. B. CLARKE.
. A bill (H. R. No. 256) for the relief of R. L. B.
Clarke.
* Mr. STEVENS objected.
BRIGIIAM YOUNG.
t A bill (H. R. No. 130) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Interior to adjust and settle the accounts
of ex-Governor Brigham Young as ex officio su-
perintendent of Indian affairs for the Territory
of Utah.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, objected.
ALBERT BROWN.
An act (S. No. 92) for the relief of Albert Brown.
Mr. AMES objected.
JACOB WEBER.
A bill (H. R. No. 203) for the relief of Jacob
Weber.
Mr. LOVEJOY objected.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. J. C. Allen reported that
the Committee of the Whole House had had un-
der consideration the Private Calendar, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
MASSACHUSETTS CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I now call up the Massachu-
setts contested-election case.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire to make a report
from the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. HALE. I submit to the gentleman from
Massachusetts that my half hour is not up yet.
Mr. DAWES. No; but the gentleman was
smarter than he promised to be.
Mr. HALE. I promised to occupy only half
an hour, and I have not had that length of time.
Mr. DAWES. Yet the gentleman has had time
enough to go through the Calendar. He went
through it in five minutes instead of half an hour.
WASHINGTON CITY SAVINGS BANK.
Mr.LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman withdraw
his motion till tho Committee for the District of
Columbia is railed?
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw it provisionally.
The SPEAKER proceeded with the call of re-
ports of a private character.
Mr. LOVEJOY, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, an act (S. No. 15) to
incorporate the Washington City Savings Bank;
and asked that it be put upon its passage.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEVY COURT EXPENSES.
Mr. LOVEJOY, from the same committee, also
reported back Senate bill No. 81, to apportion the
expenses of the levy court of the county of Wash-
ington upon the basis of population, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MASSACHUSETTS CONTESTED ELECTION. -
Mr. DAWES called up the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections in the case of John S. Sleeper,
contesting the right of Alexander H. Rice to a
scat in the House of Representatives as a Repre-
sentative in the Thirty-Eighth Congress from the
third congressional district of Massachusetts.
The resolutions reported by the committee were
read, as follows:
Resolved, That John S. Sleeper is not entitled to a seat
in this House as aRepresentative in the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress from the third congressional district ofMassachusetts.
Resolved, That Alexander H. Rice is entitled to a seatin
this House as a Representative in the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress from the third congressional district of Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to have gentle-
men send to the document- oom for the report of
the Committee of Elections in this case. It is a
peculiar case—not such as has heretofore come
before the House—depending entirely upon the
accuracy of the count of the votes, "which will be
better understood by gentlemen if they will refer
to the report of the committee in this case.
The district is the third district of Massachu-
setts, composed of six wards of the city of Bos-
ton, the city of Roxbury, and the town of Brook-
line. The official canvass of votes shows the fol-
lowing result: for Mr. Rice, 4^045 votes; for Mr.
Sleeper, 5,020 votes; making a plurality of 25 votes
for Mr. Rice. Mr. Sleeper claims that the true
result should be as follows: for Mr. Sleeper,
5,049 votes; for Mr. Rice, 5,017 v^tes; making a
pliasaJity for Mr. Sleeper of 32 votes.
The contest docs not involve the legality of any
of the votes cast at this election, but simply the
accuracy of the count, and the accuracy of the
count in a single ward only of the city of Boston
—the twelfth ward, or South Boston.
Mr. Sleeper claims that in that ward the true
count should have been: for Mr. Sleeper, 890
votes; forMr. Rice,805 votes; makinga plurality
for Mr. Sleeper in that ward of 85 votes. Mr.
Rice claims that the true vote in that ward was as
follows: for Mr. Sleeper, 861 votes; for Mr. Rice,
833votes; makinga plurality in thatwardforMr.
Sleeper of only 28 votes. It is upon this single
ward of the city of Boston, and upon this single
point, that the whole contest hangs.
The vote in the State of Massachusetts is by
ballot. A check-list is prepared ten days before-
hand. When a voter approaches the polls, his
name is fiist found upon the check-list and
checked off. He then deposits his ballot. There
is nothing upon the ballot to indicate by whom a
particular ballot was cast, and no meansof ascer-
taining that fact except from the voluntary state-
ment of the voter, or by the casual observations
of bystanders.
Jn the cities of Massachusetts each ward con-
stitutes an election precinct, and a poll is opened in
each ward. The ward officers consist of a warden,
a clerk, and five inspectors, who conduct the
election, in all other respects, the ballots are cast
at a ward meeting precisely as they are at town
meetings in the towns of the State, and in the
manner I have described.
The ward officers as well as the town officers are
required at the close of the polls to announce in
open ward or town meeting, before the adjourn-
ment of the meeting, the result of the ballot for
whatever officer is being elected. In wards they
are then required to make a certificate of the re-
sult and enter it in a record kept for that purpose,
tiansmitting certified copies of it to the mayor and
aldermen of the city, who are required in case of
an election of members of Congress to examine
these returns and transmit them to the Governor
of the Commonwealth and the Council, who as a
board of canvassers are to declare elected and give
certificates to the persons appearing to them to
have the highest number of votes.
Upon the night of theelection, when the voting
was had in the State of Massachusetts for Repre-
sentatives to Congress, which was on the 4th of
November, 1862, the ward officers entered upon
their record, and then certified and returned to the
mayor and aldermen of the city of Boston a cer-
tificate, which I will ask the Clerk to read.
The Cleric read, as follows:
City of Boston : t
At a legal meeting of the inhabitants of ward No. 12, in
the city of Boston, in the county ot Suffolk and Common-
wealth ot Massachusetts, qualified as the law directs, holden
in said ward on Tuesday, the 4th day of November, in the
year of our Lord 1862, for the puipose of giving in their •
votes for one able and discreet person, being an inhabitant
of di tiict No. 3, to repiesent said district in the next Con-
gress of the United States,the whole number of votes given
in as afoiesaid were sotted, counted, recorded, and decla-
ration thereof made, asby the constitution and law directed,
and were for the following persons :
For Alexander H. Rice, of Boston, eight hundred and
five (805) votes.
For John S. Sleeper, of Roxbury, eight hundred and
ninety (890) votes.
In testimony whereof, the warden, inspectors of elec-
tions, and clerk of said ward, have hereunto set their hands,
the 5th day of Novern ber, in the year of our Lord 18G2.
BORATTON. CRANE, Warden.
A. SMITH, Jr.,
FRANCIS VV. HILL,
30SEPI1II. TOMBS,
Inspectors.
GEORGE W. BAIL, Clerk.
Mr. DAWES. The number of votes thus cer-
tified to have been cast in this ward is the number
Mr. Sleeper claims to have been the true number.
And the mayor and aldermen certified the result
in the six wards of the city falling in this district,
and transmitted that certificate to the Governor
and Council. I ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Commonwealth of Massachusetts:
At a legal meeting of the inhabitants of the city of Bos-
ton, in the county of Suffolk, and Commonwealth of Mas-
sachusetts, qualified by the constitution to vote for civil
officers, holden in their several wards on the 4th day of No-
vember, being the Tuesday after the first Monday of said
month, in the year of our Loid 1862, lor the purpose of giv-
ing in their votes fora Repiesentativc in tho congressional
district No. 3 of said Commonwealth, it appears from the
seveial returns made to the boardof aldermen, and by them
examined accordtngto law,that the whole number of votes
given in were soited, counted, lecoided, and declaration
thereof made, as by the constitution is dueeted, and were
for the lollowing persons :
John S. Sleeper, of Roxbury, 3,629 ; Alexander II. Rice,
of Boston, 3,717; Alexander II. llice, of Roxbury, 8; Ly-
sander Spooner, of Boston, 1;   Rice, 1; William
Whitney, 1; Hemy Crocket, 1.
SAMUEL R. SPINNEY,
THOMAS P. R1CII,
JOS. L. IIENSIIA W,
JAMES L. HANSON,
GEO. W. PARMENTER,
E. T. WILSON,
THOMAS C. AMORY, Jr.,
OTIS NORCROSS,
JHdermen of the city of Boston.
Attest: SAMUEL F. McCLEARY,
City Clerk.
Mr. DAWES. To make up this aggregate is
included the number of votes certified in the cer-
tificate just read to have been cast for Mr. Sleeper
and Mr. Rice in this ward.
On the 11th day of November, seven days fol-
lowing, the ward officers of ward twelve made
an amended or additional return to the mayor
and aldermen, as follows.
The Clerk read, as follows:
City of Boston:
At a legal meeting of the inhabitants of watd No. 12, in
the city of Boston, in the county of Suffolk, and Common-
wealth of Massachusetts, qualified as thelawdnects, hold-
en in said waidon Tuesday,the 4th day ofNovember, in
the>eai of our Lord 16G2, foi the puipo^e of giving in their
votes for one able and discreet person, being an inhabitant
of district No, 3, to repiesent said district in the nextCon-
gic&softhe United States, the whole numbei ofvotesgiven
m as aforesaid was ported, counted, reeoided,and declara-
tion thereof made, as by tlic constitution and law is directed,
and were for the following persons:
To Alexander II. Rice, a  per collected return, eighthun-
died and thirty-three (833) votes, instead of eight hundied
and five, as per original return; and for John S. Sleeper, as
per corrected return, eight hundred and sixty-one (861)
votes, instead of eight hundred and ninety, as per original
icfurn. HORATIO N. CRANE, Warden.
GEORGE W. BAIL, Clerk.
In testimony whereof, the watden,inspectors of elections,
and clerk of said ward have hereunto set their hands tho
11th day of November, in the year of our Lord 1862.
HORATIO N. CRANE. Warden.
FRANCIS W. HILL,
ALFRED SMITH, Ji.,
THOMAS JOHNSON,
JOSEPH H. TOMBS,
C. A. CONNOR,
Inspectors.
GEORGE W. BAIL, Clerk.
Suffolk, ss :
City of Boston, November 11,1862.
Then personally appeared the withm-named persons, to
wit, Horatio N. Ciane, waidcn; Francis W. Hill, Alfred
Smith, jr., Thomas Johnson, Joseph If. Tombs, and C. A.
Connor,inspectors of elections, and Ceoige W. Bail, clerk,
who solemnly swore that this coireeted return signed by
them is tiue.
Before me, HORACE SMITH,
Justice of the Pcace.
