1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
they will not only do less than justice to the con-
testant, but open the road to a host of evils in the
future. Let me not be misunderstood. In say-
ing this, 1 mean nothing disrespectful or deroga-
tory to the honor or intelligence of any member
of the Committee of Elections, all of whom are
gentlemen of high character and doubtless desir-
ous of doing justice to all men. They probably
view the subject from a stand-point far different
from mine, but, nevertheless, being human be-
ings, are liable to error.
•It is manifest that in this case, which appears
on the face to be merely the claim of an individ-
ual to a seat in Congress, or a contest between
two individuals attached to two different political
parties, important principles are atstake—princi-
ples which are closely connected with the rights
of the people and the integrity of the Government;
and the decision of the House of Representatives
in Congress is awaited with much interest not
only by the voters of the third congressional dis-
trict in Massachusetts, but by all intelligent citi-
zens in that Commonwealth.
- Nor is the importance of this decision confined
to Massachusetts. If the House of Representa-
tives in Congress should sanction or encourage
the doctrine that, after the return of votes made,
declared,and recorded, according to the laws of
the-State in which the election was held, it may
be disregarded, and pronounced null and void; if
the House should set aside an election in conse-
quence of a recount of votes in a single precinct
several days after the result had been declared in
-presence of the people, and when, meanwhile, the
votes had been kept in a loose and insecure posi-
tion, inviting an attempt at fraud, a host of evils
will inevitably follow. The House will not only
sanction a course of action adverse to the spirit
and the whole character of our Government, but
establish a precedent which wiil subject future
legislators to a vast increase of labor and respons-
ibility. The declaration of no election at the polls
can be relied on, as the result of a recount several
days afterwards may be made by dexterous pol-
iticians to meet any case. If 28 votes are wanted
■ 28 votes will be found. If 50 votes are wanted
-50 votes will be found. If the doors of an office
worth $1,000 a year are not ready to open to re-
ceive a new incumbent,tin equivalent can be found
-in some other way. Bribery and other influences
will be freely used to set at naught the verdict of
the voters. Villainy will be pitted against-vil-
lainy; and the longest purse or the most power-
.ful political influence will carry the day.
Mr. Speaker, I was led to contest this seat,
not by an ambitious wish to obtain the high honor
-of a seat in Congress, as all who know me will
bear witness, but by a sense of duty to those who
advocated my election, by afeelingofself-respect,
.which instinctively shrinks at the idea of tamely
Submitting to an act of injustice; by a wish to
preserve the purity of elections and plead for the
sanctity of the ballot-box, the corner-stone of a
republican Government, and which should be kept
sacred and inviolate, and guarded from even the
possibility of being polluted by prying eyes or
■unhallowed hands. And whatever may be the
result of my appeal, 1 feel that I have faithfully
and conscientiously performed my duty. ^
And I ask the Representatives in Congress—
and surely it is not asking too much——that in de-
ciding this case they will bear in mind the true
question at issue, and base th^ir decision not on
the comparative political or personal merits of the
two individuals who are directly interested, but
on the merits of the case itself, and to say who,
in accordance with the laws of Massachusetts
and t[\e decrees of justice is entitled to represent
in this honorable body the third Massachusetts
district.
Mr. DAWES. I call the previous question
upon the resolutions.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; being first upon the
following resolution reported from the Commit-
tee of Elections:
Resolved, That John S. Sleeper h not entitled to a seat
In tins House as a Representative in the J lnrty-Ei?hth
Congi ess from the third congressional district in Maswacnu-
setts.
The resolution was agreed to.
The question was tlien taken on the following
resolution, and it was agreed to:
Resolved, That Alcxandei H. Rice is entitled to a scat in
this House-as a Representative in the Thirty-Bighth Con-
gress from the third congressional districtin Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the votes
by which the two resolutions were agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TJSE OF TUB HALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
•Resolved, That Ihe use of the Hall of this House be, "and
tiie same is hereby, granted for an exhibition of the pupils
of the Institution tor the Deaf and Dumb, and the Blind, on
Thursday evening the 10th instant.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LAW. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn.
INSPECTORS OF CUSTOMS.
Mr. FENTON. Objection has been withdrawn
to my reporting a bill which I asked leave to re-
port "this morning, and if,the gentleman from In-
diana will withdraw his motion to adjourn 1 will
ask leave to report it now, and then renew the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. LAW. With that understanding I with-
draw my motion.
Mr. FENTON asked unanimous consent to
report from the Committee of Ways and Means
a bill (S. No. 66) to increase the "compensation
of inspectors of customs in certain ports.
Mi. SPALDING objected.
And then, on motion of Mr. FENTON, (at half
past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 5, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Ciianning.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. STILES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itselfinto the
Committee of the Wliolc on the state of the Union
on the President's message.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itselfinto the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the Pres-
ident's annual message.
STATE SOVEREIGNTY AND TREASON.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachuetts. Mr. Chair-
man, 1 have listened with profound interest to
what has been uttered in these discussions touch-
ing the present state of the Union; and I cannot
avoid believing that the work we have in hand
would thrive better if there were in the country
and m this House less partisan conspiracy and
more friendship for the national Government.
Could every man prevail on himself to seek only
what is best for the nation our work would be-
come easy. Difficulties would vanish; the way
before us would brighten; troublesome questions
would grow clear; and our deliberations would be
regulatedby a power of wisdom transcendingany
force of debate or sagacity in applying principles.
I suppose, however, it is not reasonable to ex-
pect this, considering that a vicious old political
dynasty that has long controlled the Govern-
ment is now in the last agonies of dissolution,
and also that a struggle with supporters of the
insurgent slave power goes on at the North, while
the bloody conflict with that power is maintained
in the South.
In the party of the Opposition, when the con-
flict began at Charleston, there were men who,
rising at once above all partisan considerations,
gave° themselves unreservedly to the duties of
patriotism. Others, taking the tone of disaffec-
tion, have sought chiefly to restore the so-callcd
Democratic party by encamping around the dis-
consolate wreck of its national organization and
howling at " black Republicans"and " abolition-
ists." But in that party is a controlling class of
men who make us feel that, in sympathy and^iur-
pose, they are on the side of the rebellion. These
are the northern slavery extremists, who long
nfo, forgetting or failing to comprehend the grand
meaning of this Republic, brought themselv«&
to act as if the slave power were really, the fun-
damental law of the land. From the beginning
they have insisted that the conspirators,isShouW
be allowed to have their own way; and they now
insist, substantially, that.submission^ tlte will
of treason is the only Maskable w'ay to poaee.-
They would withdraw our armies; they would,
send embassadors to Richmond; they; would «te
anything to accommodate, the rebellion and-save
its leaders; they would lower ,tl>e national Gov-
ernment (o equality with confederate treason;
they Would-substitute "State sovereignty "fcrr
both human rights and nationality; and they haVe
been willing to putarms in the hands of the rebels,
while seeking to restrain and weaken the Govern-
ment. , ■
The gentleman from New York, ,[Mr. Fer-
nando Wood,] regarded as a representative, of
this class, describes the endeavor to defend the
Union ana crush treason by force of arms as " this
hellish crusade of blood and fartfine," and he
charges that it " was commenced without cause. "
Yes, he says, " withouteause." This is tallf-iijjj
as the rebel leaders'talk, and it shows Ills relation
to them. That opposition to tiie Government from
this source, which,came out so fiercely when the
necessary measures against treason were, first
taken, only needed the atmosphere of Charleston
or Richmond to become open rebellion; an"d_ ifjj
loudest fury has proceeded from those who n]\vity3
become honey-mouthed and overflow with " holi-
day and lady terms" when they talk of the south-
ern traitors.
I propose to discuss this opposition ofour north-
ern slavery extremists, and consider parti?ularjy
their disorganizing southern doctrine of State su-
premacy. t
I. No observerof this contest has failed to see
how .constantly the measures of the Goyefnmofijt
against the rebellion have been met with denials
of its right to use such measures, supported by
appeals to what is called "State sovereignty.','
They have been denounced as usurpations  of
powerthat threaten extermination to " the'sover-
eignty of the States;" it-being the policy of this
opposition to reduce and paralyze the authority of
the national Government in alt its relations to* the
doctrine and practice of the secessionists. The
gentlemen who desire to be sent as embassadors
to Richmond are evidently ready to accept the
latest form of the doctrine and make it the basis
of their proposed treaty with the rebel leader^.
They and their political associates have always
accepted this doctrine in some form. It is pre-
sented to this House in such speeches as that of
thegentleman from Pennsylvania,[Mr. Dawson;]
who begins here noW where he left off eight years
ago. It is seldom absent from the annual resolu-
tions of their party friends in the loyal States.
A recent article in one of. the chief newspaper or-
gans of these factiouists, describes the national
Government as " but the agent of the sovereign
States," and goes on to declare that the aim of ifis
party is to "maintain the sovereignty-of the
States," against " the encroachments of-the Fed-
eral Government," which-, it. is charged, aspires
to be something higher and more supreme than«
mere agency of the States.
Sovereignty is the highest, the most absolute,
and the most essential prerogative of a nation.
It cannot rightfully be predicated of a-hy politi-
cal society or community that is not a .nation.
There cannot be, in the same nation, two sov-
ereignties, not to speak of thirty or forty. The
scope of the national Government is limited and
defined by the Federal Constitution; but it in-
cludes everything necessary to the full establish-
ment of national authority and power; and tothiS
Government, and to this alone, belong the rights
of sovereignty. The States of this Union have
certain reserved prerogatives which* the national
sovereignty is bound to respect; but it is absurd
to call them sovereignties, or to talk as if it be-
longed to them to assume and uso the rights of
sovereignty. Some other term must be employed
to describe them, and it must be some term that
cannot be made to deny the fact that they are
only parts of a nation. ,
The States, whose people estabhshedtttK Gov-
ernment, never were, and never undertook to A>e,
independent sovereignties. At fii-st they were
colonies and dependencies of Great-Britain; neact^
by the Declaration of Independence, they became
