1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which armed treason has disorganized. I shall
not now undertake to determine every question
relating to the present political condition of that
part of our country formerly known in (he Repub-
licas the State of South Carolina. Of one thing,
however, I am sure: whether it be now a State
without a government, a land district in need of
popular sovereignty, a howling wilderness of
treason, or, if gentlemen prefer, a star in eclipse,
or perhaps an exploded comet, it is, unquestion-
ably, still a part of the nation. And the full au-
thority of the national Government should be re-
established there as soon as possible, without
waiting to have it voted in, and without any con-
sultation whatever with the rebel leaders. The
national Government, representing and acting for
the people of the United States, has a right of sov-
ereignty in the whole insurgent section of the
country, which nothing but successful revolution
can abrogate. It is, therefore, the imperative duty
of the Government to take possession of South
Carolina, and of every other disorganized part of
the nation, by force of arms, punish treason, pro-
tect loyalty, and provide there for the reestablish-
ment of order, and for a regular enforcement of
Ihe laws.
But right here we encounter preposterous talk
of the States as mysterious, indestructible, and
sovereign entities, distinct from the people, and
quite superior to everything else in our political
system. The State organizations are set forth as
the States, and in speeches and resolutions it is
maintained that these organizations in the hands
of the rebels are very sacred State " sovereign-
ties." And yet how absurd it is, under any cir-
cumstances, to talk of a State organization as a
fixed, changeless, absolute something, above the
people, greater than the nation, and endowed with
a sort of divine right to bind and control both the
people and the national Government! And how
wicked to talk as if an organized league of trai-
tors could legitimately be recognized as a State
in this Union! The political organization once
known as the government of the State of South
Carolina transformed and outlawed itself, and be-
came an agency of treason, no more entitled to
consideration than one of those organizations of
"Knights of the Golden Circle"so much used by
the conspirators. And yet for this club of viru-
lent traitors is demanded not only the constitu-
tional deference due to the loyal people of a loyal
State, but also the prerogatives of sovereignty.
The national Government is told to beware of
touching the holy ground of State supremacy in
dealing with it, and warned off from its duty.
It is, or ought to be, a maxim that the people
of a State are superior to its institutions. It is
their prerogative to make and unmake institu-
tions. In our political system the word " State"
means something more than a given section of in-
habited territory, something more than a consti-
tution and codc of laws written on parchments,
something more than any form or degree of po-
litical organization. Judge Story, in his Com-
mentaries on the Constitution, says the word
State, " in its most enlarged sense, means the peo-
ple composing a particular nation or community;"
and he adds that " the State, and the people of
the State, are equivalent terms."
The disorganizing theory of State supremacy
and prerogative must be flung aside, if we mean
to uphold the Government and save the nation.
Moreover, if the national Government have any
right whatever, it has a right to assert itself
against conspiracy anil treason; that is to say,
therightof sovereignty. Weneednotgo to books
and precedents for the law on this point. It is
self-evident. It mocks reason and affronts com-
mon sense to urge upon the Government the doc-
trines and scruples of disloyalty, and bid itcrouch
and crawl before treason like a shivering imbe-
cile. Its duty to establish and maintain its au-
thority, and to secure order and a republican form
of government in each disorganized State, implies
legitimate power to do so. The power is there
by what James Madison called "unavoidable
implication," and explained in the Federalist as
follows:
{C No axiom is more dourly established, in law or in rea-
son, than that wherever the end is required the means aro
authorized; wherever a general power to do a thing ib
given, every particular power necessary for doing it is in-
cluded- ,}
To this right of sovereignty the conflict with
rebellion has superadded the right of war. In
order to crush rebellion in the most effective man-
ner the national Government may use either right,
or it may use both together. It was decided in
our courts, by Chief Justice Marshall and others
of his time, and it has been reaffirmed since, that
in cases of what Grotius describes as " mixed
war," or war between a Government and a re-
bellion, the Government may have belligerent
rights superadded to the right of sovereignty, and
that in suppressing rebellion it may, with entire
consistency, act in the two-fold capacity of sov-
ereign and belligerent. But can it reasonably be
doubted that in dealing with persons the right of
war in this case must necessarily be modified and
limited by that obligation of sovereignty Which
requires it to discriminate between loyal menand
traitors.' Letmeexplain here thatby the national
Government I mean all that is meant in the Con-
stitution. The right of sovereignty belongs to the
whole Government, and not to any single branch
of it exclusively. The,very idea of sovereignty
implies not only executive power, but also the
power that provides rules and regulations by
which the Executive shall proceed. Hence Black-
stone says:
" Sovereignty and legislature are, indeed, convertible
terms; one cannot subsist without the other."
But it is not my purpose to discuss these ques-
tions. I seek only to show that the Government
has no lack of legitimate power to deal with the
rebellion,and also with the slave power, the bale-
ful cause of our national trouble, as they deserve;
and that it can recognize no legitimate obstruction
to its operations in this southern doctrine of State
supremacy.
There is very noteworthy significance m the
fact that the disloyal crusade against the suprem-
acy of the national Government is undertaken in
behalf of the so-called rebel States, and not in be-
half of the southern people. The organizations in
the insurgent section of the country called " State
governments" by the rebels are strongholds of the
slave power and main defenses of its system of oli-
garchy. The slave interest demands reverence for
them, agencies oftreason though they be, and in-
sists that ft is a vested right of the rebel leaders, by
whora they are controlled, to represent and bind
the whole southern people. Should these foul
nests of treason be crushed to pieces and swept
away into the past to moldcr with the rubbish
of the ages, the downfall of the slave power would
be complete, and the southern people would hail
the day of their emancipation. Power, in that
section, would pass into new hands, and be used
to promote interests of more importance to human
welfare and prosperity. Here are the reasons
why the slavery extremists everywhere interpose
their doctrine of State supremacy between the
Government and the rebellion. To gain peace,
security, and a permanent restoration of the Union
the Administration and its supporters would deal
directly with the southern people, or with that
portion of them who have not become traitors
and public enemies. Northern friends of the
rebels insist on having commissioners sent to
treat with the" authorities at Richmond," or with
the rebel authorities in each rebel State; that is
to say, with the foremost rebel leaders', as if they
had a representative right to speak for the south-
ern people and control their political destiny.
The difference is very great. Observe it care-
fully.
III. If anything comes out clearly, when we
study these questions, it is that in this conflict
the slave power or the Republic must perish. If
anything has beenlearned from the history of our
politics during the last thirty years, or if any-
thing has been forced upon our attention by the
events of the present time, it is that absolute ex-
termination of the slave power is essential to the
restoration and security of the Union. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] professes,
very ungraciously, to accept the destruction of
slavery as a fact accomplished. Will he do any-
thing to make the country quite sure of this fact?
Is thegentleman himself quite certain that slavery
is already dead beyond hope of resurrection? At
one season of the year in our northern latitude
all the serpents appear to be dead; but when
spring returns, with reviving influences, and the
sun shines warm on the earth, the revived ser-
pents crawl forth from their hiding-places as full
of life as ever. Thus, I fear, would the slave
power revive to more than its former vigor if
that gentleman's party should be allowed t«S as-
sume control of the Government.-
The other day the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Yf.aman',] in a speech that seemed to me
admirable for its candor and for its loyalty Vj the
Union, although I cannot.aceept all the views lie
advanced, spoke of slavery asa " collateral issue"
raised unnecessarily and exalted to " paramount
importance." He might as well describe the part
of Hamlet in the play as a collateral part, raised
to paramount importance by injudicious players.
Dismiss the slave power from the nation, and you
dismiss the rebellion itself, and bring'the Ameri-
can people the gladdest day of hope and_ peace
they ever knew. New life, unity, and aspiration
would transfigure the whole country. Give us
this great confiscation and but little more will be
needed. Can any gentleman study this rebellion
and believe that such infidelity to free institutions
and such treasonable rancor against the Govern-
ment would have been possible in this country
without long training in the school of slavery?
Does any gentleman believe the work of restor-
ing the Union would be either long or difficult if
the hope of restoring the political power of sla-
very were dead and turned to ashes, even in every
northern apologist for the traitors? Treason was
bred by slavery, and its only supporters are sla-
very extremists, North and South.
What slavery has done to destroy the nation
was foreseen as possible by the earnest men who
founded the Government. They held that " sla-
very is inconsistent with thagenius of republican-
ism, and has a tendency to destroy those principles
on which it is founded." Such opinions of the
men of that time are as familiar to us as house-
hold words; but they felt sure that slavery would
soon disappear. Instead of disappearing it found
unexpected life and vigor in the cotton-plant;
grew to be a political power; transformed com-
munities and States; taught men to mock at the
Declaration of Independence and denounce its doc-
trine of equality and human rights as a " self-
evident lie;" organized despotism and defiance of
constitutional rights in everycommunity subject
to its sway; and, finally, perfected a conspiracy
to dismember and destroy the Union.
We hear men talk gravely, now and then, of
having again the Union as it was; that is to say,
the Union with the slave power unharmed and
in its old place; and some men talk on this sub-
ject as if it were possible to turn back from these
years and results of bloody treason as one Uvras
from an hour of engrossing amusement. They
have not taken pains to comprehend the relation
of the present to the past and to the future. " The
Constitution as it is." Yes, until the people see
fit to change it in a regular and orderly manner.
" The Union as it was." This is not possible.
If we could go back to the past, and have agaijj
theUnion preciselyasit wasundertheslave power
for some years before the outbreak of this rebel-
lion, what thoughtful man would desire it in pref-
erence to going forward to something better? ^ Is
another thirty years'struggle with'the growing
influence, audacity, violence, and political athe-
ism of the slave power something to pray for?
A struggle in which the influence of slavery shall
be the paramount consideration in our politics,
and the supreme influence in the Government; a
struggle in which every great interest of the coun-
try must be subordinated to the clamorous schemes
of filibusters and slavery propagandists; a strug-
gle in which nothing can make itself heard save
die pretensions, arrogances, barbarisms, and an-
athemas of slavery, and which shall inevitably
lead on to another terrible outbreak of conspiracy
and treason—is a return to all this, instead of de-
liverance from it, something to pray for?
But we could not repeat all that if we would.
That' volume of our history is now at the close.
We are about to commence another. The con-
tents of this new volume, unknown to us now, be-
cause we cannot lift the vail that hangs over the
future,, will be determined by the result of this
contest, and especially by the policy that shal£i
regulate the restoration of peace. In the near;
ture the nation will be <( all slave or all
malignant slave despotism shaken by ananchy of-
an emancipated and magnificent Repubfecrr-oneof
these two. The issue has been mad* up for us
bv the slave interest itself, and we have not the
power to change it. Henceforth^ tf we have the
