056
THE CONGRESSION AL G-LQm
MaMhl),
considerable Democratic county in the State (Du-
buque) to exhibit a climacteric of baseness by a
refusal to vote a dime to soldiers' families, and
give their pittance only as to paupers asking for
food and for clothing as protection from the rigors
of a northern winter.
Such "is a truthful chapter of the honors be-
stowed and the iove shown by the Democracy for
the valiantsoldiers of the Republic. Ithas passed
into history, while the undaunted Army like
"The mower moves on, though the adder may writhe,
And the copperheads curl round the blade of the scythe."
A few facts incidental will show that this former
party-hold upon public confidence is not lost with-
out reason. Democracy is now controlled mainly
by caucuses and the magic touch of political
wires and cumbrous machinery, which must be
lubricated by some Jew broker of the house of
Rothschilds. Once the editor and the press were
controlling, and, by calm discussion and the an-
nunciation of principles undapproved historic pre-
cedents, new leases of power were given to the
party ruling so long. How changed! That great
lever, the press, most effective in organizing and
con so lidatuig public opinion, has passed into other
hands—one iobe of the brain of the party has
been struck with paralysis. Three fourths of the
issues of the press, in quarterlies, monthlies,
weekly and daily sheets, are for minds that will
brook no neutrality, and abhor leaders in dalliance
■with an oligarchy. Thus to have lost a welcome
to the shop of the mechanic and the kitchen of
the farmer, such as the Democratic newspaper
had so long, tells at once of the rising sense of
justice with the people, and furnishes a striking
commentary on party servility.
In close relationship to the loss of the press,
that once powerful ally of Democracy, is its alien-
ation of our scholars and loss of control over the
academies, colleges, and universities of the Union
States. The sagacity of persons and parties in
countries boasting of refined civilization and can-
didates for popular favor holds in high estimation
the mute influence from classic halls and the
molding philosophy of professors, which finds
power and many voices in the graduates' love for
their alma mater. Even Philip of the bloody In-
quisition asked respect as a patron of learning,
and the haughty Stuarts gave pledge with condi-
tions that Britain's halls of science should be an
attraction to the world, and Jefferson, 011 his re-
tirement to private life, as a crowning gift to his
country, founded an institution oflearning, which
he fostered as the child of his old age. He left
the world sharing the gratitude of millions, whose
memory is hallowed to-day not more as the
founder and expounder of true Democracy than
as the fiiend of the school and the college.
Were Jefferson now to revisit the earth and
seek companionship in his dear old Virginia, he
would find his rudimental ethics and political sci-
ence disowned, and himself without a stranger's
welcome to tarry for the night. The campus he
planned would be seen a pasture fur worn and de-
crepit cavalry, the college halls vacated by con-
scripted students to give room to a wounded sol-
diery falling in a contest so unholy that there was
44 no attribute of the Almighty" that could take
titles with them in the contest. In his own county
he would mark a relapse into barbarism*, and, ex-
tending a survey over all those States where floats
the old flag, he could not find a prospered acad-
emy, an endowed college or university controlled
by, and a faculty in sympathy, with, Democracy.
The school-boy's history, tracing the course of
subserviency and the proffers of peace to rebels
in arms made in that name which 13 desecrated
by such association, thus invites the just judgment
of the founder of Democracy, which posterity will
repeat:
"The curses ufhate and the Imse^ of s-eotn
Shall himlcn the winrN of the
And proud o'er thy nun forever be hurled
The laughter of triumph, the jeer* of the vvoild."
Too long have I been detained with the party
and its pretensions, which I leave in the charge
of its once most eminent defenders, with this dec-
laration by the London Times:
11 It ha« pleased the Democratic party in the North, by an
amount of moial cowardice to which history furnishes no
parallel, to commit political suicide."
And this by the New York Herald:
" It-; decline ami fall aie as much a matter of history as
(no dcelnic ami tail at'the Roman empiie."
Agreeing in this, a cheering fact, that its political
control is reduced to a single State where slavery
is not the corner-stone, that of " Camden and
Amboyand further, that it is doomed to that
abandonment in every loyal Commonwealth to
which it is now left in that once Democratic par-
adise, the State of Iowa; in the truthful, laconic
lamentation of a member that their party was
" reduced to just two sets of four-hand eueher,"
less'than the insignificant few required to save a
city of the plain from consuming fire,
Thepatientso far weakened by the prescriptions
of quacks, this shall be our apology for tearless
quietude in this hour of its spasm and the death-
rattle—Medicamenta iion agunt in cadaver—too far
gone to test the virtue of medicines.
In my few remaining moments let us turn from
the perfidy of party to that power in the divine
alchemy which brings compensation for man's
recreancy and the dire calamity of war. It was
this bloody baptism and the pall of mourning
darkening the skies which led the Government to
bind the star of freedom on the nation's brow,
and brought us the sympathies and inspired the
hopes of the true democracies of the world, and
gave us the favor of the God of battles. This
acceptance of the arbitrament of the sword, with
untold losses, has led to the awakening of latent
energy and the development of national resource
and wealth before unknown. Foreign nationali-
ties now stand in awe and dread of our colossal
strength. Their landless and unemployed peo-
ples who have heard of our free homesteads, the
pure air and free schools of the prairies, theacres
of coal-fields counted by millions, the mountains
of iron, a varied clime, and room for the indus-
trial employments of a hundred millions of peo-
ple, give us the promise of wealth and national re-
source which will make our war debt as but the
small dust in the balance. We have seen our
nation rising into moral grandeur, her soldiers the
peers of the heroes at Tliei mopylse, welcoming
with a smile the shortening of their eauhly pil-
grimage, in the thought that daring to die their
children should find fi lends, themselves a remem-
brance, and their country honor and renown.
The fires of patriotism are burning with un-
wonted glow in the hearts of millions crowding our
fairs and redeeming the time by toiling ministries.
Woman makes cheerfullyaricher offering for her
country's weal than the gold from the mountain
and the ocean's pearl by the gifts of her lord and
her child, and meets as ever before the full wants of
her country in its peril. By divine compensation
the church of God has thrown up its royal high-
way for conquest, where there shall be neither
tyrant nor slave, in that dawning era when the
science and song of the nation shall be universal
liberty.
Souls are blending in fiery raptures as we weekly
learn of the fall of despotism in State after State,
and listen to more than a presidential proclama-
tion of fieedom, the voice of God in our war, who
" has sounded forth the trumpet that shall never
call retreat." It is the grand upheaving hour of
the ages, when centuries take voice to teach us
history and bid us reenact justice for universal
man. This done, and who doubts that the issue
shall be an early and honoiable peace? Then the
later generations will learn what we forgot, that
they need no Vulcan-wrought armor ill a good
cause, for mightier than the shield of Achilles
shall be His promised help for the right:
" As un the fiery trael; of freedom falls the mild baptismal
ram,
And the allies of old Evil feed tliefuture's golden grain."
CONDUCT Of THE WAR.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. It has been as-
serted upon this floor and elsewhere that thou-
sands of lives have been sacrificed, millions of
treasure expended, and an immense amount of
property destroyed during this war. This I ad-
mit; butwhen the persons who make these state-
ments go further and state that the Administra-
tion and its fi lends are responsible for it; when
they asseit that they are the cause of all this, I
meet this last statement with a flat denial. All
the fearful and ruinous consequences which have
been attendant upon this war are chargeable upon
the guilty authors of this rebellion. They are
chargeable upon the traitors who, without cause
or provocation, inaugurated this, the most wicked
ami unprovoked rebellion of which history gives
any record, or which has ever disgraced any civ-
ilized nation on the face of the earth. Tbeycom-
menced this struggle to obtain for slavery the
mastery over freedom, and to make the institution
the corner-stone of a skive confederacy. • There
is no use in closing our «yes to the great fact,
patent to all, that this is a contest between free-
dom and slavery, I take mystand.on thesideof
freedom, and -am glad to know that itiilliorss. of
the men of this country are standing on the same
platform. I,-am also most happy to know that
more than half a million bravo men are found
who are to-day fighting the battles of this bloody
wjr for the maintenance of this Government and
the freedom it secures. And they will continue
the fight until IheGovernmentismaintained,aSrtd
then this nation "will become in fact and truth,as
well as name, the land of freedom. They will
continue to bear our nation's Sag until it shall
float in triumph over eveny State, over every
county, town, and house, with none to oppose it
in all the length and breadth of this restored, re-
deemed, and disinthralled Union.
The war on the part of the United States is
purely and simply a war of defense—of defense
against causeless aggression. This is certainly
sufficient to arouse the "energies and call forth the
utmost efforts and sacrifices of the bravest and no-
blest people that ever lived on the face of the earth.
On the part of the rebels this war has been car-
ried on with an amount of vigor and obslimicy,
with a degree of heroism, bravery, and self sac-
rifice which would have done lasting honor to ja.
more worthy and just cause. The resources of
the rebels in men and means, in all the materials
of war, have.proved to he far greater than we
had expected. The struggle has been morepro-
tracted, more terrible, and more destructive than
in the commencement we supposed it was possi-
ble for it to be. But the courage, the devotion
and patriotism of the American people have been
equal to the emergency. The Government, fdr
netuly three years, has conducted this war w.if;h
a far-seeing sagacity, piudence, ability, aiid wise
statesmanship which challenge the admiration
of the world, and to which the impartial historian
will do ample justice, however much political
prejudices may blind the public mind at the pres-
ent time, During all this time, in sunshine and
darkness, the people have shown a high-toned,
self-sacrificing patriotism and devotion to the
country, and an aptnessfor military affairs which
has no equal or precedent among the nations of
the earth. - •
Notwithstanding .the thousands of lives sacri-
ficed, the hundreds of millions of treasure expend-
ed, and the vast amowit of property destroyed,
this contest has not been destitute of good results.
.These proud and defiant traitors have been hum-
bled. It is true they have had their victories, but
they have never gained one inch of ground. We
have had our defeats, but our armies have never
fallen back. We are to-<lay master of the whole
course of the Mississippi; masterof all the border
States, Arkansas,Tennessee,and Louisiana. All
that remains is to stifle the revolt in the narrow
territory where it first burst forth,and back to
where it has been driven in despair. It is true
we have sustained reverses and disasters, yet the
grand arid brilliant triumphs jvhich have been ob-
tained by our advancing eolumnS'more than out-
weigh all of these reverses. Our blockade seals
their ports, our flag waves in triumph upon the
soil of every rebellious State. With defeated and
demoralized armies, thinned by disease, death,
and desertion to an extent that their merciless con-
scription cannot fill; with a worthless currency,
credit destroyed,and their territory reduced to less
than one half'of its original limits, the time cannot
be far distant when complete success will crown
our efforts, and the leaders of this foul and dam-
nable rebellion will receive a traitor's doom and
a felon's death.
Our advance has not been confined alonetoour
armies. During this three years of struggle, of
mingled hope and fear, while these grand and
magnificent results have been accomplished by
our armies, the cause of freedom and humanity
has not been standing still. We have been pro-
gressing. While contending legions have been
engaged on the field of battle, the people have also
been at work. A war,of ideas has been in prog-
ress of vast and immeasurable importance to the
future of this .country and the cause of freedom.
