1864
THE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOSE.
Society Iujs been stirred to its profoundest depths.
The people have caught the inspiration of the
hour. They have become convinced that slavery
is a great wrong, and that it and freedom arc en-
emies to oaeh other. This great and important
truth, which for a long rime had apparently been
overlooked by many, has flashed upon their vis-
ions, and, astonished at their former indifference
or blindness, they have resolved and are now re-
solving that in this country in the future univer-
sal freedom shall become the rule and slavery the
exception. It is hardly necessary for me to say
that what the people have thus in their might and
power resolved to do they will surely find the
means to accomplish.
While this progress has been hailed with the
most profound satisfaction by some, it has caused
the most intense fear and alarm to others. In the
destruction of slavery they see the dissipation of
their political hopes and schemes of future polit-
ical aggrandizement and greatness. For years
slavery has been the great moving cause, the
mighty influence which toa large extent has given
strength and power, and which has enabled a cer-
tain party in this country to control the politics
of the nation, in its destruction they see the over-
throw of their most powerful ally. Hence all
over this land when the strong arm of freedom in
aid of this Government is stretched forth to strike
the shackles from the hands and feet of slaves,
you hear of opposition—of opposition to the war
—of opposition to this progress of public opinion,
tuid peace is proposed as the remedy for our na-
tional troubles. We are advised to compromise,
to offer terms of conciliation to these traitors who
are covered with their crimes and stained with
the best blood of the nation. Such suggestions
in my opinion aro entitled to but little importance.
These men have gone from us—repudiated their
allegiance without cause or provocation. In their
madness and passion they have raised the parri-
cidal hand against the best Government the wis-
dom of man ever devised or the sun of heaven
ever shone upon, and the nation has been shaken
to its center under the terrible blows aimed against
it. They have not only aimed to destroy this
Republic, but upon a hundred battle-fields stained
with blood and human gore they have attempted
to murder its defenders.
Under these circumstances nothing hut severe
and well-directed blows, laid on with a firm and
steady hand, will bring these hardened villains to
a sense of the great wrong they are attempting to
inflict upon this country and the cause of human
freedom. "They are deaf to the voice of reason
and the demands of justice." Any show of clem-
ency on our part would be received by them as
evidence of our weakness, and only strengthen
them in their course of madness, treason, and
folly. Any efforts at conciliation which we might
make would be treated by them with ridicule,
scorn,and contempt. Consistently with the honor
and dignity of the nation we cannot offer terms
of peace so long as they maintain their present
hostile and defiant attitude against the- Govern-
ment. To do so we must virtually concede their
independence, and that we are unable to cope with
them in the field, and so it would be interpreted
by other nations. From the commencement of
this conflict the way to peace has always been
open to them. It is open now upon the terms of
submission. Let them lay down their arms and
submit to the Government. Clemency toward
the masses would then become a virtue. This
they refuse to do/ They demand the independ-
ence of the confederacy. Anything short of this
they say they will not accept. Upon this point
Alexander H. Stephens made use of the following
language in July, lb63:
" As for reconstruction, sucli a thing is impossible, such
an idea musst not be tolerated for an instant, iloconstruc-
tion would not end the war, but would produce a more hot-
rible war than that in which we me now engaged.
The only termson which wecan obtain peirnunent pence
is final and complete sopaiation fiom the North llatlicr
than submit to anything shoit of that, let us lcsolvc to die
like men worthy of freedom."
These are their terms: to recognize this con-
federacy, to give up whatever they choose to
take, abandon the Union men of West Virginia,
Maryland, Kentucky, Missouri, Tennessee, and
Louisiana, in short of the entire South, to the
tender mercies of the confederate leaders; this is
w hat they demand. Does any man think this a
safe course to pursue5 In all the history of the
past did any nation ever secure an honorable !
peace by showing her own weakness, and that
she was unable to maintain herself in a just war?
Are we prepared to say to the South, take back
the forts which weie ceded to us; wrest from us
the Gulf States which were bought with a price
live sixths of which was paid by our free popu-
lation; partition our Territories; help yourselves
to the public domain, and dedicate it to the with-
ering and blighting curse of slavery; open and
close the great Mississippi at your pleasure; do
with us as you please; notwithstanding we out-
number you nearly three to orje, we cannot re-
sist you, we cannot defend ourselves? Who is
ready to accept such terms, and sound the death-
knelt of this great Republic, so grand in its pro-
portions, its aims and objects? I fear some such
may be found, and I must invite your attention
for a moment to the*men who are engaged in this
work of peace in the North.
Who are these men thatdemand peace, and are
continually crying peace, peace, from the house-
tops of this whole country ? We sometimes in
courts judge of the ciedibility of a witness by his
character for tiuth and veracity. We judge in
ali the varied relations of life of men by the com-
pany they keep. We sometimes judge of a cause
by the sort of men who advocate it. So in these
times of trial and difficulty, when the life of the
nation is at stake, we should judge of this cry for
peace by the sort of men who are engaged in it.
Are they friends or are they enemies? We should
examine with some care these doctors who offer
this remedy for the healing of the nation's infirm-
ities. First among them, standing at their head,
is Clement L. Vallandigham. Who is Clement
L, Vallandigham ? His history for the last two
years all are familiar wilh. A convicted traitor;
to-day an exile fiom his home and native State,
in consequence of his crime against his Govern-
ment in the time of its greatest danger.
In the Appendix to the Congressional Globe,
on page 240, Thirty-Sixth Congress, second ses-
sion, 1 find the following:
"And now let me add that I did say, not in Washington,
not at a dinner table, not in ihe piesence of ' fire-eaters,'
but in the city of New York, in public assembly of north-
ern men, and m a public speech at ihe Coopei Institute, on
the 2d of November, 1860, that ' it any one or more ot the
States of this (Jnion -hould at any tune secedc—for reasons
ot the sufficiency and justice of which, before God and the
great tnbunal ot history, they alone may judge—much as
k should deplore it, I never would as a Representative in
the Congiessj of the United States vote one dollar of money
whereby one drop of American blood should be shed in a
civil war.' That sentiment, thus uttered in the presence of
thousands of ihe meichantb and solid men of the free and
patriotic city of New Yoik, was received with vehement
and long-continued appiaiw, the entire vast assemblage
rising as one man, and cheering for some minutes. Audi
now deliberately repeat and reaffirm it, resolved, though I
stand alone, though all others yield and (all away, to make
it good to the last moment of my public life."
Standing upon the threshold of the fearful vortex
which was about to ingulf this nation in the com-
mencement, even before the commencement, while
the storm-clouds were gathering, m view of the
approach of this rebellion which has shaken this
Government to its center, he thus spoke. How
has he spoken since ? Let the sentence of that court
which sent him into banishment answer. As a
member of this Plouse fiom the great loyal State
of Ohio, while the earth trembled beneath the tread
of hundreds of thousands of armed rebels, and the
roar of battles that were to decide the fate of this
nation was hoard, how did he vote? What brave
defender of this country has been sheltered, fed,
or clothed by appropriations he voted for, though
thousands have poured out their blood like water
for the good cause, have given their lives that the
nation nughtlivc, fillmgourland with widows and
oi phans? What single one of all these has been pro-
vided for by appropriations he sustained? What
greatmeasure calculated lo aid theGovernment in
its great work against traitors and treason received
the sanction of his gieat name or the assistance of
his powerful influence ? The answer is s>hort and
conclusive: not one. And this man wants peace
on any terms. Heonghtto. Peace may save him.
God knows his patriotism never will.
Who stands next among these apostles of peace?
The answer is upon every man's lips. Wc al-
most unconscious! y and involuntarily turn toward
the courtly, dignified, able, and polished gentle-
man from New York, the acknowledged leader of
the other side of this House, and are compelled
to cxclHm, "Thouait the man." When this re-
bellion first burst forth', inits^ery inception, while;
good men stood amazed and agnastat the corning4
storm, while the old ship of State was shaking
and trembling at its approach, with an imbecile or
something worse at the helm, the South, in antici-
pation of the conflict, had purchased arms. They,
were then in the city of New York. They were;
seized by the polite of the State. The'gentleman,
was applied to for aid, and what was his response? .
Here it is: "
Milledgeville, Jamaryi24t 16®.
To his Honor Mayor Wood:
is it true that any arms intended forfmd consjgoediotfre'
State of Georgia have been seized by public authorities: in
New York? your answer is important to us and to New
York. Answer at once.
It. TOOMBS.
To this the mayor returned the folio wingans wer:
Hon. Robert Toombs, MilledgeoUle, Georgia:
In reply to your dispatch, I regret to say that aims in-
leaded for and consigned to the State of Georgia have-been,
seized by the police of this State,but that the cityof New
York should in no way be made responsible for the outrage.
As mayor 1 have no authority over the police. If T had
the power I should summarily punish the- authors of this
illegal and unjustifiable seizure of private property.
FERNANDO WOOD.
It must be remembered in this connection that
Georgia adopted her secession ordinance on the
19th of January, 1861,and thisdiBpatch bears date,
the 25th of the month, five days;afterwards, and
after it was known to'the gentleman and the whole
country.. Yet the seizure of those arms that were
to be used by the rebels against this Government
for its destruction and the murder of American
citizens, he denounces as an outrage, as illegal.
How did it happen that the leading conspirators
applied to this gentleman? It must have been
becausc of his known friendship and sympathy.
It cannot be explained upon any other hypothe-
sis. How much of patriotism and love of coun-
try is found in this dispatch? Let the gentleman
answerand the country judge. Thus inthe com-
mencement this gentleman is found in the com-
pany and in sympathy with Toombs. Andwhere
has he been found since—upon the side of his coun-
try or against it? When and where has.his, voice
either in the halls of Congress or elsewhere been
raised against traitorsand treason? Whataid has
he given this Government in the great work it is
accomplishing? It is true, he and those with whom
he has acted—the whole peace party—have been
engaged in a war, bitter, vindictive, and relentless,
but not against traitors. Their war has been
against the Administration and the friends of the
Government. While these have been fighting
with all of their strength and power, while they •
have been struggling against the hosts of treason,
the gentleman and those acting with him have,
been making war upon them and their measures.
From the commencement, with ali of his power,
influence, and strength, in season and out of sea-
son, upon the floor of this House and elsewhere,
thegentleman has opposed everyJmportantmeas-
ure made use of to suppress this ungodly rebellion.
In a speech delivered in this House on the 26th
of January last 1 find the following remarkable
and extraordinary sentiment uttered by the gen-
tleman from New York:
"This war must cease, I care not how or from what cause,
whether by exhaustion on either side, by southern submis-
sion or success, by mediation or by northern magnanimity,
or by northern sense of self-presetvation. The war must
cease. Theie mn*t be an end of it sooner or laterfromone
cause or from another, f think all will concede this*. Ad-
mitting therefore, this conclusion, the next inquiry is how,
and when ? These are the proper questions for thU Con-
gress to determine. When shall this war cease ?"
What are we to understand by this? Is the
gentleman totally indifferent to the result of this
struggle ? Does he not care how it ends, whether
in success or defeat? Is there a man in all the
North so destitute of interest in the nation's wel-
fare? I have quoted the gentleman's language
contained in his printed speech, and will leave it
for his explanation and the judgment of the coun-
try. Certainly this gentleman is a fit companion
for Vallandigham, and the two are fit and estima-
ble advocates of peace while such sentiments are
thrown broadcast over the country.
Sir, I am not willing under such circumstances
to follow such leaders in such a cause—one al-
ready convicted of disloyalty and the other mak-
ing rapid strides, as rapid as his superabundant
caution will allow him, in the same direction.
With these facts I leave the world to determ-
ine whether these men are really friends. I have
shown that the terms proposed by the South we
