1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
misunderstand or misinterpret the nature and char-
acter of this contest. We are or ought to be the
friends of this Govern mentowingitallegianceand
support, and its enemies are or should be our en-
emies. The friends of this Government are my
friends and its enemies are my enemies, is the lan-
guage of the patriot. We cannot advocate the
cause of our enemies without justly subjecting
ourselves to the charge of sympathy with them.
Enemies of the Government they are our personal
enemies,and we cannot defend them without right-
fully sub jecting ourselves to the charge of aiding
and abetting them and their cause.
Another principle was also settled in the same
case to which I have referred. The court differed
as to the time when the war became a civil war;
a majority holding that it became such when hos-
tilities became general, and the minority holding it
became such from the 13th day of July, 1861, the
date of the passage of what is generally called the
" non-intercourse act." All of the judges, how-
ever, agreed that from thatdate-the war became a
civil territorial war.
What then are the rights of those engaged in
the rebellion from that date? This question is
fully and authoritatively settled by the same de-
cision. It settles the principle that from that date
the Government was entitled to full belligerent
rights against all persons residing in the district
of country declared by the President's proclama-
tion to be in rebellion; that the laws of war,
whether that war be a civil war or a war between
independent nations, converts every citizen of the
hostile State into a public enemy and treats him
accordingly, whatevermay have been his previous
conduct; that we may rightfully from July 13,
1861, exercise all the rights of war against the
confederacy and the citizens thereof.
Such being the law of this country as settled
by our highest judicial tribunal to determine the
rights of enemies, we have only to refer to the
Settled principles of the law of nations. Some of
these are very clearly set forth in the dissenting
opinion of the judges in the same case:
"A state of war Instantly converts the citizens of the two
countries into enemies to each other. All intercouise,
commercial or otherwise, becomes unlawful. All con-
tracts, compacts, and treaties between them are annulled.
It terminates and annuls all obligations of debt unless se-
cured by subsequent treaty of peace. A civil war woiks
all o!" these consequences, except that when the rebellion is
suppressed the sovereign may treat the rebels as subjects
and punish them as traitors."
It must then follow that when the war became
a civil territorial war, for all the purposes of the
war, all of the obligations and compacts existing
between the confederate States and the Govern-
ment as against the citizens of those States (they
being enemies) were annulled and destroyed. The
moment these men became belligerents and enti-
tled to the rights of war as against themselves
they ceased to be citizens entitled to the rights of
citizens. They then forfeited their rights as cit-
izens and became entitled only to the rights of
enemies in war.
This forfeiture (which at least continues during
the war) does not depend upon the decision of a
judicial tribunal, nor upon any act of Congress,
norproclamation of the President, but it follows as
the certain and inevitableconsequenceoftheir hos-
tile position against the Government. Nor can
any act of theirs restore them to their rights as citi-
zens. Having forfeited their rights without any
fault of the Government, by their own wrongful
acts, they can only be restored by the consent of
the injured Government. They are enemies, and
must be dealt with as such so long as the war
lasts, and until pardon is extended to them by the
Government, which may and should be extended
to the deluded masses. Any other principle would
work the greatest mischief and the most serious
consequences. If a different principle were to
prevail and govern them, the men engaged in this
rebellion, with hands stained with the blood of
murdered citizens, loyal citizens, might fill our
halls of legislation, and control the legislation of
the country. As enemies, the laws of war have
swept away their rights as citizens, and substi-
tutecl the rights of war. An enemy can have no
right to take any part in our Government. That,
does not belong to an enemy engaged in a war
against that Government. " While the laws of
war destroy all claims of subjects engaged in civil
war, they do not release the subject from his
duties to the Government. By war the subject
loses his rights, but does not escape his obliga-
tions." Vattel says:
" A civil war breaks the bands of society and Govern-
ment, or at least suspends their force and effect; it pro-
duces in the nation two independent parties, who consider
each other as enemies, and acknowledge no common
judge. Those two parties, therefore, must necessarily be
considered as thenceforward constituting, at least for a
time, two separate bodies, two distinct societies. Though
one of the parties may have been to blame in breaking the
unity of the State and resisting the lawful authority, they
are not the less divided in fact. Besides, who shall judge
them? Who shall pronounce on which side the right or
wrong lies? On earth they have no common superior.
They stand therefore in precisely the same predicament as
two nations who engage in a contest, and, being unable to
come to an agreement, have recourse to arms."— Vatlel,
page 425.
It would be folly and madness on our part to
treat these traitors who have made themselves
public enemies otherwise than as enemies. We
cannot give them their constitutional rights as
they existed before this war, and at the same
time the rights of belligerents.
The two classes of right are incompatible with
each other, and their rights as subjects are incon-
sistent with a state of war
This position is due to no fault of ours. Though
traitors, they are none the less public enemies;
not foreign or alien enemies, as claimed by the
able and distinguished gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, but public enemies who, when the rebel-
lion is crushed, the Government may punish as
traitors. They have placed themselves in this'"
position, and while they claim all the advantages
which they are entitled to receive as enemies, we
must enforce against them all the disadvantages
which logically pertain to such position. Based
upon these principles, the President rightfully, as
a war measure, issued his emancipation procla-
mation.
"The end of war i« to obtain by force the justice which
cannot be obtained otherwise, and the law of nations al-
lows the means requisite to the end."
Allegiance and protection are inseparable. As
long Ss the subject is true to his allegiance the
Government owes him protection, whether at
home or abroad; but when the subject withdraws
his allegiance and support which is due from him
and takes up arms to enforce such withdrawal,
then the Government may rightfully withdraw
its protection. The Constitution is not in con-
flict with these views. As public enemies the
rebels are outside of the Constitution. The war
must be governed by the laws of war. The Con-
stitution furnishes no guide; it establishes no rules
for-the government of nations at war; it fixes
no standard by which we may determine the
rights of our enemies. How shall we treat these
enemies? What rights are they entitled to, and
what may we enforce against them? These and
all similar questions are not settled by the Con-
stitution, but by the laws of war. The Consti-
tution does not alter the law of nations; it is not
in conflict with it. It is the basis of our Govern-
ment, the foundation of our national life; and as
a nation we must be subject to the law of nations.
The rebel Sta'es are without governments which
we can recognize, and so must as an absolute
and indispensable necessity be held under mili-
tary rule until the United States opens the way
for their restoration. There are no loyal govern-
ments in these States, and we must abandon
them to our enemies, or, for a time, as we gain
possession and control, hold and govern them by
military power. Reorganization is an indispens-
able prerequisite to the exercise of their rights
and powers as States in the Union. Withoutthis
they have no appropriate medium through which
these tights maybe secured. With governments
suspended and disorganized, the protection of
these States and the persons therein must be vested
in the General Government, and so must be re-
stored under the supervision and control and un-
der the direction and authority of the General
Government. This follows from the necessity of
the case. The people of these States, under the
laws quoted,are all enemies, entitled only to the
rights of enemies. To the Government belongs
the right and the duty of saying when and how
they shall become otherwise—when and how they
may again be entitled to the rights of citizens. I
recognize therightof the peopleofthe rebel States
to govern themselves when purged of their dis-
loyalty ; but they are now laboring under a dis-
ability, and cannot rightfully act until that disa-
bility has been removed by the Government; and
it is with the Government to say when and by *
what process she will remove it.
The people of the rebel States Can exercise just
those rights and none other which the Govern-
ment may see proper to confer on them. Terms *
may be annexed to their pardon. It needs no ar-
gument to enforce and illustrate these principles.
Necessity, absolute, overpowering, and impera-'
tive necessity, enforces them. Enemies mustnot
be permitted, disloyal men must not be permitted,;
traitors against the Government, blackened* with
the crime of treason, must not be permitted to gov-
ern these States. The Constitution imposes the
duty and obligation of guarantying to these States -
republican governments. This cantfot be done
if traitors and enemies are permitted to govern
them. Some standard of loyalty must be estab-
lished; some rules and regulations must be en-
acted under which and by which the loyal may
be recognized and separated from the disloyal cle-
ment, in order that pardons may be granted them
and their disabilities removed. We have a new
order of things. This must be met by such laws
as are suited to the exigencies, and as will enable
those who are willing to return to their loyalty to
assume the control of their respective States. It
seems to me there is no power in this Govern-
ment better qualified to do all this than Congress,
and to it in my opinion rightfully belongs this
duty. I make no attack upon the President's
amnesty proclamation. It has performed its part.
It was a timely and wise measure, but will nave
fully performed its office when Congress legislates
on the subject as is now proposed.
Slavery lias shown itself the enemy of this Gov-
ernment, based on robbery and wrong. It has
shown itself incompatible with the permanent
peace, political welfare, and existence of this na-
tion; and I have no desire to see it perpetuated.
I recognize the duty of so settling this fearful
civil war as to secure the nation from a similar
rebellion in the future. What slavery has done
now it may do in the future if continued; and
though I would not prosecute this war to destroy
slavery, yet this war, brought about by the
friends of the institution, is surely working its
death. I favor giving it such abunal,a burial so
deep and profound that it will never again be
resurrected in this free land.
I indulge in no gloomy forebodings of the fu-
ture. History tells us of many, very many long-
continued and bitter civil wars, all of which were
ended and peace restored; and so it will be with
this. The war ended, slavery dead, this young
nation will come out of the struggle with muscles
hardened and strengthened by the fierceness of
the contest; it will arise from it with energy and
vigor renewed, prepared to leap into a progress
far surpassing everything in our own history and
the history of the world.
Mr. HOLM AN obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. ASHLEY, who moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the Union-generally,
and particularly the President's annual message,
and iiad come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. DAWES, (at five
o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned to Monday
next,at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 7,1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr.SrojDERLAND.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented four petitions of citi-
zens of Boston, and four petitions of citizens of
New York, praying for an increase in the facili-
ties for the transportation of mails, passengers,
and freight between the cities of New York and
Philadelphia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of the
American Geographical and Statistical Society,
praying for the opening of negotiations for a com-
mercial treaty with the empire of Cochin-China,
as conducive to the interests of American com-
