962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
uResolved, That we invite the business men of all river
towns on the Mississippi nver above Dubuque, on the St.
Croix and Minnesota, and m the interior, to -end delegates
to a general convention to be he hi at Red Wing on the 3d
day of Match, 1S64, for the purpose of inaugurating some
measures that wiil secure the transportation of freight at
reasonable rates.
"Resolved, ThatfH. H. Pringle be appointed correspond-
ing secretary, and that tie be directed to correspond with
the business men of said towns, and invite their coopera-
tion in effecting the object for which said convention is
called-
" W. D. French, C. H. L. Lange, William Thompson,
N. C. Draper, and S. C. Renick, were appointed delegates
to attend the convention at Red Wing."
As I said before, we have for exportation to the
East about three million bushels of wheat. The
result of this new and direct route would be a sav-
ing to the people of Minnesota and the people of
the East, because the saving would be divided
between them, of $1,000,000 per annum. By the
construction of theseone hundred and forty miles
of railroad to Lake Superior we should be ena-
bled to take the cheap and long transit by water
from thence, and in this way the saving would
be effected. I hope the Senate will refuse to re-
commit this bill, and will proceed with its con-
sideration.
Mr. HOWE. I very devoutly hope that the
Senate will recommit this bill. 1 think there are
very important questions which the Commitlpe
on Public Lands, from whom this bill comes,
have not sufficiently considered. I think one of
those questions lies in the very gateway to the
consideration of this bill; and that is the question
propounded by the Senator from Michigan—the
question whether there is any such corporation
in existence as the Lake Superior and Missis-
sippi Railroad Company. I do not know thatthat
question was not investigated by the committee.
The chairman of the committee can state whether
it was or not.
Mr. HARLAN. The statutes of Minnesota
on this subject were referred to, I think. I did
not personally examine the laws, and I do not
know whether any member of the committee did
or not; but they were satisfied that such a cor-
poration did exist under the laws of Minnesota
1 do not think any critical examination of those
laws was made.
Mr. HOWE. I suppose they would have been
satisfied of it by receiving a petition signed by the
officers, and authenticated by the zeal of a com-
pany, and I do not deny that there is a so-called
corporation in the State of Minnesota professing
to act under the style of the Lake Superior and
Mississippi Railroad Company, but I am in-
formed that there is no such corporation existing
by law. 1 am told that the franchises claimed by
this company to-day were granted by the Terri-
tory of Minnesota many years before the State
was organized.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator will allow me
I will clear up all doubt on that point. The Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota within three
weeks, in a memorial to the Congress of the
United States, assert the fact; and the statutes were
placed beforethecommittee evidencing the exist-
ence of such a corporation. This is what the
memorial says:
" Your memorialists would fnithor state that thia State
has laboied, and it is feared has so far laboieii in vain, to
accomplish this same object; that a railroad company has
been incorpoiated and organized under the lawa of this
State, under the name of the Lake Superior and Missis-
sippi Itailioad Company, empowered to construct the rail-
road tu question."
And they memorialize Congress to concede this
grant.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know how the fact is;
but I am told that the Legislative of Minnesota
cannot make a company; and if it cannot create
such a corporation as this directly it cannot cre-
ate it by confession or by cognovit. 1 am told that
the constitution of Minnesota actually prohibits
the creation of any special companies lor this pur-
pose. I have not the constitution before me, and
1 have not examined it.
Mr. HOWARD. But I understood the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin to say just now that this
charter was granted originally by the territorial
Legislature of Minnesota. If so, it certainly was
a good charter, and good under the State consti-
tution; they could not repeal it.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Michigan is
entirely right in saying that if such a charter had
been granted by the Territory of Minnesota it
was a good charter when it was granted. I do
not affirm that it is not a good charter to-day; I
simply say that I am informed that the charter
had been lost by nonuser; that all the rights cre-
ated under the act of incorporation had been lost
prior to the organization of the State of Min-
nesota.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me ask the Senator from
Wisconsin, then, whether this forfeiture has been
judicially declared, whetherany court has passed
upon the question of forfeiture or non-forfeiture;
for he knows very well that if no court has de-
cided the charter to be forfeited it is still a good
charter in law, although perhaps possibly subject
to forfeiture.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I am not in-
formed that any court in the State of Minnesota
has ever declared that charter to be forfeited. I
do not suppose that any such judgment is abso-
lutely necessary. I am informed, however, that
those interested in the company were so assured
that the charter was invalid that they appealed
to the Legislature of Minnesota since the organi-
zation of the State and obtained the passage of an
act in derogation of the Constitution of the State
reviving the charter. I am informed so; I do not
assert it as a fact. Whether this information was
before the Committee on Public Lands I do not
know.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Public
Lands thoughttheyguarded thispointsufficiently,
so far as the United States Government is con-
cerned, in providing that no land shall pass to
the company until after twenty miles of the road
shall have been completed in perfect order, and
then only the adjacent sections coterminous with
the completed portion of the road, so that if the
company shall not build any road, they will re-
ceive no land—not an acre.
Mr. HOWE. How far it was necessary to
guard the interests of the United States I do not
undertake now to say, and how far the provision
just stated by the honorable Senator from Iowa
does guard those interests lam not now prepared
to say. Against the established usage of the
Congress of the United States, departed from I
believe only in the instance of the grants made to
the Pacific Railroad Company, which stand upon
reasons peculiar to themselves, here is a bill that
proposes to make a large grant of land, and a
larger grant of land per mile than the Congress
has ever made for any railroad purpose to a pri-
vate corporation. I inform the Senate that I have
information that there is no such private corpo-
i*ation existing under the laws of Minnesota, and
it is one of the questions which I think ought to
be examined either by the Committee on Public
Lands or by some other committee.
Mr. WILKINSON. With the permission of
the Senator, I should like to ask him a question.
It is whether, if his position be correct that there
is no such company legally constituted and or-
gan ized in the State of Minnesota, it can take land
under this grant; and if it cannot, will the Gov-
ernment be injured by the passage of the bill?
Mr. HOWE. No, Mr. President; if there is
no such company, I do not think it will take much;
but I do not think it becomes the Congress of the
United States to grant land to men who simply
pretend to be a corporation. Besides,! beg leave
to remind my friend from Minnesota that I am
not here to give information; I am here seeking
for information. It is because I do not know how
the facts are that I want this bill to go back to a
committee which may be enabled to investigate
and tell me what the facts are.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to ask the
Senator one more question. If it shall be estab-
lished by the committee that there is such a legal
company, a valid organization, will he then sup-
port this measure?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir, not unless 1 forget my-
self. I can only say that in that contingency I
should have one less objection in number to sup-
port the bill than I have at present; but I should
still have other and insuperable objections if my
information upon other points is correct.
Now I state another point upon which I want
more information, and I want to get it through
some committee, if any committee will take charge
of the investigation; if not, I will look it up for
myself. The Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Ram-
sey] appeals to the humane feelings of Congress
to give his constituents a short and cheap outlet
for their produce. I respond with all my might.
Any facility which you can reasonably furnish
to that gallant little State of Minnesota to enable
them to get their rich and ever-increasing products
to market give in God's name, and in the name of
the United States; but 1 respectfully Submit: that
upon my information the bill before th& Senate is
not intended to give any additional facility to the
State of Minnesota. The Senator has presented
this question to the Senate as if without thisgrant
Minnesota was bound to send her products for all
future time, as she has for all time up to this,
down the Mississippi river and over the several
roads leading through southern Wisconsin and
northern Illinois. 1 am informed that such is not
the fact. I am informed that the Congress of the
United States made a grant eight years ago cal-
culated to accommodate the very trade which the
Senator from Minnesota wishes to accommodate
by the building of this road—a grant to build a road
not over the exact track,butrightalong the same
line where this road is to be located, having one
terminus at the same point on Lake Superior,
and having its other terminus within about fifteen
miles of St. Paul. I am informed, I say, that
such a grant was made then, and that that road
is in process of construction.
Now, I need not remind the Senate what diffi-
culties have lain in the way of buildingnew roads
since 1856. We have had one protracted season
of great commercial disaster, followed by a pretty
big specimen ofawar,and we have not had much
time to build railroads. That railroad is not com-
pleted. I have heard it said here, I think care-
lessly said, that it has not been commenced. That
has not been said upon the authority of thecom-
mittee that reported this bill. I am informed that
it has been commenced. I am informed that indi-
viduals have put large sums of money into the
construction of that road. I am informed that
twenty miles of the road have been graded. I
am informed that the ties have been purchased
for forty miles of the road, and that iron enough
to lay twenty miles of rail has been purchased
and is to be delivered in the coming spring.
I do not state these as facts; 1 state them as in-
formation which I derive from sources which I
credit, and as information which I want to belaid
before the committee and the truth or the falsity
of it to be determined. If it is disputed here, I .
have not the evidence at hand to verify it. If it
is disputed before the committee, the committee
can determine whether it is true or false.
But I submitto the Senate that there is no pos-
sible necessity, and there seems to me no sort of
propriety in the Legislature of the United States
endowing two railroads to run along within six- -
teen or twenty miles of each other. Fifteen miles
of road would place St. Paul, the southern termi-
nus of the road named in this bill, in connection
with Hudson, the southern terminus of the road
already endowed by the liberality of Congress.
My friend, the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr.
Wilkinson,] says twenty miles. 1 am told fif-
teen. Let the committee inform us what the true
distance is. I put the question to the Senator
from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] the other day,
what would be the distance from St. Paul to Lake
Superior by the way of Hudson. I did not get
a very accurate statement. I am told that the
distance between St. Paul and Lake Superior by
the way of Hudson, will not exceed by a mile the
distance between St. Paul and Lake Superior by
the route contemplated in this bill.
' Mr. RAMSEY. The distance between St. Paul
and Hudson is from sixteen to twenty miles.
The distance to Superior from St. Paul and from
Hudson is alike.
Mr HOWE. I am sufficiently familiar with
the map to know that that answer is predicated on
the assumption that St. Paul and Hudson lie upon
about the same latitude or very near the same lat-
itude; but the Senator from Minnesota knows very
well that the line contemplated by this bill deflects
very much from a direct line and bends very much
to the west. It is very much longer than a di-
rect line, and it does not follow by any manner of
means that because Hudson is fifteen or sixteen
miles eastof St. Paul it is therefore sixteen miles
further from St. Paul to Superior by way of Hud-
son than it is by way of this road. There is a
difference of opinion between the Senator from
Minnesota and my informants as to the length of
the two lines. Let this question go to a commit-
