1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBE.
tee, and let them tell us what that difference is, if
there be any difference. Do not ask the Senate
to vote this large endowment upon your state-
ment or upon mine. Give us the facts and give
us the testimony which sustains those facts, and
give it to us through the organism of a commit-
tee of this body, and give to that committee an
opportunity which they have not yet had to know
how far the vested interests of an existing enter-
prise are to be injured by this grant.
I think every Senator knows that if you inau-
gurate two railroads running within fifteen miles
of each other they must necessarily be intended
to accommodate the same trade to a greatextent;
and I think every Senator knows that they must
seriously retard the success of each other. Cap-
ital will be a great deal more reluctant to invest
in the road from Hudson to Superior because of
the endowment of the road from St. Paul to Su-
perior; and capital will be a great deal more re-
luctant to invest in the road from St. Paul to Su-
perior because of the endowment to the road from
Hudson to Superior. Get one road and then you
may have-another, if you find another necessary.
Get one road at a time, and be content with one
road at a time.
Mr. President, I hope my friends who repre-
sent Minnesota will do me the justice to acknowl-
edge that I am advocating no narrow interest-
here. I simply find an enterprise already on foot,
endowed by the liberality of the Congress of the
United States, and through the influence of that
endowment the capital of men invested in it to
build a road running right.through the section of
country through which this c#ad is designed to
go. I say to the justice of Congress, " Keep
your hands off that." The Senators from Min-
nesota say, " Do not do it, but on the contrary
send into the market an endowment exceeding
that made to the Hudson and Superior road by
four sections of land to the mile; outbid in the
market of the world the enterprise which you have
already set on foot."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the unfinished business of Friday.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to postpone the
regular order, that this bill maybe proceeded with
until a vote can be had.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota moves to postpone the special order of
the day, which is the unfinished business of the
last adjournment, for the purpose of proceeding
with the consideration of the bill now before the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have already
occupied as much of the time of the Senate as I
ought to occupy upon this motion.
Mr. GRIMES. Do these roads continue all
along only fifteen miles apart?
Mr. HOWE. No,sir. The road from St. Paul
to Superior deflects, as I said before, to the west,
as I see by the map on which it has been traced.
Whether there has been an actual survey or not,
I do not know. At those points where it passes
to the west the most, the distance must be more
than fifteen or sixteen miles, but they run along
in the same region of country. I understand the
northern terminus of the road mentioned here is
on Lake Superior without naming the point; but
I understand the purpose is to terminate it at a
place called Superior, a town on Lake Superior.
Now, in anticipation of a remark which has
been made aside repeatedly, that we are rather
illiberal, when Congress has endowed a road run-
ning through Wisconsin, to oppose a road run-
ning through Minnesota, I beg to say that I think
the State of Minnesota is, on the contrary,a little
too ambitious. She has a right to ask a great
deal. I am ordinarily inclined to give her every-
thing she does ask for; but in this particular in-
stance she not only asks that we shall agree to a
grant which will kill a road already in construc-
tion through our State, but that we shall consent
to the cession of a part of our State in order to give
them a terminus on Lake Superior within their
own State. They really ask of Wisconsin to stand j
silentwhile a grant is being made to kill this road ]
already in construction through our own limits, j
and then to consent to grant to Minnesota the j
northern terminus of the road, the town of Su- |
perior and the adjacent country, in order that j
Minnesota may have the road run through her !
own limits and terminate within her own limits.
Sir, I conceive that this is asking a great deal of
the magnanimity of Wisconsin. Wisconsin claims
to be magnanimous, generous, bountiful; but she
really cannot afford to sit still and be picked to
pieces after that fashion. I hope -some part of
this demand will be surrendered by my friends
from Minnesota. ♦
Mr. JOHNSON. I understood the first objec-
tion of the honorable member from Wisconsin to
the particular bill which is before us to consist in
the fact, which he supposes to be true, that there
is no such corporation as is proposed to be the
grantee. In the first place, in answer to that ob-
jection, I will say that if it be so the grant will be
void and no title to the land granted will pass out
of the United States.
But I have further to say to him, if I understand
the facts, that there is beyond all doubt a char-
tered company now in existence. The territorial
government of Minnesota had aright to charter a
company such as this was, and in the execution
of that right they did charter this company. That
charter was not so limited in point of time that it
has expired by virtue of that limitation. It is
now as good as it was when it was originally
passed, unless it has been in some way or other
judicially or legislatively decided to have been
forfeited. Nothing is better known to jurispru-
dence than that in all such cases nonuser or mis-
user of a corporate franchise does not terminate
the franchise. That is a question depending as
between the corporation and the sovereignty
granting the charter. Nobody else has a right to
complain of misuser or nonuser but the party
granting the franchise. That party of course is
the sovereign. It is therefore perfectly well set-
tled that in all such cases of a right to forfeit, there
must he a judicial proceeding in the nature of a
quo warranto or scire facias; but until that pro-
ceeding has been instituted and prosecuted to
judgment as against the corporation, the corpo-
ration remains just as vital as it was on the first
day it was passed.
lfl understand the facts aright, and 1 am sure
I do, so far from there having been any such pro-
ceeding on the part of the State of Minnesota, or
upon the part of the Government of the United
States before the Territory became a State, to for-
feit the charter, the only proceeding on the part
of the State which has occurred is one which rec-
ognizes the continuing existence of the charter.
They have granted to the company their swamp
lands; and although the State of Minnesota, by
force of their own constitution, have no authority
to grant a franchise, yet if a franchise has been
granted by the Territory and is in force at the time
the Territory becomes a State,.they have a clear
right to recognize the existence of the franchise.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire if he has had an opportunily of seeing the
charter under which this company claims to act?
Mr. JOHNSON. The original charter?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have.
Mr. HOWE. Is it a perpetual one?
Mr. JOHNSON. I think it is. I am not so
sure about that. I was about to say that I had an
opportunity of seeing it because I was concerned
professionally in the questions which arose in re-
lation to the validity .of the grant to this company.
The grant to the company which is about to be
revived substantially by the present charter was
held to be an ineffective grant for causes which it
is not necessary here to mention, but for causes
not affecting the company at all, or the integrity
of the company. It was because of some pro-
ceedings which were supposed to have taken place
in the House of Representatives at the time the
bill was passed.
So far therefore as the particular objection that
there is no such corporation as is proposed to be
the grantee is concerned, a sufficient answer is to
be found in what I have already said, that ifthere
is not, no harm is done; but secondly, there is
such a corporation, provided the territorial gov-
ernment had theauthority to charter; and I do not
understand that that is disputed. The only two
governments which would have had a right to
have that charter forfeited were the United States
as long as the Territory was subject to the au-
thority of the United States, and the Stalg^vhen
the Territory became a State; and neither of those
sovereignties interfered atall to vacate the charter.
I hold it, therefore, perfectly clear in point of Irfw
that the charter is now as operative aSit wasin
the beginning. - • • • ' - - " . A
Now, the honorable member says that the
amount granted by this'bill is a mu'ch larger 'one
than has ever been granted before.' - I do not stop
to inquire what would be the extent of the grunt
provided the lands included within th# limits of
the grant would all pass by force1 of the grant;
but we have it already from the Land Office that
there is only a limited portion of the lands which
originally belonged to the United States within
the limit of the grant, and the whole value of thSt
portion which will be affected by the bill if it
passes amounts, at the supposed value of the
lands, to some two hundred thousand dollars.
. Mr. HOWE. I have not seen that informa-
tion. Docs it come from the committee?
Mi'. JOHNSON. I understood the member
from Minnesota to give it. T
Mr. RAMSEY. What was that?
- Mr. JOHNSON. That the whole value of these
lands only amounted to about two hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. RAMSEY. They are valued at two hun-
dred thousand or two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, at the rate of fifty or seventy-five cents an
acre. The lands along the line of this voad hav-
ing been in the market for twelve or fifteen years,
the best lands have longsince been entered, leav-
ing only the inferior land remaining. 1
Mr. JOHNSON. So I have understood. AH
the valuable lands, all that would be selected by
those who wanted homesteads or had preemption
warrants, have been taken up,and the lands that
are left are comparatively valueless. They will
become valuable, no doubt, if this road is made,
and for the same reason that all roads of this de-
scription add to the value of the territory through
which they pass.
Now, Mr. President, if this road promises to
be of value to Minnesota, it is expending very
little of the public money, if it can be considered
as expending any, to give two hundred or two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars worth of now
refuse land. If' I understand it, that country,
which is now for the first time agriculturally
open, has proved to be one of the best growing
countries that we have within our limits. Its pro-
duction is extraordinary. The great difficulty is
not in raising the cereals, but in getting the cereals
to market. If this road, or some i*oad of a like
kind, is not made, the farmers in Minnesota, who
are now rapidly being increased by immigration,
will have to travel some three hundred miles fur-
ther to get to New York than they would have
to travel if this road should be made. But not
only is the distance very much increased by the
route which they are now obliged to take, but the
expense is much more increased than one Would
suppose becausc of the comparative difference be-
tween the distance of the two routes. These ce-
reals cannot be carried over the railroad for less
than some twelve or thirteen cents, 1 suppose.
They are to be carried some one hundred and
forty miles if this road is made, and the rest isby
water communication. The difference between
the price of transportation by railroad and trans-
portation by water is the difference between some
twelve cents and two and a half cents. That of
itself is a very serious item in the profit of the
farmer.
Wisconsin is not much to be injured, and she
has roads m plenty of her own. She can only be
affected—and thai I am sure would not be a mo-
tive to influence her legislation or the conduct of
her representatives on this floor, because they
look, as theyaie bound to look, to the general
interests and not to the mere local interest of the
State—by the trade which may be taken away
from their raiiroads and find a vent upon this
route. That is comparatively little or nothing,
except to the owners of the railroads m Wiscon-
sin. The stockholders may be benefited; but I
do not say that the^State is very much benefited
by having run through the State two orthree mil-
lion bushels, or more, of cereals. Nobody gets
any advantage from a transportation of that de-
scription except the several companies upon whose
roads the transportation may be made.
To deny this grant for the purpose of benefiting
these individual stockholders in Wisconsin alone,
when to make the grant is to benefit the growing
State of Minnesota, and when the road for which
