964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Maftgi'f,
the grant is to be made is entirely within the limits
of Minnesota, would seem to me—T speak it with
all respect—to ho lather a narrow policy. 1 am
sure the honorable Senator from Wisconsin does
not think so. I am satisfied he supposes he is
promoting the public good by his opposition to
this grant. But I submit to him that if it was
originally right—and certainly i am far from
denying that it was right—as a matter of policy,
that the Government should make grants to Wis-
consin, and that roads should be made through
Wisconsin for her benefit, it is equally right that
the Government should make grants to Minne-
sota. She is now as it were but in her infancy,
with a population, I think, of some two hundred
thousand, or two hundred and fifty thousand,
very rapidly accumulating. It accumulated very
rapidly during the last year, and will naturally
accumulate in a much larger proportion during
the coming year because of the particular con-
dition of the country and the prospect we all see
is before us, and in which we cannot be disap-
pointed, that immigration is very largely to be in-
creased. Instead of having two hundred and fifty
thousand, the amount I believe of her present
population, at the next decade she may luive a
million. She will grow with the rapidity, and per-
Jiaps with greater rapidity than Wisconsin. It is
better for us, therefore, I think, to provide in ad-
vance if we can, by granting these facilities to
Minnesota, an additional inducement to those who
may come within the limits of our country with
a view of bettering their fortune, that they should
setile in Minnesota. There will be enough for all,
as I think.
I submit, therefore, Mr. President, that whether
considered as a question of law, or whether con-
sidered as a mere question of policy, it is but just
that we should pass this bill or some bill like it.
Mr. HOWE. I am very sorry to differ from
the Senator fiom Maryland on this point; but I
regret very much more to have him differ from
me upon it. There evidently is a difference of
opinion between us. Whether it is his fault or
mine, I suppose remains to be settled.
Now, sir, when it is objected to the making of
a grant of seven hundred thousand acres of land
that there is nobody to take the grant, I do not
think it is a good answer to that objection to say,
if there is nobody to take it it will not go. I do
not think it is a good thing for the Congress of
the United States to make these grants upon the
reflection that if there should be no such person
m being as is named for the grantee, the lands
will still belong to the Government. It is tiue
the grantee will not get them if he does not exist;
but it is true they go out of market; it is true they
are withdrawn from saleand from settlement; and
it is true they remain there on the hands of the
United States waiting for (lie grantee to come into
being; and you do not know how long they will
wait. I do not affirm that this grantee does not
exist. I say it is a matter over which I think
there is grave doubt thrown by the information
I have. I ask the Committee on Public Lands
what their information is upon that point, and
they have not any to communicate. I ask the
Senator fiom Maryland, who has been consulted
professionally it seems by this company, what !
his information is on these points, and he has >
none distinct to communicate. Let us have some, i
So much upon that point.
The Senator from Maryland has surprised me
by saying it is a narrow policy we defend heie
when we insist upon Minnesota sending her prod- ,
ucts to market over our roads and over the roads •
of Illinois. I thought 1 had advised the Senate 1
sufficiently, when i was on the iloorjustnow, that .
I insisted upon no such thing whatever. That is 1
not the point of my objection at all. I had ad-
vised the Senate, as I thought, that no such eon- !
sequence as that can follow fiom leji'Ctmg this .
grant; (hat if you Withhold this grant there wiil '
be a road running almost over the identical line—
and when you are talking aU^ut Slates and Ter- '
ritories it is sufficient to say over the same line— j
within two years. It is true it will run on the
Wisconsin side of the boundary line instead of
on the Minnesota side. * j
Mr. HARLAN- I know the Senator from !
Wisconsin will not intentionally mislead the Sen-
ate. The lines of the two roads—if he wiil allow
me to state it—should the line of this road be lo- 1
cated as indicated on the map, would be sixty :
miles apart in the center of the two roads, and on
the west termini sixteen miles. The east termi-
nus of each road is notfixed; but on the Wiscon-
sin road it is fixed either at Bayfield or atSuperior
city with a branch running to the one or the other.
The distance, therefore, between these two roads,
if both should be built, will be greater on the aver-
age than the distance between the roads in Iowa
and the other roads in Minnesota,leavingaspace
of aboutsixty miles between the two, and making
it necessary for the farmers who may live in the
center between them to travel about thirty miles
in order to reach either road.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Iowa is quite
light in saying I did notmean to mislead the Sen-
ate, and I will make the same remark in reference
to him. It is very probable my remarks were
calculated to mislead the Senate, and I respectfully
submit his own are equally calculated to mislead
the Senate. The Senator is entirely correct in
saying that the southern termini of the road are
about fifteen or sixteen miles asunder. I think
he sayssixteen miles. I had been informed that
it was fifteen miles. He is entirely mistaken in
saying that the northern terminus of our road is
either Superior or Bayfield. There are two roads
provided for; one termmatesat Bayfiold,and one
terminates at Superior, and they are not in the
alternative at ail. Supeiior and Bayfield are the
termini of the Wisconsin road on Lake Superior.
Mr. HARLAN. We had the maps from the
Land Office before us; and the committee is for-
tunate enough to have an ex-Commissioner of the
General Land Office as a member of the commit-
tee, and i think he was in the office when this grant
was to some extent executed. Oneof those roads
is styled a branch road, if the trunk road should be
built it would run to Superior; but if they should
build the main trunk to the point of junction, and
then build the branch only, there would be no
road, of course, to Superior. There would be a
road from Hudson, on^theSt. Croix river, to Bay-
field; so that the committee, of couise, is in no
doubt as to the distance between the termini of
the two roads at Lake Superior. I stated the facts
as clearly as I could. I regret if my statement of
them was calculated to mislead anybody. I had
no such intention.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir, not the slightest inten-
tion, doubtless. One of the roads, says the Sen-
ator, is calleil a branch road. 1 have no doubt
that is so. I have no doubt each of them iscalled
a branch road, sometimes one and sometimes the
othei. Both are branches of other roads. That
is the fact about it. But there aie the termini,
one at Superior and the other at Bayfield. The
Senator say s if they do not build the Superior road
thpy will not haye any outlet at Supei lor. That
is very true. That fact will be known in two
years; for unless the road is completed within
about two years from this time, this grant, which
was made to the State of Wisconsin, and not to
a private company, will be withdrawn from the
State. Now, sir, I say this and this alone is the
point of my objection, not.that you furnish rail-
road facilities U r Minnesota, but I say they have
those same facilities running over this road.
The Senator leminds me that a portion of the !
route on the Minnesota road will be sixty miles
dusiantftom the Hudson road. Thatonly shows
that a deflection of the Minnesota route is much
greater from a right line than I had supposed.
The northern teimini being the same, and the
southern termini being within sixteen miles of
each other, if they get sixty miles distant dining
tiie road there must be a great deflection somo-
wheie.
Mr. HARLAN. It is partly on both lines.
Mr. HOWE. That may be.
Mr. HARLAN. The deflection is quite as
great in the Wisconsin road as in the proposed
road in M in n^sota.
Mr. HOWE. Is the Senator advised upon that
point, that it is as great?
Mr. HARLAN. It is so judging from the
maps,as the roads are laid down in the maps sent
us from the General Land Office.
Mr. WILKINSON. With the permission of
the Senator from Wisconsin, I wish to state that i
between these two routes runs the St. Croix liver. }
The banks of that uver are very high, lugired, i
and afcgep. There are streams running into it ,
occasionally, causing very deep ravines. These i
roads must go some twenty or thirty miles back j
from the river toward the sources of the streams
running into it in order to get a practicable route
on both sides, and that causes the deflection. '
Mr. HOWE. I do not object to the defection.
I think if they varied a great deal more from a
right line than they do it would be vastly better
for the State of Minnesota; and I believe the State
of Minnesota, on the information I have, really
thinks so. t think one of the objections to the
line proposed is that it runs too near in'a direct
line; that it ought to go further to the west than
it does, and-it would do more for the development
of the State tff Minnesota. The Senator produces
a map which shows that both of the lines deflect
from a right line, one to the east and the other to
the west; and there isnotagreat deal of difference
in theamountofvariation. Tcannotcalculatefrom
the map which varies the most. But, Mr. Pres-
ident, the point after all is this; I do not wish
this grant to be made now because it interferes
with the value of the grant already made to the
State of Wisconsin and because it endangers the
success of that enterpiise byputtingarival enter-
prise on foot.
The Senator from'Maryland said, properly
enough, that the granting of §250,000 in land to
Minnesota to build a road to enable her to get her
products to Lake Superior was not doing a great
deal. I admit it is not doing a great deal. I do
not object to Minnesota having that value-in lands,
or having that quantity of lands to develop her-
self. But, sir, do you not see, does not the Sen-
ate see, that you take more from the value of that
which you have heretofore granted to Wisconsin
than you take fi#m the United States itself? By
putting this rival enterprise into the market, by
setting on foot a rival road and endowing it with
these lands, of course it abstracts directly and
greatly from the value of that grant which you
have already made to Wisconsin. You made that
not to a private company, you made that to a
State, and you told the State they must complete
this work within ten years, which will expire in
about two, or thf grant revests in the United
States, so much of it as is not disposed of. As I
have said before, we have had eight years of ad-
versity andof war; and now, just as we arc get-
ting over the effects of both, and railroad enter-
prises begin to move, you put into the market a
rival enterprise. It may strike the Senate as just.
It strikes me as hard.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr.President,someques-
tion has been raised as to whether under the terms
of the Wisconsin grant they were bound to go to
i Superior. The question has been raised whether
i they may not build to Bayfield, which is sixty
i miles, or toSuperior.and therefore the wholeforce
! of the argument m behalf of the Wisconsin grant
| is lost. By reference to the statute under which
| the grant was made I find the words are positive.
"From thence"—speaking of this place on the
St. Croix river—" to the west end of Lake £5u-
perioi;" and then follow these other words, "and
to Bayfield;" which is a distinct obligation upon
the company to build them both; but they must
build to Superior. Superior is twenty-five miles
nearer the navigable waters of the Mississippi
riverat Hudson than Bayfield is. Is it to be sup-
posed that any men will invest their money in the
building of a railroad, when they are bound to
build to connect these navigable waters, first to
Bayfield to reach the same lake from the same
river, when the great purpose is to connect these
.navigable waters that their railroad may be a prof-
itable investment and carry the freights which pass
from one navigable water to the other?
Mr. HARLAN. Does the Senator intend to
sav that Hudson is on the Mississippi river?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Hudson is on the navi-
gable waters of the Mississippi river, on the St.
Croix lake. 1 beg Senators to give their attention
to the map. I have the map before me. That is
one reason why I very much desire this thing to
be looked ai caiefully in the committee.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will correct the Senator
from Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I beg my honorable friend
not to interrupt me. I am going to correct him.
Mr. WILKINSON. Allow me just one mo-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The Senator from Wisconsin is
entitled to the floor. Does the Senator yield to
the Senator from Minnesota?
