968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 7,
settled up very much, but there is through all that
country north a series of swamps and marshes
rendering the land comparatively valueless unless
some communication of this kind can be obtained
through it.
I have nothing to say about the propriety of
Congress passing this bill, because that matter
has been submitted to the appropriate committee,
the Committee on Public Lands, and the propri-
ety of this measure has been so ably defended by
members of that committee that I do not think it
is worth while for me to say anything about it.
I must insist, however, that the argument urged
by the honorable Senators from "Wisconsin that
their road from Hudson is just as favorable to
Minnesota as this one running from St. Paul to
Superior is unsound in fact, and anybody looking
at the map of our State will see that it cannot be
so. Besides, if we take our wheat, for instance,
from St. Paul across to Hudson, there must be a
reshipment at Hudson, and everybody knows
that a reshipment will enhance very much the
cost of transportation.
For the reasons which I have stated, I hope that
this motion to recommit may not prevail, partic-
ularly when the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands opposes the motion, but
that a vote may be had on the bill, and that it may
be promptly disposed of.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Since I took my seat,
one of the Senators informs me that I was mis-
taken in regard* to the character of the harbor at
Superior; 1 never was there personally; but the
Senator to whom I allude informs me that he was
there, and that it is a very good harbor indeed.
As that point is not at all material in respect to
this measure, I wish to make this explanation,
and to withdraw what I said before in respect to
the character of that harbor.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will say a word in re-
gard to the leniark just dropped by the Senator
from Indiana. I think he is partially mistaken;
but at the same time I think he is correct in the
statement that Bayfield is a much better harbor.
II is protected by a number of islands that lie out
in the lake, and I suppose it is one of the best
harbors on that lake or anywhere else.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, if I had failed
to convince myself that this bill ought to be re-
committed to the Committee on Public Lands,
the Senator ftom Minnesota, [Mr. Wilkinson,]
and especially the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Hendricks,] would have convinced me beyond
all room foi doubt. The Senator from Indiana
takes precisely the view of the expediency of this
kind of legislation that I have presented. He says
that if there is a railroad in progtess of consti ac-
tion, and with a fair promise of being built, be-
tween Hudson and Lake Superior, tins grant
ought notto be made, because it will interfere with
the success of ihut enterprise and will endanger
its success, that it is a wrong to it, and he would
not favor the giant; but he assumes and he says
that he could obtain no information satisfactory
to him that there was any fair probability of that
road being built. 1 put the question to him if
there was any evidence before the committee on
that point, and he said no. Now, let me say to
' the Senator that at that period of lime \ was pre-
cisely as ignorant on this point as any man could
be; 1 had no information whatever in regaid to it.
Those represented in the Hudson and Superior
road were not represented before the committee;
they were not represented before this Congress.
I knew nothing about it. Since that time 1 have
received information which I do believe, which I
do credit, and I am told that if this matter can bo
recommitted to that committee the evidence veri-
fying the information which I have, and which I
have stated to the Senate, will ho produced; and
then if that should turn out so, the Senator from
Indiana is precluded, by his own views of pi opn-
ety stated here, fiom supporting tins bill. I ask
that the bill be sent to the committee that they
may be able to tell us upon testimony when it
comes back here whether there is a fair probabil-
ity of that load being built or not. i
The Senator says that eight years have trans- !
pi red; be says he appreciates the difficulties which j
have stood in the way of the building of ?he road !
down to this time, and notw nlistatiding th' sc dilii- J
culties he thinks eight years are sufficient to have
built the road. Mr. President, when you made
that grant, you told the State of Wisconsin that
she might have ten years to build the voad, and
the ten years are notout. Upon a mere assump-
tion, when you are told that the road is in prog-
ress of being built, upon a mere suspicion or
surmise that Wisconsin will not complete the road
in the other two years, are you going to forfeit
the franchise and the grant? I do not think that
is correct legislation.
Another reason the Senator from Indiana as-
signs why he distrusts the completion of the road
from Hudson to Superior: he assumes that no
company which understands its interests will build
a road to Superior when it has the right to build
a road to Bayfield, because he says Bayfield has
the best harbor. Well, I put this question to the
Senator from Indiana: will not a road from Hud-
son to Bayfield accommodate the trade of Min-
nesota as well as a road from Hudson to Supe-
rior, if it strikes a harbor further east and strikes
a better harbor?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. Then if there is a probability
of the road being built to Bayfield that is as good
a reason against making this giant, on the Sena-
tor's own views of policy, as would be the prob-
ability of building a road from Hudson to Supe-
rior.
The Senator says that the harbor at Superioris
an insufficient one, a poor one; but he partially
retracts that statement. I have stated the fact to
the Senate that upon my information the Minne-
sota road is intended to terminate at that very
harbor, the harbor of Superior, and that Minne-
sota is struggling to get a cession of that portion
of our State in order to give her a harbor within
her own State. I have not heard that statement
contradicted; no Senator tells me that 1 am mis-
informed on that point; and I think, therefore, the
very reasons urged here by the Senator from In-
diana ought to be conclusive upon the Senate in
favor of the recommittal of this bill.
Now indulge me m but a single word m reply
to the Senator fiom Minnesota \Mr. Wilkinson.}
He ventures to say that our opposition to this
grant runs on rather a too narrow gauge for Sen-
ators of the United States I am obliged to say
to my friend from Minnesota that ho and I differ
widely as to what is the proper gauge for a Sena-
tor of the United States to run upon. I concede
as readily as he asserts, that a Senator ought not
to run on a very narrow one, but on a broad
gauge; but he and 1 differ materially as to what
a broad gauge is.
What is the attitude of Minnesota? She comes
m here and says, " We want an outlet for our prod-
ucts; we want to go to Lake Superior." "Very
well," we say, " you have an outlet now being
built for you under a grant made years ago; can
you not come over it; H runs a little to the east
of your line; can you not come over that ?" " No;
that is a narrow gauge." " Very well," we say,
" you have another grant running through your
own State; you have a road already built from
St. Paul up to the mouth of Rum river along the
valley of the Mississippi, running towatd Lake
Superior, and you have a right already to swing
your northwest road from any point between St.
Anthony and Ciow Wing and run it to Lake Su-
perior." In other words the law says to St.
Paul—1 do not mean the apostle, Mr. President,
I mean the town of that name—if you will con-
sent to go to Lake Superior by way of Hudson,
you can go along; the grants are already made;
the roads are already being made." It says to
St. Paul, " If you will consent to go to Superior,
taking any point on the Mississippi above St An-
thony in your path, you can go; the lights are
already conceded, the roads already being con-
structed, "and the cars are actually running about
thirty mil^s on that line, I am told. "No; we
cannot go that way, that is a narrow gauge; put
us !i2,iit on tins peninsula; start us from the town -
of St. Paul; give us a track by ourselves right i
along through this country, "which, says the Sen- j
ator from Minnesota, is a waste, a desoL.tton, a :
desert uninhabited and uninhabitable, valueless, 1
worth only fifty cents an acie—" give us a track :
over that; that is the broad gauge that suits us." 1
If that suits the idea of the Senate as to what
a btoad gauge is or ought to be, 1 acquiesce, of ,
course, but u is not my notion. 1 think St. Paul,
whet iter tiie apostle or the town/an nfioid to go to
Superior by the way of the mouth of Rum nver;
or by the way of Hudson on the St. Croix river;
and the State of Minnesota would not bedwarfed
by taking either track; but the State of Minne-
sota would be developed by taking it, especially-
by taking the western one.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, I am a
little surprised that so much feeling should be
manifested by the'honorable Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Howe.] I am perfectly willing that
he shall have his road if he can get it built; but
the grant for it was made eight years ago, and £
venture to say there has not been a cross-tie laid
on that road yet, and I venture to say that there has
not been one solitary mile of that road built. Does
he ask us to wait eight or ten years mord ?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir. ' '
Mr. WILKINSON. Does he ask us to continue
to pay a tribute to railway companies of twelve
cents a bushel over and above what we could get
our wheatcarried for a few yearsago? A partof
our State is now supporting the "road from La
Crosse to Milwaukee, one hundred and eighty
miles, with our wheat that we are sending over
it. I am very glad ^hat the prosperity of Wiscon-
sin is so groat. She has nearly a million people.
She has Lake Michigan on her whole eastern bor-
der. She is geographically better situated than
almost any other State in this Union, certainly as
well situated as any of the western States except,
perhaps, Michigan; with that exception she has
more natural advantages and easier communica-
tion with the sea-board than any other western
State. With these natural facilities, and in view
of what has been granted to that State heretofore
by Congress,and hergreat prosperity, I am a little
surprised that her Senators should exhibit so much
feeling against this measure which proposes to aid
a road from St. Paul one hundred arjd forty miles
to Lake Superior.
The Senator seems to think that our interests
will be greatly subserved by going over the Wis-
consin road. I submit whether he will not allow
the people of Minnesota to judge for themselves.
If such a measure as this should come here from
Wisconsin, and they were to ask for aid from
Congress, I do not think I should dictate to the
honorable Senators from Wisconsin what it was
for the interest of the people of Wisconsin to do;
but I would take the opinion of their representa-
tives here on such a question.
I will not detain the Senate any further than to
say that the people of our State have taken up this
measure in sober earnest, with the intention of
putting their money into this road and building it,
and if Congress will aid the Slate by passing this
bill they will be very glad of it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I shall not
take up the time of the Senate. 1 wish to come
to a vote on this question, and first to say a sin-
gle word in reply to the Senator from Indiana.
He seems to state that nothing has been done to-
ward the buildwgof the\yisconsin road; heseems
to state that if he were assured that that road
was about to be built in good faith, he should
oppose the granting of land to another rival road
substantially over the same route. Now, sir, I
understand the fact to be that if the bill be com-
mitted to the committee it will appear to the sat-
isfaction of the committee that a large amount of
capital has already been invested in that road,
and its resouices are in such a condition as to in-
sui e its completion.
1 will state another fact, which did not occur
to me when lie was on the floor before, and, which
my colleague also forgotto state; and that is that
our Legislature is passing laws authorizing the
various counties along the line of road from Hud-
son to Superior, as counties, to loan the credit of
the counties m the construction of the road.
That is an additional fact that 1 presume the com-
mittee knew nothing about.
The truth is that the question about this grant
went before the committee, and the Wisconsin
side of the question was never heaid before the
committee at all. It is true, as the members of
the committee say, they knew what laws had been
pnssed by Con£i-i<"s^; and they had the laws be-
fore them; and they raised the same question
among themselves about the propriety of this
gnint; but as to there being any facts before the
committee as to what Wisconsin had done, or
those who act under the authority of Wisconsin
had done, there was no evidence whatever before
,| the committee. I suggest is it not fair and just
j that the committee should hear this? The Sen-
