1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
971
contractors who carry Sthis overland mail for
$1,000,000. The Department thought it would
be better for the Government to contract directly
for this sea service, as they then would have ex-
clusive control and jurisdiction over the whole
matter. I think there can be no objection to this
provision.
The fourth section provides that all mailable
matter which may be conveyed by mail west-
ward beyond the western boundary of Kansas,
and eastward from the eastern boundary oT Cali-
fornia, shall be subject to prepaid letter postage
rates. That provision is necessary to obviate
this difficulty: a great quantity of heavy mail
matter is now sent by the overland mail which
should go by sea. The additional proviso is
to prevent remailing from different points in the
Territories on this side, and on that side in the
same manner, by which the Government would
be compelled to carry a great deal of mail matter
over this route by this dodge which ought to go
by sea. There is, however, a provision in the
proviso to that section which gives to the pub-
lishers of papers the right to send by this over-
land mail copies of their papers to bona fide sub-
scribers between the intermediate points I have
mentioned, at the usual rates.
The fifth section provides that the Postmaster
General jnay> if he shall deem it for the public
intei-ests, enter into "contracts for any period not
exceeding one year, for the transportation of the
mails in steamships, by sea, between any of the
frorts in the United Slates; and that the sea ser-
vice already performed by his order on the At-
lantic coast and Gulf of Mexico be paid for out
of any moneys appropriated for the service of the
Post Office Department; also for such service al-
ready performed upon the Pacific coast a sum not
exceeding ยง1,500, to be paid for out of any money
appropriated for the service of the Post Office De-
partment. This provision legalizes the transport-
ation of mails by sea, which has been performed
for the last year upon the Atlantic coast to New
Orleans, anu other places where there has been
no opportunity to send the mails by land. Under
the -.-xisting laws the Sixth Auditor refused to
pay the bills which have been allowed by the Post-
master General for that service, upon the ground
that existing laws did not provide for any such
payment. In thatopinionthe FirstComptrollerac-
corded, and there being no appeal except to Con-
gress the Department was obliged to come here
and ask additional legislation, giving the Post-
master General the power to employ this service,
and instructing the Department to pay for it.
That is a service which everybody will see must
be performed; and no objection exists to the pay-
ment of this money upon the part of the Auditor,
as I understand it, except that he believed he had
no authority under the existing law to pay it.
The ยง1,500 provided to be paid to the contract-
ors for sea service upon the Pacific coast is a sum
which the committee believe sufficient to pay for
all the service rendered. The claim, in the first
place, was for $24,000. The Post Office Depart-
ment cut it down to a much smaller sum. The
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads deemed
the service of such a character that ยง1,500 would
be sufficient to pay for it, and they accordingly
reported that sum, believing that amount to be as
much as the service was worth.
Section six provides that if any person or per-
sons shall paint, print, post., or in any other man-
ner place upon, or attach to, any steamboat or
other vessel, or any stage-coach or other vehicle,
which steamboat or other vessel, or stage-coach
or other vehicle, is not actually used in carrying
the mails of the United States, the words "United
States" mail, or any other words, letters, orchar-
acters of like import; or if any person or persons
shall give notice,either by publishing in any news-
paper or otherwise, that any steamboat or other
vessel, or any stage-coach or other vehicle, is used
in carrying the mails of the United States, when
the same is not actual!}' so used, every person so
offending or willfully aiding or abetting therein,
shall, on conviction thereof in any court of compe-
tent jurisdiction, be fined in anysum not less than
$100 nor more than ยง500 for every such offense;
one half for the use of the United States and the
other half to the use of the person informing and
prosecuting for the same.
This provision is neccssary because a great
many vessels on the western waters have been in
the habit of putting on their sides the words
" United States mail." In consequence of that,
they have received the large benefits growing out
of the fact that the public believe that those ves-
sels and steamers which are intrusted with the
United States mails perform more regular and
speedy service and are more safe than other ves-
sels. Therefore the Government of the United
States has been robbed to that extent of what we
believe to be its just capital, and this provision is
inserted here to obviate that difficulty and prevent
these people from using the'name of the Govern-
ment in that way for their own private benefit.
'It is considered upon the western waters in some
places of so much consequence that the Post-
master General has been able to get the mails car-
ried for nothingon account of the advan tagesgrow-
ing out of this privilege, but if the privilege is used
as it has been in many quarters, why, ofcourse, the
benefit which the Government derives from that
cause will be destroyed. I presume there will be
no objection to this provision, and if no further
explanation is required I will move the previous
question.
Mr. LOAN. I ask the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to withdraw that demand for a moment.
Mr. ALLEY. I withdraw it for a moment to
hear a suggestion from the gentleman from Mis-
souri.
Mr. LOAN. This is a matter that interests us
in the western country very much, and we desire
to have a brief period of time to consider the mat-
ter. It is proposed to offer some amendments that
are not now ready. It was expected that this
measure would come up in the regular order of
business, and not under a suspension of the rules.
There is also a provision in this bill for the
payment of some private claims, and I understand
that the bill, as read by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, limits
tije amounts to be paid to $1,500. The copy of
the bill I have does not contain that limitation.
"We desire an opportunity to prepare ourselves
for the consideration of this matter. It comes up
in an unexpected form and at an unexpected time,
when we are not prepared to meet it, and I hope,
therefore, that the previous question will not be
sustained at this time.
Mr. ALLEY. I would be glad to give way to
the gentleman from Missouri for any amendments
he may desire to offer; but this is an important bill,
and one which the Post Office Department desire
to have passed at an early day. It should, m
fact, have been passed long ago, and I think there
can be no objection to it. It is a measure which
has been thoroughly matured, and which has re-
ceived the approbation of the Post Office Depart-
ment and the unanimous approval of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
If the gentleman wishes further legislation on
the point suggested, he can have it done in a fu-
ture bill. We shall be reporting other measures
connected with this subject; but I do think it very
important to the interests of the country, and par-
ticularly of thePacific coast, that this bill shall be
acted on at the present time. I must therefore
insist upon the demand for the previous question.
Mr. BENNET. I hope the gentleman will give
way to me for a moment.
Mr. ALLEY. I yield to the gentleman for a
question or a suggestion.
Mr. BENNET. The gentleman says that there
is a necessity for the immediate passage of this
bill. 1 would like to ask the gentleman what is
the necessity so urgent that this bill cannot be put
off for a few days and acted upou hereafter when
gentlemen are prepared to present their amend-
ments ?
Mr. GRINNELL. With the permission of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, I will say that the
Postmaster General states distinctly that with-
out this legislation he is left at the mercy of a
combination of contractors, and that it is abso-
lutely necessary for the good of the service that
this bill should pass, and pass immediately. I
think that will be answer enough to the gentleman
man from Colorado, without going into details.
Mr. BENNET. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Iowa why it is that the proposal for
bids on this overland route have recently been
withdrawn ?
Mr. GRINNELL. It is very well known that
the overland service and the ocean service have
been let together. It is now proposed to save
the Government a large sum of money by {fitting
them "separately. I am riot called upon'to go into
any explanation of that service. The gentleman
from Colorado ought to understand as well as my-
self that this measure is necessary to avoid com-
binations of .contractors.
Mr. ALLEY. I will answer the gentleman
further, that it was at the request of the Post Of-
fice Committee of the Senate that the advertise-
ment for proposals on that route was withdrawn,
because they wished to have action on this bill
before proposals were received.-1 understand that
if this bill shall be passed immediately there will
be a readvertisement for these proposals; but it
is impossible to fix this matter up fully until'pro-
vision is made for this sea service; and while this
measure was before Congress and subject to the
action of Congress, it was thought advisable by
the Senate committee that these advertisements
should be withdrawn until this provision could be
made for sea service for the newspapers and heavy
mails.
While, therefore, I would be very glad to ac-
commodate the gentleman from Colorado by de-
ferring action upon this bill, I deem its immediate
passage of too great importance. I know that
the interests of the country require action upon
the bill at the present time. 1 believe that great
inconvenience would result from delaying action
upon it, and all that gentlemen desire can be ob-
tained by future legislation on other bills.
Mr. BENNET. I wish to say that this is a
very important bill for the people of my Terri-
tory, for by this route alone do we get all our
mail service. I have not examined the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman.
Mr. ALLEY. The provision in the bill is ex-
actly as the gentleman desired it, word for word,
as it was handed to me by the gentleman himself.
I submitted it to the Post Office Committee, and
it was unanimously approved.
The amendment was read. Itprovidcs thatthe
fourth section shall not be held to exclude the
transmission by mail of newspapers from a known
office of publication to bona fide subscribers, not
exceeding one copy to cach subscriber, to and
from the intermediate points between the bounda-
ries therein named, at the Osual rates.
Mr. BENNET. That is all satisfactory to me.
I hope the bill will pass.
Mr. KINNEY. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether that amendment is con-
fined to newspapers alone.
Mr. ALLEY. It extends to all matter between
these intermediate points. The bill has been con-
sidered very attentively by the Post Office Com-
mittee, and we have heard the suggestions of gen-
tlemen in this House from the Pacific coast. I
now move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was oidered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved To reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GUARDIANS OF LUNATICS.
Mr. WILSON asked and obtained unanimous
consent to have taken from the Speaker's table
House bill No. 42, to enable guardians and com-
mittees of lunatics appointed m the several States
and other countries to act within the District of
Columbia, with the amendments of the Senate
thereto.
The amendments were read. The firstamend-
ment was to stnke out the words " or in any for-
eign country ;'\the second, to strikeout the words
" or a foreign country;" and the third, to strike
out of the title the words " and other countries." .
Mr. WILSON. 1 move thatthe amendments
be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate amendments were concurred in;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOIW DICKSON.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. 1 ask unanimous con-
sent of' the House to have the Committee of the
Whole House oil the Pi ivate Calendar discharged
