1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M5
But every Secretary we see now " runs his own ;
machine." The Secretary of State runs his, and 1
thrusts in appropriations for lawless foreign mis- 1
sions; the Secretary of War runs his, and thrusts
in over ninety-eight millions of deficiencies, two
months after he says he has enough in the an-
nual appropriations; the Secretary of the Navy
runs his; while the Secretary of the Treasury, the
victim of all, because he'has to find paper money
for all,runs his printing machines,and his presi-
dential machine, one and all. Is it any wonder
that under such an administration of the Govern-
ment we are annually spending more money to
subdue a few million starving rebels than Great
Britain spent in six years to bring down the world-
wandering eagles of the great Napoleon.
I availed myself of a former opportunity to
denounce this whole system of deficiency bills.
I showed that appropriations were made without
law. I exhibited in this bill, and it is here repro-
duced, the creation of four hundred and forty odd
clerks utterly without law. I showed the crea-
tion of a foreign mission by the Secretary of State
without kw.
The recklessness of law has become so rife among
the Departments that even the Commissioner of
Agriculture turns-pp in this bill in the most ex-
traordinary demlffd for a deficiency. When we
have deficiencies in the Departments it is not to
be wondered at that the Commissioner of Agri-
culture comes before Congress and tells it that he
has purchased things without law for which he
must have an appropriation. I find in the Senate
amendments the following:
To supply deficiencies in the Department of Agriculture
for the current year, as follows:
For the purchase of sorghum seed, $0,000.
>'or rebuilding shop in the propagating .garden, $800.
For postage, $1,320-
For carpets, furniture, and cans for fruit, $350.
For fuel, $300.
This is the farcical part of*the bill. 1 allude to
it not in resistance to the purchase of these hum-
ble matters, for seed may do some good to the
country, while appropriations for this war are all
lost except as they may serve to restore the Union.
This gentleman with the illustrious name, in a
letter to the Finance Committee of the Senate,
says:
"The destructive frosts of last autumn in a large part of i
the West rendered entirely woi thless many important seeds
which I have been called upon to supply, chief of which
is the sorghum, now becoming one of the most important
crops of the country. In several of the large States the
seed was so generally destroyed that I have felt obliged at
the ur«ent call of the fanners to send abroad for a fresh sup-
ply of puie seed."
Groat sorglium-seed seller!
II An increasing belief among the people in the feasi-
bility ofproducingan excottent article ofsilk from the ailan-
tiius silkworm, and jepeated inquiries for the means of if*
production, have led me to order a large quantity cocoons
from France, where it has proved a perfect success."
Importer of cocoons!
" An extensive failure of the corn crops, with other
causes, has created a great demand for new and different
varieties of wheat for both fall and spring sowing, which
has been met by importations from England, Russia, and
the Mediterranean, and by purchases of improved varieties
of Ameiican growth."
Great wheat-seed dealer!
" The very great and mcrea&ing interest in the culture of
the grape, and the consequent demand for vines, has in-
duced a large increase in the expenses of the propagating i
garden." I
Vines for the propagating garden! Well, well! !
All this in a deficiency bill. What next may we ;
be coming to? !
The Commissioner of the Department of Agri- ;
culture gives no excuse for his lawless purcha&e !
of carpet, furniture, and cans for fruit, except that ;
he has expended the money, and wants an appro-
priation for it! • i
This is a mere farce. It is not worthy of no- ,
tice, except to show that the higher officers of the ;
Government, by the creation of foreign missions,
by enormous expenditures, without law, have in- ,
duced the Commissioner of Agriculture to pur- '
chase canned fruit,sorghum seed,carpet,and fur- :
niture,allin humble imitation of the higher powers •
that thers act without law. j
But there are other appropriations in this bill ;
which are far from being farcical, and which may ;
be termed tragical. To these I call the attention
of the House. The Quartermaster comes before .
the country and asks for $25,000,000 deficiency ;
for additional transportation for the Army for the :
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1S64. The ;
Senate have increased that, and increased it to
$30,000,000 in the bill now before the House.
The Quartermaster General says:
"This deficiency is caused by the activity of movement
of the armies, the gieat expense of the transportation of
the army operating against Vicksburg, the transfer of army
corps from the army of the Potomac to the division of the
Mississippi, the Texas expedition, the transportation fur-
nished to veteran volunteers to and from their homes, fur-
loughed or reenlisting, and the purchase of transports."
But the Quartermaster General has not told the
whole truth. These $30,000,000 deficiencies have
also been made necessary by the transportation of
troops to influence and carry elections in the coun-
try. If we could have the details of these quar-
termaster expenditures the House would find that
a large part of this new deficiency was created in
the expense of the transportation of a regiment
or two to New Hampshire a year ago to carry
the election in that State. If we could have a his-
tory of the transportation of troops we would find
that several regiments and portions of regiments
supposed to be favorable to the dominant party
were carried to and fro to vote at the expense of
the Government. There has been transportation
of the Army solely to execute the purposes of the
party in power.
If we could have the history of the transporta-
tion of the Army, we would find that a large num-
ber of troops selected for being favorable to the
Administration party were sent last October and
November to New York, Pennsylvania, or to
the western States, and afterwards to Mary-
land and Delaware to carry the elections there.
There is where the deficiency of §30,000,000 re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means is
mainly due. It is due to the efforts of the War
Department to carry the elections of the country.
There is where the money has gone. It is not
for the legitimate expenditures of this war; it is
not for the capture, overthrow, and destruction
of the rebel army, and it is not to plant the stars
and stripes upon the capitol hill of Richmond, or
on the forts of Mobile and Charleston; but it is
to subdue the Democracy, the conservative power
of New Hampshire, Connecticut, New York,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and of the great
West; in short, to overawe by arms before the
ballot-boxes the people of the country. 1 de-
nounce it with all the Vigor and power of which
I am capable. Here and hereafter will I de-
nounce it, and I appeal from the majority of this
House to the God of heaven to put the mark of
reprobation upon these wicked and criminal acts;
I appeal to the genius of libeity which has so
long hovered over and protected this hitherto
blessed country to overthrow the party in power,
that thus illegitimately perverts the valor and the
generosity and the patriotism of a great people
to overthrow their free institutions. 1 appeal to
history and to posterity to brand with everlasting
infamy the men who thus bring arms into elec-
tions, and who with the cartridge-box trample
the ballot-box underfoot. I know I shall not be
heard or heeded on the floor of this House; but
the brand of history and the curse of posterity
will be the just doom of all these destroyers of
the liberties of their country.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I would like to
inquire of my colleague whether it would not be
less expensive to let the soldiers of New York
vote in the Army than to send them home?
Mr. BROOKS. I do not choose now to be
drawn into that discussion.
I voted for this first deficiency bill of§7,000,000.
1 voted for it not cheerfully, but because in time
of war it seemed necessary to be generous, ex-
travagant, if you please, in generosity. I have
voted for all the appropriation bills which have
gone from this House, but I am going to leave
this bill to be voted for by such as approve these
quartermaster deficiencies in it. Some time since
it was remarked by the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Davis] in good Virgihan Latin, that the times
" did not need help from thiazide of the House
or such helpers as wc arc." I am disposed to
accept him and his friends at his word—to let them
pass this large deficiency bill. As for myself, I
shall not vote a single dollar as a deficiency for
transportation for the Army until this transporting
of the military to carry the elections is made clear.
Those who favor such an appropriation as this
must and shall vote for it. As for myself I never
will take the responsibility of voting for a single
cent of it, and in justification of my course upon
this subject I shall appeal to the public, whom I
desire to bear in-mind that this House has not
before it a single item of legitimate estimate for
any of these deficiencies and appropriations. The
Committee of Ways and Means may have had
them, but the House has not got them. There
has been no inquiry what the expenditures have
been in New England, in the northern States, in
Maryland, and in the western States; and until we
have a detail of these expenditures for election
purposes, if not a single other vote is given against
this bill, I shall on this deficiency bill, with the
greatest pleasure with which I have given any
vote in my life, vote " no."
Mr. STEVENS. I believe the hour allowed for
debate has expired, and I will confine my remarks
to five minutes.
1 am glad the gentleman from New York has
taken this occasion to get out his campaign doc-
ument. [Laughter.] it will save considerable
time on some other occasion, and I do not know
when time can be better saved. As to the gentle-
man appealing from the committee and from this
House or a majority of it to another tribunal, well
and good, if his appeal can be entertained there.
I do not know whether any of us have a standing
in that court, but the gentleman can try it. The
gentleman will vote for no transportation of troops.
Very well.
Mr. BROOKS. I did not say that.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, the gentleman will vote
for none of this thirty millions for transportation.
That suits very well the tactics of the gentleman's
party. In the first place you vote to have no
troops according to law, and in the second place
you vote to keep them out of the field, and that
they shall not be transported to the enemy where
they can be of service. I did not expect any help
from that side of the House—I mean from some
of those gentlemen. I was very glad to hear this
denunciation of the Committee of Ways and
Means. I remember very well when my learned
•friend was in "the House at the time the gentle-
man from Alabama (Mr. Houston) was chair-
man of the committee and introduced his most ex-
travagant appropriation bills. 1 was very glad to
hear him make the same speech against that gen-
tleman which he has just made against us. ltwas
natural enough, now that he is on the other side,
that he should make the same speech against us,
and it applies just as well.
Let us consider calmly these different amend-
ments. They are very large. They amount to
§80,000,000 and upward. When the first esti-
mates were before the committee, and they framed
this bill, there had been no call for the additional
five hundred thousand men. After they were
called for, and this bill was sent to the Senate,
new estimates were made; they were sent here,
were printed in pamphlet form, and the gentle-
man, I presume, had them upon his table. If
there are any items that are improper let us vote
them down; but the idea that we are to paralyze
the arm of the Government and strike down the
appropriations for the half million of men now
called for to meet the rebels in the spring may
become that side of the House, but it would dis-
grace patriots.
Now, sir, cxcuse me for taking thus much no-
tice of a speech which was not intended for this
bill, but was intended for the time when the gen-
tleman will meet his colleague on the stump. Let
us go on and consider the amendments of the Sen-
ate. I will not ask that they shall all be rejected,
as the gentleman seems to be afraid of that. I
am willing that they shall be considered in detail.
It will only take a few days, and as we shall cer-
tainly reject most of them the matter will go to a
committee of conference, as I proposed in the first
instance; but the difficulty which the gentleman
will encounter is that if the House should adopt
gome of the amendments it will be against his
theory. I am willing, however, that the House
shall go on and let each amendment be consid-
ered by itself.
Before we proceed with the bill I would like the
committee to reconsider its action upon the first
amendment of the Senate by agreeing to take a
new vote upon it. The Committee of Ways and
Means have agreed to concur in it because it
strikes out certain appropriations which are du-
plicated in another part of the bill, I hope the
committee will agree to do that before proceeding
further with the bill.
