976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall have to object to go-
ing back, and for this reason: if the amendment
of the Senate, to which the gentleman refers, is
agreed to, it would seem to render it neccssary
that a subsequent amendment increasing very
largely the" feumber of clerks and their salaries
shall also be concurred in. I must, therefore,
object to going back.
Mr. MuRRILL. The matter can be arranged
when the bill is reported to the House. It is per-
haps due thit I should say that the first amend-
ment which I asked the House to non-concur in
was a separate and distinct one in itself. 1 sup-
posed that it embraced not only the question of
striking out, but also that of inserting what the
Senate proposed. 1 find now that it does not do
that, and I have no objection to the striking out.
Mr. HOLMAN. Would not the effect of strik-
ing this out be to compel the House to insert what
the Senate proposes to insert in a subsequent part
of the bill?
Mr. MORRILL. No,sir. The gentleman will
find the proposition to which he refers set forth in
a separate section at the end of the bill. It re-
quires a concurrence in that section in order to
meet the full views of the Senate,
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection to
going back?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir; I object for the pres-
ent. I do not understand this matter exactly.
The second amendmentof the Senate was then
concurred in.
Third amendment:
Strike out the following paragraphs:
For compensation of return clerk from January 1 to June
SO, 1864, §600.
For compensation of the Mirveyor general of Illinois and
Missouri, the office to be hereafter closed, §'1,668 48.
For compensation of clerks in the olfice of the surveyor
general of California, $l,3o0.
Mr, STEVENS. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend non-concurrence in that
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
On page 4 of the printed bill, after line seventy, insert
the following:
To supply deficiencies in the Department of Agricul-
ture for the current year, as follows:
For the purchase of sorghum seed. $2,000.
For rebuilding shop in the propagating garden, §800.
For postage, $1.3,20.
For carpets, furniture, and cans for fruit, $350.
For fuel, $300.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of "Ways and
Means recommend concurrence in that amend-
ment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
On page 5, after line eighty-seven, insert the following:
To supply a deficiency''in "the appropriation for the pur-
chase and manufacture of arms lor volunteers and regu-
lars?, ordnance and oidnance store*, ,$7,700,000.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the man-
ufacture ol arms at the national aimory, .$"500,000.
To supply a deficiency in the appropiiauoa lor the Sur-
geon General's department, to wit:
For medical instruments and dieting*. $1,300,000.
For hospital stoics, bedding, and bo forth, §1.200,000.
For hospital luimture and field equipment, $300,000.
For books, stationery, and printing, .$'33,GOO.
Foi ice, flints, and other comforts, $100,000.
For hospital clothing, .$40,000.
For citizen nurses, §38,000.
For sick soldiers m puvate hospitals, $17,000.
For aitificial limbs tor soldiers and seamen, $16,000.
For citizen physicians and medicines lurnished l>y them,
$185,000.
For hire of clerks and laborers in purveying depots,
$23,000. "
For contingent expenses of the medical department,
$5,000.
For medicines and medical attendance for negro refu-
gees, commonly called "contrabands,'" $33,000.
For washing and washing machine* lor hospitals where
matrons cannot be employed, .$1,000.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the sub-
sistence of the Army, to wit:
For volunteers and diafted men, §3,825,000.
For employs, *3640,640.
For women, ^ilb',400.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the
engineer dep.utin^nt:
For contingencies of formication?, including fieldworks,
$500,000. '
To -.upply a deficiency in the appropriation for th« quar-
termaster'^ (ieprutmi.'nt, to wit:
For puichu-e ofc.ivaJr) and artillery hor-.es, .Q17 500 000.
 ii'Wl,lr supping ol the quartmiuaers department,
$18,.>00 000. 1 '
For binaries, quarter?, and so forth, C'3..V)0 000.
For ttan«poitoriou of thy Aimy, $30,(KW,000'.
mf Y ^000*000 cx^enatiS Quartermaster's depart-
For transportation officers' baggage, $100,000.
For clothincr, camp and gnrrKon equipage. ,$7,000,000.
To Mipply a deficiency m the appiopriation for the
Adjutant General's department:
For purchase of books of tactics, §25,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. Are a!i those items under-
stood to be one amendment, or ate they sepaiate
amendments r
' The CHAIRMAN. They are one amend-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask some mem-
berofthe Committeeof Waysand Means "whether
this appropriation of $33,000 for medicines and
medical attendance for negro refugees commonly
called " contrabands" is for attendance upon Af-
rican soldiers in the service, or if it is for the ben-
efit of the refugee contrabands now within the
lines of the Government and under the control of
the Government? If it is understood that this is
an appropriation for the benefit of negro soldiers
employed by the Government, it may be all right
and proper. The objection that I make is to the
propriety of appropriating this sum of money for
the medical attendance of persons who are in no
way in the service of the Government. I am not
ready to make a motion on the subject, for 1 do
not know exactly the purport of the appropria-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. If I understand the gentle-
man aright, the answer is that this estimate is
made simply for the service of the Army.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then this is simply for the
medical attendance on negro soldiers. The item
is " for medicine and medical attendance for ne-
gro refugees, commonly called contrabands." Is
it for the benefit of negro soldiers employed by
the Government, or is it for persons not in the
employment of the Government?
Mr. STEVENS. These negro refugees, as the
gentleman knows, are all taken charge of and
employed by the Government under act of Con-
gress. Some of them are employed about the
fortifications. Some of them are enlisted in the
Army, it is for the purpose of furnishing them
with medicine and medical attendance that this
appropiiation is made.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I move to amend by
adding the following words: "who are or shall
be in the employment of the Government."
Mr. STEVENS. I think the bill is well enough
as itis. I know thegentleman from Illinois wants
to help it, [laughter,] but I think we will let it
stand.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will not accept the amendment because
he knows very well that this appropriation is not
for slaves or contrabands in the employment of
the Government of the United States, but for those
negroes who have run from their masters, and
who are in camps all down the Mississippi river,
supported by the Government of the United States
without authority of law. I think that this ap-
propriation is without law, and that it ought not
to have its place in this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know any such
thing. I do not know that a single man of them
is supported without authority of law. I have
no such knowledge.
Mr. MALLORY". I ask the chairman of the
Committeeof Waysand Means what Department
of the Government has sent in estimates to the
Committee of Ways and Means for these items?
Mr. STEVENS. The appropriation conies
from the Senate under estimates made to the Sen-
ate, which are printed.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not think that any es-
timates were sent for this item to the Senate. No
estimate for any such appropriation came to the
Committee of Waysand Means. If there be any
necessity for it, that necessity existed when the bill
was before the Committee of Ways and Means
for its action. And the chan man, knowing that
no estimate was sent to ourcommittce, mustthere-
fore know that no such estimate was sent to the
Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is under a misapprehension. 1 find in the
additional estimatesan item for medicine and med-
.ical attendance for negro refugees,commonly called
conttabamls.
Mr. MALLORY. Additional estimates sent
to the Senate?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I beg pardon of th'c
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will look at these additional estimates, he
will find an item: " for medicines and medical at-
tendance for negro refuge) s, commonly caihd
contrabands, $33,750." Tl,ie gentleman has fur-
gotten it, i know.
Mr. MALLORY. I did not observe that any
estimate was sent to the Senate for this appropri-
ation, but I retract what I said in regaid to the
matter, as the gentleman has read it fiom the es-
timates sent to the Senate. Rut am I not still cor-
rect in saying that it is not for the benefit of col-
ored soldiers, or of those employed in the service
of the United States?
Mr. HOLMAN. The language of the item is
simply: " medicine and medical attendance for
negro refugees, commonly called contraband*."
Rlr. MALLORY. Then it is evident that tins
appropriation is for the benefitofthose slaves who
have come into the Army of the United States,
and are taken care of and supported by the Army.
This is a proposition to make that legal for which
there was no legal authority before.
Mr. HOLMAN. As the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania supposes that this appropriation is for
the purpose of supplying medicine and medical
attendance for negroes m the s^vice of the Gov-
ernment, it is very proper for him to say so; for
it surely would be a very extraordinary thing on
the part of Congress to appropriate money for
persons not so employed.
Mr. STEVENS. May I say to the gentleman
from Indiana that if he will look at the heading
of the estimate, he will find that it is for those
who are put into the hospitals, so that they are
so far in the military service that they have been
in the service, come out, and gone into hospitals.
Mr. GANSON. Why are they called t( refu-
gees" then ?
Mr. STEVENS. .They are refugees. They
are those who have been once slaves, but who
having left or been left by their former masters
have gone into the service of the United States.
Mr. MALLORY. If they are in the service
of the United States, why does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania insist upon calling them "refu-
gees?5
Mr. STEVENS. I call them refugees. They
are not slaves. They have been slaves, but, hav-
ing gone into the service of the United State s, they
will not be again remanded to slavery unless by
some new method of reconstruction it should be
accomplished.
Mr. MALLORY. I call them slaves, because
I do not recognize the validity of any proclama-
tion ireeineslaves. I therefore call them slaves.
Mr. STEVENS. I call them refugee^ be-
cause, although they have been slaves, they have
taken to themselves wing's 
Mr. MALLORY. S.iy "Ugs;" don't say
" wings." [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. And flown away, and they
are therefore refu^< es.
Mr. MALLORY. They have run away, there
is no doubt about that; but they have not vet quite
become ang* Is and been endowed With win^s.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. If these peordc are m the em-
ployment of the Government, th< n th^ amoi>d-
ment i have suggested will do tin m n>> hai m. If
theyaie not, then this appropriation is not prop-
erly in this bill. 1 therefore mbibt upon niynmei.d-
ment, so that the House rnuv M t.' ni'.'jiiL'vntiy
upon the subject. If these persons are m t h* r-
vice of the Umtt-d States, their- is, of «our no
objection to this appropiiaiion f«.i tb<-m; at d u uh
the appropriation so guarded, 1 shall g;\e it u\v
cordial support.
Mr KASSOX. TVForo the pr<>po? stion of the
gentleman from Indiana is put to vote 1 a'-k n-
tlemen upon the other side to look at it a a qo-
tion of fact, which appeals before the country in
connection with this'war.
It is well known throughout the country
in this House th.it many of th-^e <olwed pn
whose masters have ih-d fiom thf m a-: .u^'Ai
nas advanced, and who have been uh),
subhisfnee, withouisnppoit. h;t\i i< eor(< d to !b<-
vicinity of the eunins oecu,>i< d by tin I'lnOd
Slates Army. And that fact is n-..? only applh u-
ble to the black p( oph>, but rd-m tin what people.
White people, and bittur iwryK.in,:^ two, nave
actually become refugees near the camps of the
Army of tha United States for the purpose of
i ml
>ple
ii y
•at
