
January 14. -Moved forward, encountering the rebels at Garden's Corner, where they were fortified; drove them to Pocotaligo, forcing them to leave three lines of works, making a march of fourteen miles.

January 15. -Moved to Pocotaligo Station, on the Savannah and Charleston Railroad, distance of three miles and a half, and encamped, intrenching our position. The brigade was engaged in building corduroy roads, destroying railroad, foraging from the country, skirmishing with the enemy, and drilling.

January 30. -The brigade was ordered forward, moving twelve miles on the Barnwell road.

January 31. -Remained in camp with heavy details to make demonstrations across the Salkehatchie.

During the month the brigade marched forty-nine miles; traveled by steamer sixty-five miles. Total, 114 miles.

February 1. -The brigade was encamped near Bradsfordsville, S. C., one day's march from Pocotaligo, and the third day on the campaign through South Carolina; moved thirteen miles in the direction of Barnwell.

February 2. -Made a detour through Angley's Post-Office, marching sixteen miles, crossing Jackson's Branch in the face of the enemy, driving him.

February 3. -Moved to Rivers' Bridge Post-Office, and engaged in effecting a crossing.

February 5. -Crossed Big Salkehatchie; encamped on Black's plantation, marching seven miles.

February 6. -Marched fourteen miles and encamped near Millersville Post-Office.

February 7. -Marched nine miles toward Midway.

February 9. -Marched through Midway and to Binnaker's Bridge, on the South Edisto, marching sixteen miles.

February 10. -Crossed the river and marched four miles on the Orangeburg road.

February 11. -Marched fourteen miles, driving the enemy across North Edisto at Orangeburg with heavy skirmishing.

February 12. -Moved down the river two miles and waded across, flanking the enemy, securing the Branchville railroad and destroying it, forcing the rebels to leave.

February 13. -Marched fourteen miles; destroyed two miles railroad and marched twelve miles toward Columbia.

February 15. -Marched eleven miles; crossed Congaree Creek, forcing the enemy to retire.

February 16. -Marched eight miles to a point opposite Columbia.

February 17. -Moved across Saluda and Broad Rivers, marching five miles, encamping near Columbia, S. C.

February 18. -Marched through the city and nine miles on the Charlotte railroad.

February 20. -Marched twelve miles; destroyed one mile and a half of railroad.

February 21. -Marched toward Winnsborough sixteen miles, destroying two miles of railroad.

February 22. -Marched to Poplar Springs, sixteen miles; destroyed two miles of railroad.

February 23. -Marched six miles; crossed Wateree River.

February 24. -Marched twelve miles, through Liberty Springs Post-Office.

February 25. -Marched eleven miles.

