
I am happy to report that all the officers of the brigade gave me their most hearty co-operation during these operations, particularly Captain Tucker, Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, officer of the picket.

RECAPITULATION.

Command. 	 Killed	 Wounde	 Missin	 Total

 	 d	 g

17th Massachusetts	 6	 13	 15	 34

Battery A, 3rd New York	 . . . 	 1	 . . . 	 1

Artillery

25th Massachusetts	 2	 5	 1	 8

Total	 8	 19	 16	 43

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY SPLAINE,

Lieutenant Colonel Seventeenth Massachusetts Vol. Infty., Commanding

Captain H. H. THOMAS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, District of Beaufort.

Numbers 270. Reports of Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the South, of operations January 1-February 1.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., January 8, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report by this mail that everything remains in a satisfactory condition in this department. In Savannah and vicinity General Sherman's army is rapidly preparing for an offensive movement by getting in supplies, clothing, &amp;c., and by a preparatory movement of troops. The full report of all that relates to this army will, without doubt, be fully communicated by General Sherman, for whose mail the Arago will be detained. Defensive works around Savannah for small garrisons are now in process of construction under the superintendence of Captain Poe, U. S. Engineers, and chief engineer of General Sherman's army. A landing for the supply of the army has been made at Thunderbolt on Wilmington River, from which point to the city a railroad is being rapidly laid. The draught of ten feet water at low tide can be carried up to this landing, which has the further advantage of so bold a shore as to enable vessels to land at wharves of only forty feet in length. The obstructions in the Savannah River are of so heavy a character that it will require many weeks to remove them. The most formidable are those at the head of Elba Island, crossing both the north and south channels. An opening had been made by the rebels in the south channel sufficient for the passage of a narrow boat, but these obstructions are continuous across the north channel, which is the deeper of the two, the south channel having on the flats below the mouth of Saint Augustine Creek only five feet of water at low tide. Although the passage of a vessel by the south channel as far as the mouth of Saint Augustine Creek, and thence through that creek can be made by a vessel drawing nine feet at low tide, yet the tortuous character of Saint Augustine Creek, between its mouth and Thunderbolt, where the stream receives the name of Wilmington River,

