
the passage through the draws of two bridges that span this creek, and the getting around a lar-desk which has been sunk in it, makes the navigation of this creek so difficult as to seriously interfere with anything like the rapid transmission of supplies through it. All heavy vessels, therefore, can better land at Thunderbolt until the obstructions in the north channel are removed. As great a quantity of supplies as can be lightened up in small steamers are brought from the heavy vessels anchored in the Savannah River below Elba Island. Some Little delay has, however, been experienced in getting supplies to General Sherman's troops,

arising in part from the novelty of the use of water transportation by General Easton, which, at the request of General Sherman, Ii have turned over to him for this purpose, and in part from the actual scarcity of these supplies. This latter, however, applies more particularly to forage which has not arrived as rapidly as was expected, nor in the quantity anticipated, from the notice in the letter of the Quartermaster-General of the amount to be shipped to this department. General Sherman proposes, on starting upon his contemplated march, to turn over the city of Savannah to my command, with such a force as will enable me, in addition to what I can spare, to hold the city.

Ii propose to hold Thunderbolt Battery, Fort Barton, Forts Jackson and Lee, and Fort Boggs and the defenses in rear of the city, together with a small few work to be thrown up on the Union Causeway across the river. I propose to modify the old rebel works mentioned so that they may be held firmly by small garrisons. This can readily be done where the works are large, as in the case of Fort Barton, by cutting off a small portion of the work and forming it into an isolated citadel made by obstacles impregnable to assault. I propose to have a picket-line extending from the Little Ogeechee around to the Savannah River at a distance from the city varying from there miles and a half to twelve miles. I have no doubt that I can accomplish all that is required in the way of defence, especially as I hope to raise two or three regiments of colored troops from the negroes brought in with General Sherman's army. One army corps, the Seventeenth, has already been moved to Beaufort, preparatory to commencing its movement . As soon as this commences its movement, secures the first point, Pocotaligo, and commences the destruction of the railroad, I am, according to General Sherman's plan, to move my small force from the Tullifinny to Savannah in order to guard it when his whole army moves. As general Sherman's plan involves a thorough destruction of the Savannah and Charleston Railroad there will be no necessity for my maintaining a post on its line. In case of a future raid being attempted by a small force in this department, there are numberless points at which to land and commence forward movements. IT is better to leave everything open so that the enemy may not know where we are coming. By holding a post in the interior we would give the enemy the advantage of barring by defensive works all avenues of advance from it. I have in another communication acknowledged in full your two letters of the 26th ultimo. The number of colored refugees, although not quite as great as supposed, is still very considerable. Several thousands have already been brought to this place and to Beaufort. As our islands are already as populous as the advantage of this people and their labor permit, I shall be forced to establish a colony on Edisto Island, extending to it military protection for this purpose. All these calls upon the small force of my command will so completely absorb it that I shall be forced to request leave to send all the prison

