
ers we are guarding to the North, which request I have made the subject of a separate communication. The reports of deserters and refugees concur in the statement that Hardee's Army, after escaping from Savannah, separated, the Georgia Reserves, under G. W. Smith, crossing the Savannah River and going to Augusta. These openly swore that they would not fight for South Carolina, nor put their foot upon her soil if possible to avoid it. The regular infantry, comprising seven regiments, remained for some time in front of my force at Tullifinny and then a portion went to Charleston.

The report of yesterday from General Hatch represents that Anderson's brigade of regulars, 1. 500 strong, with South Carolina militia and a portion of Wheeler's cavalry, amounting in all to about 6000 men, were driving off the cattle for that purpose. I have prepared a pontoon bridge to be thrown across Whale Branch at Port Royal Ferry as soon as General Howard is prepared to move. Reports from General Schimmelfennig, commanding Northern District, represent that several regiments have returned to their former location on James Island, and that work is still going on strengthening the batteries on James Island and also upon the fort on John's Island, opposite Fort Pringle, with which it is connected by a bridge across the Stono River. Active work is also going on strengthening the defenses in rear of the city near the old Revolutionary line, and in strengthening other points on the

most important. The governor of the State has called out every man who can bear arms, between the ages of sixteen and sixty. The generals have designated the rallying points for the different regiments of this reserve militia. All that they can do, however, will scarcely retard the irresistible march of General Sherman's Army. Reports from the direction of Florida represent that the main body of Wheeler's cavalry has moved to the Altamaha River to obstruct the movements of General Shermt direction, in obedience to orders from General Hardee, who believed that such movements were designed by General Sherman. The news from the interior of Georgia is most encouraging for the cause of reconstruction of the Union. It is reported and believed that many of the towns of the interior have held meetings, following the lead of the Union meeting in Savannah, and have passed resolutions in favor of reconstruction. Many prominent citizens are reported to have come out strongly for this movement, and also that Governor Brown now proposes to submit the subject of reconstruction to a vote of the people of the State. It is further reported by deserters and refugees that a Georgia regiment, 400 strong, stationed at Grahamville, the down their arms a few days ago and returned to Georgia. My force is still stationed at Tullifinny, with its batteries within 800 yards of the enemy and commanding the railroad. It will, however, as stated above, be removed to Savannah to secure the custody of the city when General Sherman moves.

Ii have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient

servant.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.

