
been placed under the charge of Brevet Major-General Saxton, who has accordingly been relieved of his military command in order to give his undivided attention to his assigned duty as inspector of settlements and plantations. Your order with regard to the removal of certain persons from Savannah has not yet been fully carried into effect, bud will be completely carried out as soon as the present military operations are so far advanced as to render it sage to place these people beyond the lives. The north channel is the Savannah River has been opened by my party of submarine workmen, and vessels drawing fourteen feet of water can now go up to the city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., February 1, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I have the honor to report that I returned from Savannah last night, where I saw an officer direct from Sister's Ferry, on the Savannah River, who reported that the Left Wing of General Sherman's grand army was at that point. General Slocum, commanding that wing, had been considerably delayed by the state of the roads and other difficulties. The causeway at Sister's Ferry, on the south side, was found to be much washed by the high water, and also to be thickly planted with torpedoes, which rendered it necessary to make a new approach. The pontoon bridge across the river at Sister's Ferry was completed on the evening of the 30th, and a few men passed over. The marsh on the north side, for one mile and three-quarters, would have to be corduroyed. General Slocum expected to have this done yesterday, so as to cross his advance-Kilpatrick's cavalry-ro day. He had communicated with General Williams from the Right Wing in the direction of Robertsville. There is a small force of Wheeler's cavalry in front near the latter place, which retires before our advance. On the south bank of the Savannah General Slocum had found only Iverson's cavalry brigade. General Sherman, who has been for several days near Pocotaligo with the Right Wing, under General Howard, will advance as soon as General Slocum is over the Savannah-probably to-morrow. General Hatch with his division has already moved to tho Salkehatchie River, relieving the Seventeenth Corps from their position at that point fronting the enemy. He will for several days retain his whole force in this position, and enough force will continue to be retained there to hold the railroad from Salkehatchie to Coosawhatchie. In the meantime I have sent General E. E. Potter with three regiments to make diversions toward the railroad near Charleston, and Edisto Island is now held by our troops, who have demonstrated toward the enemy's works at Willstown, and also on Adams' Run from White Point. Continuing this as long as iit is effective, I shall, in obedience to the directions of General Sherman, finally move this small force to James Island, and feel the enemy there as much as is prudent. Generally, I am to watch the enemy, and to demonstrate against him wherever it will be effective.

Ii have received orders from General Sherman relating to the arrival of General Schofield in North Carolina, and in obedience to them have

