
by a torpedo in Winyah Bay three days ago, with the loss of one man. Ii cannot learn that any torpedoes have yet been found in Charleston Harbor, or indeed any obstructions of any kind that seriously interfere with the free navigation of all parts of the harbor.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 272. Reports of General Alexander Schimmelfennig, U. S. Army, commanding Northern District, of operations January 1-February 16.

Hdqrs. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,

Morris Island, S. C., January 13, 1865

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that northing of especial importance has occurred in this command since my last. *

The enemy is at present in about the same strength on my front as last summer; changes, however, take place daily, at least in regard to location. None of the deserters ever heard of any troops being sent from Lee's army to the vicinity of Charleston, nor has anything been observed to lead to such a supposition. None of the deserters know what troops Hardee has. The armament of forts and batteries, as well as their number, has been considerably altered since last summer, and the information received on this head I have made the subject of another report. The enemy has for the past fortnight been briskly at work strengthening his position. On Sullivan's Island he has cut several embrasures so as to be able to command the beach with grape and canister, and is daily at work on a bombproof at Fort Beauregard; at Fort Sumter he is occasionally heard at night working with heavy timber and iron. At Castle Pinckney heavy working parties have been constantly employed since my last report, probably sodding. The castle at present presents from the outside all the appearance of an earthwork. On James Island, from Fort Johnson to Pringle, they have been busy repairing and clearing the ground to the front and rear.

The buildings at Secessionville are disappearing. More than anywhere else, however, has the enemy displayed activity on the forts and batteries on John's Island; there also buildings have disappeared and batteries been unmasked. This would seemingly tend to show that the enemy is preparing for a vigorous defense; intercepted dispatches, however, rather point in the direction of evacuation. The heavy Artillery has been armed with good rifled muskets; they are seen engaged in skirmish drill, and reports have been called for from commandants of regi they required for active duty in the field. (Camp kettles, haversacks, &amp;c., were reported.) These dispatches were sent in a new code, which Sergeant Colvin, of the Signal Corps, succeeded in deciphering a few days ago. Sergeant Colvin performs his duty with great intelligence and most faithfully; his work gains importance daily, as the enemy's telegraph line is more frequently down than before.

---------------

*See Vol. XLIV, p. 839.

---------------

64 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

