
The enemy's attention has, since about a week, been drawn to the country around Bull's Bay. General Taliaferro and Colonel Rhett have been several times to inspect the works at Christ Church. A regiment of infantry and a light battery were sent to that neighborhood a few days ago, and yesterday again a regiment of infantry is reported as having crossed the bridge from Sullivan's Island to Mount Pleasant. In regard to the troops on John's Island I am entirely in the dark, and cannot get any information. The enemy has discontinued to feel my picket-lines during the night, or to reconnoiter during the day on my immediate front. He shows, however, a stronger picket-line than usual. He has occasionally fired a few shots from his batteries, probably practicing, for his fire was never directed at my lines. About forty shots have been fired from my batteries at the channel during the past fortnight. In accordance with instructions from department headquarters the firing on my part has entirely ceased. My pickets have received the necessary instructions in reference to any evacuation of Charleston Captain Hennessy, of the boat infantry, demonstrated on Dumter last night and drew Artillery and infantry fire. I have succeeded in repairing the plank walks leading over Cole's Island to the fort on the right. I have also prepared the material for an Artillery bridge to cross from the right of Cole's Island to James Island, and a party of engineers are engaged repairing the bridges on the left of Cole's Island and preparing materials to construct temporary landings in the neighborhood of both forts.

I regret to be obliged to report that the supply of scows and row-boats in this district has been reduced during my absence to about one-third of their former number, simply through carelessness. I was able last summer to transport with the scows and boats then on hand one light battery (six pieces) and 2,500 men. I am at present scarcely able to transport four pieces and 500 men.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant adjutant-General, DEPARTMENT of the South.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris island, January 25, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of the enemy on my front since the 13th instant:

Circumstances compelled me to send, by my acting assistant adjutant general, a slight sketch of these (up to the 21st instant). Since I have reported the enemy, as well as myself, have remained on the defensive. His reconnoitering parties in boats, sent out during the night from Secessionville and in front of Long Island, discontinued as soon as I sent out mine to meet them. On the 18th the enemy showed unusual activity on John's Island and to the west of Secessionville. He fired four shots from his batteries at the bridge; fired on John's Island opposite Battery Pringle; struck in the rear and to the west of Legareville. On the 19th a party came down on James Island on the immediate front of Cole's Island; they carried fire-brands, probably to set the brush on fire and destroy the bridge. Being fired upon by our forces they scattered without accomplishing their object. The enemy's

