
fatigue parties have gradually disappeared during the last week, fist on Sullivan's then on James, and finally on John's Island. Only on Castle Pinckney strong fatigue parties (say over 100 men) are still at work day and night between low and half tides. They are engaged at the foot of the rampart carrying and spreading earth and stones. The probability is that the heavy rampart sinks, and that they are strengthening the foundation. There have been various guns changed in the enemy's position, but none removed. A gin was up for about a week at Pinckney, always at the same point, probably changing the carriage of a gun, which is now lower than before. The strength of the enemy's forces on my front, if it has changed at all since my last report, has been augmented. There is a considerably larger number of camp-fires seen on James Island in rear of the first line from Fort Pringle to Battery No. 3.

About 150 to 200 men were seen marching from Battery Beauregard to Battery Marshall, on Sullivan's Island, yesterday. They had knapsacks and were followed by a wagon train. One or two more lots were seen moving in the afternoon from Moultrie to Beauregard. These troops seem to be strangers on Sullivan's Island, as they have during yesterday and to-day appeared in large numbers on the sand-hills looking around them. Their tents are erected near the barracks of the former garrison. Sullivan's Island has no doubt been largely re-enforced, but I have not yet been able to ascertain to what extent. The enemy's outposts are stronger than ever before, and they have been kept so now for over eight days. For instance, the outpost near Fort Simkins consists at present of about 200 men every night. Six weeks ago there were only twenty-five men, nights. Last summer the outposts at that place amounted to twenty-five men. Trains are heard very frequently at night running to and from Charleston, sometimes as often as every three-quarters of an hour. I am under the impression that they are not employed most of the time in transporting troops or stores, but probably removing private property from the city. The enemy has been experimenting with balls on James Island, near Charleston, and with light-balls on parachutes. Artillery firing has been heard frequently in the rear-that is, north-of Charleston, and it is supposed that the enemy is trying the range of guns mounted there. The extraordinary strength of the enemy's outposts has probably prevented deserters from coming into our lines. All the information I have of the enemy's movements is therefore restricted to the reports of my outpost and lookout, as given above, and to the intercepted dispatches of the enemy.

In regard to the latter, I have to report&gt; January 14, the blockade-runner Siren passed sagely out of Charleston Harbor. January 15, the commissary of Sullivan's Island reports 185. 000 rations on hand, and is ordered to keep forty day's rations for the garrison on Sullivan's Island, mainly flour and hard bread, and turn in the rest. Reports to rations from other posts were called for, but we were unable to get the answers. On the same day Colonel Rhett, commanding Sullivan's Island, notifies Colonel Frederick, commanding Second South Carolina Artillery, that he has got for his regiment 1. 550 Austrian rifles, which he considers a very good arm. January 16, Colonel Rhett orders his brigade to have 100 rounds of ammunition with regiment, and in the same reports a U. S. monitor sunk, but the cause is unknown to him. On the same day 220 boxes of powder are ordered to be sent from Sullivan's Island to the city. A telegraph operator at Mount Pleasant makes an application to his superior officer in Charleston by signal from Sulli

