
van's Island, showing that the former telegraphic communication between the city and Mount Pleasant is interrupted. On the 18th General Taliaferro orders Colonel Rhett to the city, to go with him to General Hardee's headquarters. Officers from James Island were ordered there at the same time, and in my opinion they then held a council of war. On the same day Captain Le Gardeur's battery is ordered from Mount Pleasant to Adams' Run to report to General Wright. On the 19th an aide-de-camp of Colonel Rhett notifies a quartermaster on James Island that he will inspect the wagon train of Colonel Rhett's brigade, showing that a field organization had

been decided upon. On the 20th the sick from Mount Pleasant are ordered to be sent to the city. On the 21st, negroes at Mount Pleasant are ordered to the city.

On the 22nd, negroes at Mount Pleasant are ordered to the city. runners to have run into charleston harbor during the night. They had shown no lights and had not been previously announced. They were probably Wilmington blockade-runners. This shows plainly that our steamers might run in the same way without being halted, and also that there are no torpedoes in the tour taken by the blockade-runners. On the same day the negroes on Sullivan's Island (workmen on the fortifications) were ordered to the city. A steamer was sent for them, indicating that their numbers were considerable. On the 23rd a surgeon on Sullivan's Island wishes to send his convalescent to Charleston, but is informed from there that the Summerville hospital has been closed an removed into the interior, and that no a more sick can be received in the city On the 24th it was too hazy to send any signal dispatches. On the 25th a number of officers of Colonel Rhett's brigade, from James Island and Sumter, were ordered to sit on a court-martial on Sullivan's ISLAND. On the 26th there were a number of other dispatches of less importance. I may add that the enemy's signal corps is drilling with small flags, and on the field system.

From the above information it will be seen that the enemy is, as heretofore, preparing for both eventualities, determined defense as well as evacuation; and although his preparations point more and more in the latter direction, it is evident that he takes things easier now than a fortnight since. Courts-martial were then dissolved, and are now recommenced. He will evacuate in haste as soon as we threaten his line of retreat in earnest. He will show determined resistance if simply attacked in his front, where he is strongest. If we wish to get the majority of their garrison with the enemy's works, we have simply to attack them in front, and about the same time place a similar or a superior force in their lines of retreat and communication.

I have the honor to inclose an order issued to my command to insure its readiness in case of an evacuation by the enemy, and also a copy of the instructions given by me to Colonel Koylay, commanding Folly island, for his guidance in the same case. For the command on Morris Island I have given verbal instructions, besides being myself on the ground. The activity of my command has been limited to a vigilant observation of the enemy's doings during the day and to a feeling of his new lines at night. The boat infantry of the Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Captain Hennessy, have been up on several occasions to reconnoiter around Sumter and Simpkins, and other places, and drew the enemy's fire. For more than a week past thy have not been able to draw any Artillery fire from Sumter.

On the morning of the 20th of January Captain Hennessy discovered a steamer at Sumter's wharf, most gallantly went up to her, and fired three shells at and into her with his boat howitzer, driving her aground.

