
[Inclosure No. 1.]
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,January 19, 1865.

Colonel E. A. KOZLAY,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Folly Island, S. C.:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that in case of an evacuation by the enemy of their works on your front you will be guided by the following instructions, unless something unforseen occurs, in which case you will not consider these directions absolute, but proceed upon your own judgment: The commanders of the respective forts on Long Island and the right of Cole's Island will be instructed to immediately send forward three reliable men, who volunteer to make the reconnaissance. These men will proceed at a distance of fifty paces from each other toward Secessionville and Fort Lamar and Fort Pringle. In they find the places evacuated they will make preconcerted signals with a flag to the officer sending them out, and one will return personally and report. The commanding officers of Long Island and Cole's Island will of course at once notify you of their suspicions, whereupon you will have your command concentrated at Stono Landing, either to take them by steamer to the right of Cole's Island or by boats to the south end of Cole's Island, and march from there up to the right of Cole's Island. Upon such information from your front you will at once dispatch the engineers to the right of Cole's Island to await the orders of the commander of Cole's Island. If Secessionville is

reported evacuated by the messenger who returns from the reconnaissance the garrison of Long Island, except thirty men remaining in the fort, will cross over to Secessionville and take possession of it. The commander of Cole's Island, after having made the above reconnaissance with three volunteers, and on their reporting the evacuation will lave thirty men in each of the forts on the right and left of Cole's Island, and with the balance of his force repair the bridge on the right end of Cole's Island. By the time the bridge is repaired the forces from Folly Island will probably have arrived there, and when he has accumulated 200 men he will march forward and take Fort Pringle. At each of the forts (Mahan and Delafield) you will lave a ee men, who may be convalescents. A small provost guard will be left at Stono, to aid in which all the civilians will be put at once on duty the moment such a movement commences. You will take with you all the horses you can. Finding the first line of works on James ISLAND evacuated you will re-enforce Pringle and Secessionville to 200 men in the aggregate, and take with the rest a reserve position near the enemy's rifle-pits. You will send forward a squad of mounted men, either on private or public horses, in the direction of Fort Johnson, in order to open connection with the troops from Morris Island, and a second similar squad in the direction of Fort Pemberton, having previously provided them both with guides. You will inform the commanding officer of the navy at Stono to the movement as soon as it takes place; hand him a copy of these instructions, and request his co-operation up the river. The troops once in possession of Pringle and Secessionville will strengthen those works in rear with shovels and axes, and turn the enemy's Artillery to as good account as possible; will hold the places, and not retire even if attacked by a heavy force.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES M. WALTON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

