
[Inclosure No. 2.]
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,January 19, 1865.

Colonel E. A. KOZLAY,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Folly Island, S. C.:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you will issue to the troops of your command three days' small rations, consisting of hard bread, coffee, sugar, and salt. The quartermaster will issue small bags for every enlisted man for the purpose of carrying extra salt, sugar, and coffee. the rations issued as above will be kept in the haversacks untouched until further orders. Each man will be provided with eighty rounds of ammunition, forty rounds in cartridge-box and forty rounds in knapsack. In case the troops are ordered forward overcoats will be worn, no matter how warm the weather may be; also every man will carry one woolen blanket, a rubber blanket, one pair extra socks, and his knapsack. Every ten men are to carry one ax and one shovel or spade. You will see that the requisite number of stretchers is on hand to accompany the troops. Officers and men will be warned not to leave their camps in order that they may be; also every man will carry one woolen blanket, a rubber blanket, one pair extra socks, and his knapsack. Every ten men are to carry one ax and one shovel or spade. You will see that the requisite number or stretchers is on hand to accompany the troops. Officers and men will be warned not to leave their camps in order that they may be ready to fall in at a moment's notice.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES M. WALTON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

(Copy to Lieutenant-Colonel Bennett.)
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,

Morris Island, S. C., February 4, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor respectfully to report:

All signs of evacuation of Charleston have ceased since my report of the 25th of January. The enemy takes matters more easily every day, and his officers are at present inviting each other, by mens of the military signal line, to cock fights. This impression, obtained from the intercepted dispatches, is supported by the reappearance of the enemy's fatigue parties in small numbers all over his lines. Deserters who landers on Morris Island on the evening of the 26th of last month. After that it was said large re enforcements had come from Virginia and a determined stand would be made. Their statements are contained in the annexed report of Lieutenant Schaeffer. This state of affairs will not induce me to relax in vigilance, as changes may take place every moment.

On the 31st of January General Taliaferro inspected the different works on Sullivan's Island, and on this occasion one signal operator signaled to another that General Sherman was within ten miles of Augusta, and that fighting had commenced. Four steamers (blockade-runners) have successfully run out, two in, and one has been stranded near Battery Marshall since my last report. Entire quiet has been the rule on the enemy's line as well as on mine. A reconnaissance made by the gun-boats in Stono River has led to no further developments as regards the strength of the enemy on John's Island or the armament of the new batteries. Two or three guns have

