
been changed, to my knowledge, on James Island, but changes always take place on the enemy's line within the space of every ten days and are of no significance. The enemy's strength seems to be the same as last reported, and the re-enforcements on Sullivan's Island seem to consist of the First Carolina State Infantry. The enemy's outpost lines have been kept up in their former strength.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., January 29, 1865.

Brigadier General A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Commanding Northern District, Department of the South:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the following as the information obtained from eight deserters from the receiving ship Indian Chief, Charleston Harbor, who arrived in our lines on the evening of January 26. These men are the crew of one of the picket boats in the harbor. They took possession of the arms of the two officers, who were in their boat, while they were asleep, and then landing these officers on the marsh near Mount Pleasant, came over, bringing with them their carbines, cutlasses, signal light, &amp;c. As regards general news, the reports of these men are conflicting and uncertain. They have heard that Hill's corps was expected here from Virginia. Some of them brought a rumor that Hood's army was only a few days' distance from Charleston. They speak of a council of war of Generals Beauregard, Hardee, and Joseph E. Johnson, in the city, ten or twelve days since, at which Commodores Ingraham, Tucker, and other officers assisted. They all agree that some twelve days ago all the talk was of evacuation; but that this has since changed, and they are now going to make a fight of it. With regard to information concerning this district, they know nothing about the numbers or composition of the land forces, excepting that in the city there are about the same garrisons as for sometime past. Fort Ripley mounts now only two "quaker" guns, and has a garrison of a sergeant and ten men. The effective iron-clads in the harbor are at present only two in number, viz, the Charleston, flagship, armament, six 8-inch rifled guns; can steam about six knots an hour, carries Commodore Tucker's flag, and is commanded by Captain Brown; the Chicora, Captain Hunter, armament also six 8-inch rifles; her engines are weak, and she can hardly stem the tide. Both these vessels carry a torpedo on the bow. One of them goes on picket every night near Fort Johnson. The iron-clad Columbia, their best boat, was lost in the harbor about ten days ago. Her crew has been sent to Richmond, Va. The Palmetto State, Lieutenant Rochelle commanding, also an iron-clad, carrying five guns, is undergoing heavy repairs, having new flues put in, and will not be fit for service for two mouths. There are two more iron-clads in course of building, one recently launched and the other still on the stocks.

There is no wooden fleet in the harbor. The receiving ship Indian Chief, Lieutenant Ray commanding, has now only between sixty and seventy men on board, having recently sent about 125 men to Wil

