
Kozlay again to advance from Cole's Island to Battery and James Islands on the 14th instant, repeating the demonstration made before, though with a much smaller force. This was done, the crossing being covered by the gun-boats on Stono River and Secessionville Creek.

Colonel Kozlay's command remained on James Island during the day, finding the enemy, though in diminished numbers, behind his rifle-pits, and retired to Cole's Island again after dark. From the testimony of prisoners made on James Island on the 10th it is very evident that the enemy had not dared to take away any troops from my front. The demonstration caused him to withdraw troops from his flanks, bringing those from Andersonville and Mount Pleasant to James Island, and, according to there information of a deserter to the navy, bringing troops up here from the Edisto lines.

I have the honor herewith to inclose copies of the intercepted signal dispatches of the enemy since the 10th instant, showing the movements of the enemy caused by the James Island demonstration of the 10th and 11th; showing the effect produced by Bull's Bay expedition, and giving in the instructions to the signal corps decided evidence of an anticipated evacuation.

Besides these dispatches I have the reports from my outposts that yesterday and this morning guns were being moved from some points in the enemy's lines, and that a number of tents have disappeared from James Island.

I gave orders this afternoon for the troops on Folly Island again to cross to-night to Cole's and James' Islands. The troops on Morris Island are at present assembled at the left batteries, with a sufficient supply of boats there to take them over to James Island. Scouts and strong parties are out to feel the enemy's lines and to land on James Island, if Possible. I am waiting for their signals and reports. I sent to General Potter this morning, for his information, a copy of intercepted signal dispatches with regard to his movements, and also informed him of what I had done and probably should do.

I have the honor to be, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South.

Numbers 273. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Augustus G. Bennett, Twenty-first U. S. Colored Troops, of operations February 18.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Charleston, S. C., February 24, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the evacuation and occupation of Charleston:

On the morning of February 18 I received information that led me to believe the defenses and lined guarding the city of Charleston had been deserted by the enemy. I immediately proceeded to Cumming's Point, from whence I sent a small boat, in the direction of Fort Moultrie, which

