
boat, when forty yards east from Fort Sumter, was met by a boat from Sullivan's Island containing a full corps of band musicians abandoned by the enemy. These confirmed my belief of an evacuation. I had no troops that could be available under two hours, as except in a few pontoon-boats there were no means whatever of landing troops near the enemy's works or into the city. I directed Major Hennessy to proceed to Fort Sumter and there replace our flag. The flag was replaced over the southeast angle of Fort Sumter at 9 a.m. I now pushed for the city, stopping at Fort Ripley and Castle Pinckney, from which works rebel flags were hauled down and the American flag substituted. The guns in these works were in good order. There was mounted in Fort Ripley one "quaker" gun bearing southeast. Ii landed at Mills' Wharf, Charleston, at 10 a. m., where I Learned that a part of the enemy's troops wet remained in the city, while mounted patrols were out in every direction applying the torch and driving the inhabitants before them. I at once addressed to the mayor of the city the following communication:
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Charleston, S. C., February 18, 1865.

Mayor CHARLES MACBETH,

Charleston:

MAYOR: In the name of the United States Government I demand a surrender of the city of which you are the executive officer. Until further orders all citizens will remain within their houses.

Ii have the honor to be, mayor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. BENNETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding U. S. FORCES, Charleston.

My whole force consisted of five officers and the armed crews of two small boats, comprising in all twenty-two men. Both officers and men volunteered to advance from the wharf into the city, but no re-enforcements being in sight I did not deem it expedient to move on.

Public buildings, stores, warehouses, private dwellings, shipping, &amp;c., were burning and being fired by armed rebels, but with the force at my disposal it was impossible to save the cotton and other property. While awaiting the arrival of my troops at Mills' Wharf a number of explosions took place. The rebel commissary depot was blown up, and with it, it is estimated, that not less than 200 human beings, most of whom were women and children, were blown to atoms. These people were engaged in procuring food for themselves and families, by permission from the rebel military authorities.

The rebel ram Charleston was blown up while lying at her anchorage opposite Mount Pleasant ferry wharf, in the Cooper River. Observing a small boat sailing toward the bay under a flag of truce, I put off to it, and received from a member of the common council a letter addressed to the general commanding U. S. forces at Morris Island, or to the officer in command of the fleet. The following is a copy of the letter:

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 18, 1865.

The GENERAL COMMANDING THE ARMY OF THE UNITED SATES AT MORRIS ISLAND:

SIR: The military authorities of the Confederate States have evacuated the city. I have remained to enforce law and preserve order until you take such steps as you may think best.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES MACBETH,

Mayor.

