
May 3. -Marched twenty-one miles; encamped near Roanoke River.

May 4. -Remained in camp; Fifteenth Corps crossing.

May 5. -Marched twenty-eight miles.

May 6. -Marched twenty-six miles.

May 7. -Marched nineteen miles.

May 8. -Marched through Petersburg, three miles and a half, on Richmond road, making nineteen miles.

May 9. -Marched seventeen miles; encamped two miles from Richmond; remained in this camp up to the 12th, when we marched through Richmond, making nine miles; continued our march up to the 19th, when we arrived at Alexandria, Va., and remained in camp until the 23rd, when we moved up to the Long Bridge preparatory to the review of the 24th, after which we marched to our present camp, about four miles from the city.

Total distance marched, 349 miles.

June 1. -The command was encamped near the city of Washington; received orders to be ready to move.

June 6. -Was transported by rail to Parkensburg, W. Va., arriving there on the morning of the 8th, and embarked on steamers for Louisville, Ky., arriving there on the 10th, where we have been encamped since in a very pleasant and beautiful camp about two miles from the city, on the Newburg pike.

Fourth Division.

May 1. -Left camp near Powell's Bridge, Neuse River, N. C. ; marched to Richmond via Petersburg and Manchester, distance 160 miles, arriving on the 9th.

May 12. -Left camp near Richmond; marched to Alexandria, Va., via Fredericksburg, distance 130 miles; arrived on the 19th.

Remained in camp near Alexandria until 23rd, when we moved to the vicinity of Long Bridge and bivouacked for the night.

May 24. -Crossed Long Bridge and passed in review through the city of Washington and went into camp, at 6 p.m., four miles north of the city.

Whole distance marched during the month, 300 miles.

June 1. -In camp near Washington, D. C.

June 7. -Moved by Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

June 10. -Arrived at Parkersburg, W. Va. ; embarked on steamers for Louisville.

June 12. -Arrived, disembarked, and marched to camp, six miles below the city, on south bank of Ohio River.

June 15. -Moved to new camp, four miles above Louisville.

Total distance traveled during the month, 994 miles.

Second Brigade, Fourth Division.

April 28. -The Fourteenth and Fifteenth Regiments Illinois Volunteer Infantry and the Thirty-second Regiment Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry were organized as a brigade, known as the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, commanded by Brigadier General C. J. Stolbrand.

April 29. -Marched from Raleigh, N. C., and went into camp same day on the north side of Neuse River, N. C., distance marched, twelve miles.

