
The deputation sent to convey the above letter represented to me that the city was in the hands of either the rebel soldiery or the mob. They entreated of me, in the name of humanity, to interpose my military authority and save the city from utter destruction. To this letter I replied in the following terms:
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Charleston Harbor, near Atlantic Wharf, February 18, 1865.

MAYOR CHARLES MACHETH:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date. thereto to state that the troops under my command will render every possible assistance to your well-disposed citizens in extinguishing the fires now burning.

I have the honor to be, mayor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. BENNETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding U. S. Forces, Charleston.

Two companies of the Fifty-second Regiment and about thirty men of the Third Rhode Island Volunteer Heavy Artillery having landed, I proceeded with them to the Citadel. I here established my headquarters, and sent small parties in all directions with instructions to impress negroes wherever found and to make them work the fire apparatus until all fires were extinguished. I also sent a strong guard to the U. S. Arsenal, which was saved. As the troops arrived they were sent out to points in the city where were located railroad depots or any large buildings containing property, such as cotton, tobacco, rice, &amp;c. It being apparent to me that I could no effectually save all that remained, I concentrated my guards wherever was stored the largest quantities.

I cannot at this time submit any account of or estimate any value to the property that has fallen into our possession. The most valuable items consist of cotton and rice. The cotton has not yet been secured. The rice is being given to the poor of the city to supply their immediate necessities.

Every officer and soldier exerted himself to a most wiling performance of every allotted duty, yet I do not deem it invidious for me to make a special mention of Lieutenant John Hackett, Company M, Third Rhode Island Artillery, who volunteered to go alone to Fort Moultrie and there raise the flag; as also to speak of Major John A. Hennessy, Captain Samuel Cuskaden, and Lieutenant P.m. Burr, all of the Fifty-second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Lieutenant James F. Heviland, acting assistant inspector general, of my staff, who accompanied me to the city, all of whose services were most highly valuable to me.

Captain H. H. Jenks, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general, also rendered important services. Although he remained at Morris Island he was very efficient in facilitating the embarkation of my troops from there.

The flags from Fort Moultrie, Castle Pinckney, and Fort Ripley, and seventeen signal pennants found in the city, were secured by the troops under my command.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. BENNETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-first U. S. Colored Troops.

Captain J. W. DICKINSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

