
engineer yesterday got aground, and he only reported his morning. I have just returned from a reconnaissance in the Houghton to Sewee's Bay, going up by the eastern creek. Captain Balch of the Pawnee accompanied me. We went in a small boat within half a mile of the landing, which I take to be where the road comes in at Vandervorst's. The enemy have works here-one old battery and some recently constructed rifle trenches. A small force could be seen. Captain Stanley is now engaged in buoying out the channel to Owendaw Creek, and as soon as that is done I shall send the tin-clads up with troops and make a landing. The gun-boats cannot cover us there, not being able to get within there miles. The creek leading to Sewee's Bay has only five feet of water at its entrance, so the gun-boats can do nothing there till high water. As soon as the tide will permit two or there of the lighter draft gun-boats will go up and open on the enemy's works, while we land at Owendaw Creek. If I cannot succeed in disembarking at the latter creek I shall try to force a landing at Sewee's Bay, near Vandervorst's. The man you have sent up will be of service, I think, after we have landed. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General GILLMORE,

Commanding Deportment of the South.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Bull's Bay, February 16, 1865.

GENERAL: Your dispatch of yesterday morning is just received. On the afternoon of the 12th, the date of my last dispatch, it began to blow a gale from the northeast, so as to render it impossible to make a landing at Owendaw Creek. Gun-boats cannot get within three miles of the mouth of this creek. The tin-clads, drawing four feet and a half of water, can approach within a mile, but at low water they will be aground, and consequently in the heavy sea, which an easterly wind makes in the exposed Bay, the tin-clads would be seriously damaged, if not knocked to pieces. The next morning, the 13th, I made arrangements with Captain Ridgely, U. S. Navy, to attempt a landing in Sewee's Bay, near the enemy's works. Five gun-boats were to have gone in to cover the landing; only two small tugs got over the bar. I took the troops in on board the tin clads. The enemy had two guns, but the fire from the tugs had no effect in silencing them. In addition to this, it was found that at the mouth of the creek in Sewee's Bay there were bars where even the launches and small boats grounded. The enemy's infantry force was not developed. I had to give up the attempt at landing for the day. In the afternoon I found another creek into Sewee's Bay with good water, and determined to try on the following day.

The next morning, the 14th however, the gale blew harder from the eastward, and Captain Ridgely did not like to risk his gun-boats on the bar. As the troops were very crowded on the Augusta and Savannah, I disembarked them on Bull's Island. Yesterday, the 15th, another attempt was to be made. I re-embarked the troops on the steamers, but the bun-boats once more got aground. I shall make another trial this morning. One of the gun-boats has got over. If we can't land in Sewee's Bay I shall take the tin-clads over to Owendaw Creek

