
and try to cover our landing. The attempt will be attended with considerable risk, and if the weather becomes bad or the boats get aground it will be an unfortunate business. The great trouble has been the entire want of information with regard to this Bay, its creeks and shores.

All the information we have has been obtained since our arrival. I have been aground every day in the Houghton while making reconnaissances. The movement seems to have caused a good deal of excitement to the enemy. I think, he has brought a considerable force to this neighborhood. The field officer of the day on Bull's Island reported yesterday morning that he heard volleys of musketry, as if from there or four regiments discharging their pieces. Whenever we approached near shore yesterday shots were fired to give the alarm. If we do not land to day I shall put the troops on shore again on Bull's Island for a day. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Bull's Bay, February 18, 1865-8 a. m.

GENERAL: I effected a landing yesterday near the place marked Jefferson's on your map. On the 16th, the date of my last dispatch, we made another demonstration against Andersonville, as the rebels call the place on Sewee's Bay, given on the old map as Vandervorst's and Doctor Jervey's. Only a gun-boat-the Ottawa got over the bar, and her fire was only from one gun, a 150 pounder Parrott. The enemy was in increased force, and had enlarged and strengthened his works, which consisted of four batteries an rifle-trenches, connecting, the whole extending for half a mile. we opened fire from the Ottawa and the Vavy tug Geranium. The enemy replied with guns of better range than out 20-pounder Parrotts. I went out in a small boat to the entrance of the creek into the Bay, and was satisfied that it would be entirely impracticable to take launches and loaded boats across. The Bay is a perfect labyrinth of shoals and oyster beds. A single light boat would have difficulty in finding her way across. I withdrew the Savannah, leaving the Ottawa and Augusta to continue the demonstrations. In the afternoon I made another reconnaissance to the Owendaw Creek and found that five feet of water could be carried within a mile of the shore. Yesterday the gun-boat Wando and transport Loyalist were sent up toward Andersonville by way of show, and the Savannah, loaded with troops, having small boats astern, and the Geranium, with the launches, were brought over to the Owendaw. The spot selected for a landing was a sandy strip lying between Owendaw Creek and its branch on the left, which is known as Graham's Creek. The enemy's works and men could be seen at Buck Hall. The launches, six in number, went ahead, opening fire as they neared the beach, and the boats with troops followed. The boats were headed for Buck Hall and the direction afterward changed. The One hundred and forty fourth New York, Colonel Lewis, landed on the beach without opposition, and marched across the marsh toward Graham's Creek, while the launches went up the same stream.

