
Not far from its mouth the enemy had a line of works and a well constructed battery, not quite complete. Here was a small force of the enemy, which fled as we advanced. The One hundred and forty-fourth New York then crossed the creek in the launches and occupied the works, which, with a Little alteration, will serve our purposes. At this point the rebels had some small salt-works. The Thirty-second Colored Troops were landed, and, with the one hundred and forty-fourth New York, held the position during the night. A channel has been found by which the tin-clads can be taken into Graham's Creek at high water. The Augusta, with the Fifty-fifth Massachusetts, will go in at noon, and the Savannah, with the naval Battery of howitzers. I directed Colonel Hartwell, commanding brigade, to send a regiment to destroy the bridge over Owendaw Creek. He has just reported that it has been done. This afternoon I shall move down toward Andersonville. I have requested Captain Ridgely to send the Sonoma up, and, with the Ottawa, make a strong demonstration. This, in connection with the movement of the troops, may induce the enemy to abandon Andersonville, which is somewhat threatened by our present position. Captain Ridgely reports that the enemy mounted two heavier guns yesterday in his works at Andersonville.

From the rebel signal dispatches, intercepted at Morris Island and sent to me by General Schimmelfennig, it is evident that the rebels have been troubled by the demonstration in this quarter. A portion of Conner's brigade, Young's dismounted cavalry, and Parker's battery, were sent up. The signaling to and fro was constant.

I have to acknowledge my obligations to Commander Stanley, U. S. Navy, for the valuable assistance rendered by him with the tugs and launches which had been places under his charge by Admiral Dahlgren.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Mount Pleasant, near Charleston, February 21, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of this command subsequently to the morning of the 18th instant, the date of my last dispatch:

I had intended to march with the whole force on Andersonville in the afternoon of that day, but the armed transport Augusta carrying the Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers got aground and the delay in getting the men ashore in small boats prevented me from carrying out this intention. The Thirty-second U. S. Colored Troops was, however, ordered to Andersonville, which place it reached without opposition. The enemy had abandoned the position. The works here consisted of four detached batteries with rifle-trenches, the whole extending for more than half a mile along the shore of Sewee's Bay. In the evening intelligence was received from Captain Ridgely, commanding the fleet in Bull's Bay, that Charleston had been evacuated on that morning. At sunrise on the 19th I commenced the march toward Charleston with the One hundred and forty-fourth New York Volunteers and FIFTY-fifth Massachusetts. At Andersonville the Thirty-second U. S. Colored Troops joined the column. No enemy was encountered.

