
The last of the retreating force had passed on the previous day, a portion taking the road leading to the ferry across the Wando at Cainboy, while the remainder marched by the road leading northward from the Fifteen-Mile House. A number of negroes with carts laden with household goods were met on the road who very readily turned back with us. About 100 head of cattle were captured which were being driven up the country.

At 7 p. m. the command arrived at the Christ Church lines. These fortifications extend from a creek running into the Wando River to a marsh which borders Copahee Sound, and consists of a strong infantry parapet and ditch with occasional redans, and the Palmetto battery on the extreme right. Seven guns were captured here, with ammunition: two 20-pounder Parrotts, four 32-pounder (old S. B.) rifled, one 10-inch columbiad, and two 10-inch rifled guns near Mount Pleasant. The troops bivouacked at Christ Church. Leaving Colonel Hartwell, Fifty-fifth Massachusetts, in command, I rode on with my staff to Mount Pleasant and crossed the harbor in a small boat, arriving in Charleston at midnight. I called upon General Schimmelfennig and reported my arrival.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., May 23, 1865.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjt. General U. S. Army, Var Dept., Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I forward herewith Brigadier General E. E. Potter's report of his operations against the railroad between Sumterville and Camden, S. C., in April last, together with its accompanying reports of subordinate officers and lists of casualties.

The expedition was, as heretofore reported by me, a complete success, and the manner of its execution reflects great credit upon General Potter, who conducted his delicate operations with equal bravery, discretion, and energy.

I earnestly recommend General Potter to His Excellency the President of the United States for promotion to the brevet of Major-general of volunteers, to date from April 9, 1865, when the general, after severe fighting, reached and occupied Sumterville. His former services during the war have been valuable, and his conduct during General Foster's operations upon the Charleston and Savannah Railroad, in November and December last, merited and received the highest commendation from General Hatch, his immediate, and General Foster, the department commander.

I also have the honor to ask that Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Carmichael, One hundred and fifty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers, and Lieutenant Colonel Nathaniel Haughton, Twenty-fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, be promoted to be colonels of volunteers by brevet, in accordance with General Potter's recommendation as contained as contained in his report.

Lieutenant-Colonel Carmichael's Mills, on April 9, 1865. Lieutenant-Colonel Haughton distinguished himself in the fight at Boykins' Mill, near Camden on April 18. Both officers, with their regiments, are also

65 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

