
specially mentioned for their conduct in the battle near Statesburg. April 19. These officers distinguished themselves during last fall's operations in this department, and are truly brave and efficient soldiers. Trusting that these nominations will receive the approval of the Department and the early action of the President,

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

HILTON HEAD, April 26, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the success of the expedition recently sent out under my command for the purpose of destroying railway rolling-stock between Camden and Florence.

The command marched from Georgetown on the 5th instant and met with no opposition of consequence until Dingle's Mill, near Sumterville, was reached. Here the enemy had collected a force of 700 or 800 men, chiefly local troops, with three guns, and had thrown up some works.

Their position was turned by the One hundred and fifty-seventh New York and a detachment of the Fifty-sixth New York making their way through the swamp to the enemy's rear, charging him and routing him completely, capturing a battle-flag and three guns. The same evening we occupied Sumterville, and the next day destroyed all the railway buildings and machine shops, 4 locomotives, and 20 cars. The railway track was torn up and trestle-work burned for six miles on either side. On the 11th we marched to Manchester and destroyed 8 locomotives and 45 cars. The Wateree trestle was burned and the track torn up toward Camden and toward Sumterville. I was compelled to wait for three days near Manchester while the wounded and contrabands were sent to Wright's Bluff, on the Santee, and rations brought from that place. During this delay the enemy received re-enforcements of two brigades of cavalry under Major-General Young, and was intrenching at Boykins' Mill, eight miles from Camden. On the 15th instant I moved toward Statesburg, driving the enemy back far enough to uncover a road leading to the main road between Sumterville and Camden, and gained the latter road by a night march. From this point we had some skirmishing, but Camden was occupied without opposition. The railroad trains had been moved down below Boykins' Mill on Swift Creek.

We marched to that place on the 18th and found the enemy intrenched on the opposite side of a mill pond and swamp. After several attempts at different points a crossing was at length effected by the One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops, and the rebels at once gave way. The trains moved farther down the road. On the following day, the 19th, we drove the enemy from a similar position at Denkins Mill, on Statesburg, he made another stand, but the Twenty-fifth Ohio and One hundred and fifty-seventh New York charged through water waist-deep and drove him in complete rout. We moved on to Middleton Depot, and there found the railroad trains we were seeking. On the 20th 18 locomotives were destroyed and 200 cars, more than half of them being filled with subsistence, ordinance, and quartermaster's stores and railway machinery. On the 21st we begat moving toward Georgetown by the Santee road, and at noon of that day I received a dispatch by flag of truce from Major-General Young, stating that a truce had been agreed upon on the 19th instant between Generals Johnston and Sherman.

