
Our loss will not exceed eighty. The enemy's loss is very much larger. The troops fought and marched remarkably well.

The results of the expedition may be summed up as follows: Captured, 3 guns, 1 battle-flag, 50 prisoners, and 300 horses and mules; destroyed, 32 locomotives, 250 cars, large quantities of Government stores, all the railway stations, freight houses, and machine-shops between Camden and Maysville, large portions of the railway between those points, and 2. 500 bales of cotton. The number of negroes who followed the column may be estimated at 5. 000.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 27, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, for the information of the War Department.

General potter's conduct of the expedition to Sumterville has been characterized by great energy, skill, and foresight, and has been eminently successful.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., May 25, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Hdqrs. Military Division Of the Mississippi, Alexandria, Va.:

GENERAL: Agreeably to your verbal request, made during your last visit at these headquarters, I forward you herewith an official copy of Brigadier General E. E. Potter's report of operations of an expedition under his command, having for its object the destruction of locomotives and rolling stock collected on the railroad between Sumterville and Camden, S. C.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT,Beaufort, S. C., May 6, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the troops under my command in the recent expedition, having for its object the destruction of the locomotives and rolling-stock collected on the railroad between Sumterville and Camden, S. C.

On the 1st of April I proceeded to Georgetown and took command of the force which had been ordered there. This force consisted of six regiments of infantry, divided into two brigade. The First consisted of the Twenty-fifth and One hundred and seventh Ohio Volunteers, the One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, and a detachment of Fifty-sixth New York Volunteers, under command of Colonel

