
May 1. -Left camp near Neuse River, N. C., and marched via Forestville, Warrenton, Lawrenceburg, and Petersburg, and arrived at Manchester, Va., on the 9th.

May 12. -Left Manchester and marched via Richmond and Hanover Court-House, and arrived near Alexandria, Va., on the 19th; distance, 275 miles.

May 23. -Moved through Alexandria and encamped near the Long Bridge same day; distance, nine miles.

May 24. -Crossed the Potomac; passed in review through Washington City and encamped about four miles out of the city.

Distance marched, 288 miles.

June 1. -Encamped near Washington City.

June 7. -Left Washington via Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

June 10. -Arrived at Parkensburg, W. Va., and embarked on steamers Gilmore, Express, Bertha, and Edinburg for Louisville, Ky.

June 11. -Steamer Express with the Thirty-second Illinois on board struck and sunk; no lives were lost; disembarked the Thirty-second Illinois to the Bertha and America.

June 12. -Arrived at Louisville, Ky. ; disembarked and went into camp about eight miles from the city down the river.

June 14. -Moved camp to about four miles from the city up the river; distance marched, twelve miles.

June 21. -Left camp and embarked on steamers Bertha, Ella, Faber, Cornelia, and Nashville.

June 25. -Arrived at Saint Louis; embarked to the steamers Kate Kinney, Victory, and Isabella, and started up the river.

June 30. -On board steamers en route for Fort Leavenworth, Kans.

Third Brigade, Fourth Division.

January 1 to 6. -The brigade was in camp at Savannah, Ga.

January 6. -Marched to Thunderbolt, five miles, and, embarking on transports, went to Beaufort, S. C., arriving there in the evening.

January 7. -Were in camp two miles from Beaufort until the 10th, when the command moved three miles farther out and remained in camp.

January 13. -Moved three miles farther.

January 14. -Moved on and encountered the enemy at noon, having slight skirmishing with them until night-fall.

January 15. -Moved five miles out and went into camp near Pocotaligo, the enemy having evacuated their position in front of that place on the night of the 14th. Remained in camp until the 29th, the regiments being in position on the different roads in the vicinity of Pocotaligo, and one being a part of the time on duty at the landing on Pocotaligo River.

January 29. -Moved out four miles.

January 30. -Moved four miles to present camp.

Distance marched during the month, thirty-seven miles; distance transported, sixty miles.

February 1. -Left camp near Salkehatchie bridge, S. C., marching via Whippy Swamp.

February 2. -Encamped near Rivers' Bridge, on the east bank of the Salkehatchie.

February 3. -Waded the river, being in water up to the waist for more than a mile, and had a slight skirmish on the other side.

