
to break and scatter in all directions. We then moved on to Middleton Depot, where the locomotives and trains were found; the railroad having been torn up below this place prevented their escape. The following day was spent in thoroughly destroying the locomotives, 18 in number, and in burning the cars, of which there were 176. A large portion of these cars were filled with ordnance stored and railway machinery, also subsistence, naval, and quartermaster's stores.

On the 21st the march was taken up for Georgetown by the way of the Santee River road. At 1 p.m. while the column was halted at Fulton Post-Office, I received a communication by flag of truce from Major-General Young, commanding the force which had been opposed to us, stating that a truce had been agreed upon between Generals Johnston and Sherman, and that notice of forty-eight hours would be given prior to the resumption of hostilities. I answered that my command was moving toward Georgetown, and that it would no longer subsist on the country, except in the matter of forage for animals. At Wright's Bluff I turned over the command to Colonel Brown, commanding First Brigade, and, taking a steamer down the Santee River, proceeded directly to Hilton Head to report to the Major-general commanding.

The results of the expedition may be summed up in the capture of 1 battle-flag, 3 guns, and 65 prisoners, 100 horses and in preparing to advance from New Berne to Goldsborough, and that a strong expedition is moving against the Weldon railroad at Rocky Mount. He says that Little or no assistance can be received from the State of North Carolina; that exemptions and reorganizations under late laws have disbanded the State forces, and that they will not be ready for the field for some time. I do not see how Sherman can make the march anticipated by General Beauregard; but he seems, to have everything his own way, which is calculated to cause apprehension. General Beauregard does not say what he proposes or what he can do. I do not know where his troops are, or on what lines they are moving. His dispatches only give movements of the enemy. He has a difficult task to perform under present circumstances, and one of his best officers (General Hardee) is incapacitated by sickness. I have also heard that his own health is indifferent, though he has never so stated. Should his strength give way there is no one on duty in the department that could replace him, nor have I anyone to send there. General J. E. Johnston is the only officer whom I know who has the confidence of the army and people, and if he was ordered to report to me I would place him there on duty. It is necessary to bring out all our strength, and, I fear, to unite our armies, as separately they do not seem able to make head against the enemy. Everything should be destroyed that cannot be removed out of the reach of Generals Sherman and Schofield. Provisions must be accumulated in Virginia, and every man in all the States must be brought out. I fear it may be necessary to abandon all our cities, and preparation should be made for this contingency. I have the honor to be, your obedient servant, R. E. LEE, General, His Excellency J. C. BRECKINRIDGE, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va. HEADQUARTERS, March 1, 1865. General Johnston reports that Hardee's infantry, without Artillery or wagons, has reached Cheraw. No inforss of Stewart or Cheatham. The enemy has been station.

Division commanders are charged with the promotion and execution of this order.

By order of Major General P. Jos. Osterhaus:

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Savannah, Ga., January 6, 1865.

Colonel D. MILES,

Commanding Third Brigadier, First Div., Fourteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: You will at once move with your brigade to Cherokee Hill, on the road leading to Ebenezer Church (and the same road on which our column marched until within five miles of Savannah), and on arriving there you will relieve a brigade of General Baird's division guarding the stock of the corps grazing in that vicinity. You will probably be relieved to-morrow.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. SMITH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

