
The section of Battery F, Third New York Artillery, beutenant Clark commanding, was efficient, and its guns well served. I have the honor to forward herewith the reports of subordinate commanders, and also lists of the casualties. I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant, EDWARD E. POTTER, Brigadier- General, Commandinq. Maj. W. L. M. BURGER, Assistant Adjutant- General. [Indorsernent.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., May 25, 1865. Res~octfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General U. S. Army, and attentio~ ~sked to my accompanying letter of this date recommending that Brig, en. E. E. Potter, lIT. S. Volunteers, be promoted to be major- general by -wet, for his distinguished and valuable service in the command of tii~ expedition. The within reck mmendations of General Potter, that Lieutenant- Colonel Carmichael, One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volun- teers, and Lieutenant-Colonel Haughton, Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, be promoted to be colonels by brevet, are heartily indorsed. These officers have always shown themselves brave, capable, and efficient, and deserve the promotion asked in their behalf. Q. A. GILLMORE, ]Ift~jor- General, Commanding. ADDENDA. IIDQRS. PROVISIONAL Div., PROVOST.MARSHALS OFFICE Georgetown, S. C., April 29, 1865. LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report as pro- vost-marshal, Provisional Division, during the late expedition: Citizens who took the oath of allegiance to the United States of America~ 10 Prisoners of war taken in action a60 Citizens taken along with the column b3 Union prisoners liberated or escaped to oar lines 14 Cotton destroyed bales - 5, 000 Cotton gins and presses destroyed 100 Corn destroyed bushels 5, 000 Upward of 6,000 contrabands joined our column; were rationed mostly from the country, and were brought within our lines. 1 am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant, FRANK GOODWIN, Capt., Fifty-fifth Mass. Vol. Infantry, Asst. Provost-Marshal. Licut. CHARLES J. BALDWIN, Acting Assistant Adjutant- General. a5 wounded rebel prisoners were left behind. bOf these 1 was suspected of being an enrolling officer, arbd 2 were engineers on the South Carolina Railroad, in Government employ.

