
No. 275. Report of Col. Philip P. Brown, Jr., One ~ and fifty-seventh Yew York Infantry. commanding First Brigade, of operations April 525. HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, PROVISIONAL DIVISION, Georgetown, 8. 0., April 28, 1865. LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the First Brigade in the late expedition to Camden: The regiments composing the brigade were the One hundred and fifty- seventh New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Carmichael commanding; the Tweii ty-fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Lieu- tenant-Colonel ilaughton commanding; the One hundred and seventh Ohio Volunteer Inh~ntry, Lieutenant-Colonel Cooper commanding; two companies of the Fifty-sixth New York Veteran Volunteers, who were attached to the One hundred aiid fifty-seventh New York Volunteers. The brigade left Georgetown at 8 a. m. April 5, 1865, with the rest of the division, no incident of importance occurring until 3.50 p. m. of the 9th, when the skirmishers of the enemy were discovered near Dingles Mills, about two miles from Sumterville. The One hundred and seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, being in advance, were thrown forward on either side of the road, with advanced skirmishers properly supported. To strengthen the skirmish line two companies of the Twenty-fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry were ordered up to the right and left of the skirmishers of the One hundred and seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and the One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers and the detachment of the Fifty-sixth New York Veteran Volunteers were placed in position in line of battle on the left of the road, and the Twenty-fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteer infantry on the right. The enemys skirmishers were quickly driven from their l)osition, and my line advanced as far as the swamp and the pond behind which the enemy were iiitrenched with infantry and three pieces of artillery. As a farther advance in the front of the enemy would necessarily be attended with considerable loss, Lieutenant-Colonel Carmichael was ordered to attempt to cross the swamp on my left and turn the right flank of the enemy, an undertaking of great difficulty on account of the depth of the mud and water and the almost impenetrable growth of underbrush. He, however, succeeded in getting through, but not wait- ing for his whole command to form, with the detachment of the Fifty- sixth New York Veteran Volunteers and one company of the One hun- dred and fifty-seventh New Yorks Volunteers he charged on the enemy, killed the officer commanding the enemys artillery, completely routing the entire force, and captured 2 pieces of artillery and 1 battle-flag. The other two regiments of the brigade were immediately ordered for- ward, and with the cavalry in the advance the pursuit of the retreat- ing enemy commenced. About one mile and a half from Dingles Mill another stand was made by the enemy. Skirmishers were immediately thrown out from the Twenty-fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry on each side of the road and the Twenty-fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry were placed in support on the right and the One hundred and seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry on the left. Two shots from the artillery and a charge by the infantry sooii routed the enemy and scat- tered them in great confusion, and the brigade then entered Sumter- ville without opposition just before dark.

