
The casualties at Dingles Mill were, 2 men killed and 8 wounded (2 of them mortally) in the One hundred and fifty-seventh; 1 man killed and 6 wounded (1 mortally) in the Fifty-sixth New York Veteran Vol- unteers, and 1 man wounded in the One hundred and seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry. The brigade remained in Sumterville till the morning of the 11th. In the afternoon of the 10th instant the Twenty-fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry were sent out two miles and a half on the Man- chester road to cover the return of the cavalry from Manchester Station. returning just before dark. On the 11th the brigade moved to Single- tons plantation, three miles from the Manchester Station, on the road leading from Manchester to Camden, and remained there until 3 p. m. of the 15th. On the night of the 11th the One hundred and seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry was sent to Middleton Station, on the Cam- deti Branch Railroad, to destroy the depot and whatever railroad prop- erty might be found. The work was accomplished, and the regiment returned about 2 a. m. of the 12th. On the 12th instant the One hun- dred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers was sent to Claremont Statioii, on the same road, for a like purpose, which was accomplished. The regiment returned about 7.30 p. in., having skirmished the entire dis- tance with a small force of the enemy, losing one man killed~ On the afternoon of the 15th the Twenty-fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry was sent fbrward in advance, with orders to march to Statesburg and wait for further orders. Advancing about two miles a force of the eiiemny was discovered behind a breast-work, which was successfully charged, with the loss of 1 man killed and 1 officer and 6 men wounded. Advancing a short distance farther the enemy was again discovered in a similar position, upon reporting which Lieutenant-Colonel ilaugh- ton was ordered to await the arrival of the rest of the brigade. Upon reaching the front and ascertaining the position of the enemy I opened with artillery and sent the One hundred and seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry to the left to flank the position. The One hundred and fifty- seventh New York Volunteers was also sent out to the right. The One hundred and seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry succeeded in flank- ing and driving the enemy, with the loss of 2 men wounded. The Twenty fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry was then sent forward, with skirmishers thrown out properly supported, and (Irove the enenmy to Statesbnrg. As the column turned to the right on the Sumter- ville road, about two miles south of Statesburg, Lieutenant-Colonel ilaughton was ordered to maintain a threatening position before the enemy at Statesburg until nightfall and then rejoin the column, cover- ing the rear, which he accomplished without loss. The rest of the brigade continued the march with the column until near midnight, bivouacking about two miles from Providence. The march was continued without obstruction during the 16th, the brigade being in rear of the column, and encamped on Spring Hill. On the 17th the brigade was in the advance and met no enemy until reaching Swift Creek about 9 a. mu., on the opposite side of which a small force of the enemy was found intrenched. Four companies of the Twenty-fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, under Major CuIp, were sent round on the left to flank the position, which was successfully accomplished without loss, the enemy rapidly retreating. No further serious opposition was met, and the brigade reached Camden just before sunset and encamped for the night. On the 18th the march was resumed on the road from Camden to Statesburg, the Second Brigade

