
being in the advance. At Boykins Mill, on Swift Creek, the enemy was discovered in strong force, with infantry, cavalry, and artillery. Upon the reception of orders from the brigadier-general commanding, the One hundred and seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry was sent to the left to attempt a crossing for the purpose of turning the enemys right. Finding it a task of almost insurmoantable difficulty, on account of the depth of the mud and water, the regiment was recalled and sent to the right to re-enforce portion of the Second Brigade that was attempt- ing a flank movement in that direction. The Twenty-fifth Ohio Vet- eran Volunteer Infantry at the same time was moved up to the front near tihe railroad, with orders to charge across the creek on the railroad bridge as soon as it could be done with safety. These orders were sue- cesslully carried out and the enemy again routed, and the brigade con- tinued its march, encamping on IDe Saussures plantation. On the 19th the One hundred and seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry was ordered to follow the track of the railroad, destroying all bridges, culverts, and rolling-stock, and so destroying the track as to prevent the passage of cars over it. The remainder of the brigade resumed the march, hold- iii the advance of the column. Proceeding a short distance the enemy was discovered in line on both sides of the road. The One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers was deployed on both sides of the road and advanced until the enemys artillery opened, when the Twenty-fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry was deployed upon the right in support of the skirmishers of the One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers. The whole force was moved forward, driving the enemy before it to Rafting Creek, behind which they made a stand, from which it was found impracticable to dislodge them in front without considerable loss. The brigade halted here, the skirmishers meanwhile at intervals keeping up a brisk fire until a flanking party from the Second Brigade succeeded in driving the enemy fioni their position. The brigade then moved across the Big Rafting and Little Rafting and halted for rest and dinner. In the afternoou the One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers was placed in line of battle on the right of the road and the Twenty-fifth Ohio Vet- eran Volunteer Infantry on the left and moved forward with a strong line of skirmishers, meeting no serious obstacle until they reached Beech Creek, near Statesburg. Here quite a strong force of the enemy was encountered, but the determined men of the two regiments moved briskly forward and so completely routed the enemy that they made no further serious opposition to the march. The brigade encamped on Singletons plantation. The only loss during the day was two men of the One hundred and fifty-seventh and two of the Twenty-fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry and one of the Fifty-sixth New York Vet- eran Volunteers wounded. The One hundred and seventh continued its march on the track of the railroad, reaching Singletons about 3 a. in. of the 20th. On the morning of the 20th the Twenty-fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Imilantry and One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers went to Middleton Station and destroyed 15 locomotives and 146 cars, return- big about noon. The march was resumed the 21st, no incident of importance occurring before noon, at which time a flag of truce was received announcing a cessation of hostilities. By direction of the brigadier-general commanding, I then took command of the division and conducted it to Georgetown, arriving about 5 p. in. of the 25th instant.

