
In closing the report I wfsh to bear testimony to the gallantry dis- played by the officers and juen of this brigade. They did all that could have been asked and proved themselves worthy the enviable repn- tation which they eluijoy. I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant. P. P. BROWN, JR., Colonel 157th New York Volunteers, Commanding First Brigade. Lient. CHARLES J. BALDWIN, Acting Assistant Adjutant- General, Provisional Division. No. 276. Report of Col. Edward N. Halloweil, Fifty-fourth Massachusetts infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations April 525. HDQES. SECOND BRIGADE, PROVISIONAL DIVISION, Georgetown, S. C., April 26, 1865. I have the honor to report that on the 5th of April, 1865, my brigade, composed of eight companies Thirty-second U. S. Colored Troops, Col. G. W. Baird commanding; Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Voluiiteers, Lieut. Col. II. N. looper commanding, and live companies One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops, Maj. N. Clark commanding, left George- town, S. C., at 8 a. in., on the Sampit or Central road. After marching about three miles in a westerly direction took the road to right toward Black River through heavy pine forests; roads very good. Encamped for night near Johnstons Swamp, about nineteen miles from George- town. On the 6th resumed the march at 6.30 a. in.; country more open and rolling. Marched nineteen miles and camped near Thorntree Swamp. On the 7th started at 6.30 a. in.; general direction north- west; weather good; country still more open. The One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops were detached from main column to destroy the Kingstree bridge across the Black River. They exchanged a few shots with the enemy, but report no casualties. Two companies of Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers were sent to destroy the Epps Bridge. Their casualties were 1 officer (Second Lient. F. E. Rogers) and 3 enlisted men wounded. We camped at Mill Creek after march- ing fifteen miles. On the 7th continued the march at 6.30 a. m. in a westerly direction for about four miles, turned south for about five miles, then northwest to the Suintervihle road. This course was taken in consequence of a report that the bridges were burned on the main road. We marched through Manning and built the bridges across the Pocotaligo Swamp, and at 7 a. m. of the 9th continued the march toward Sumterville. When about three miles from Sumterville we fonnd the enemy intrenched at IDingles Mill, on Turkey Creek. Their force was estimated at 500 men (mostly militia) and three pieces of artillery. We attempted a flank ino~ement on their left, but owing to the incapacity of the guide were obliged to return to the main road, when we found that the First Brigade had opened the road and cap- tured the artillery. We camped at Sumterville about sundown. On the 10th sent the Thirty-second U. S. Colored Troops up the Man- chester and Wilmington road to Maysvihle to destroy a train of cars and the railroad bridges. Sent the One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops about three miles south on same road to destroy bridges. Both detachments were successful, and returned to Sumterville at night. On the 11th started at 6.30 a. in., marching southwest through Manchester and camped at the Singleton plantation on the Statesburg

