
Sent the Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers to Wateree Junction, where they destroyed 8 steam-engines and 50 box-cars; they rejoined the command at daylight on the 12th. Their casualties were: wounded, 1 officer (Second Lient. S. A. Swails) and 2 enlisted men. (hi the 12th the Thirty-second U. S. Colored Troops were sent to Wrights Bluff on the Sautee River, distance about tweuty-five miles, iii charge of contrabands, and with orders to return with rations for the command. At 2 p. m. on the 15th the Thirty-second U. S. Colored Troops returned and at 3 oclock the march was resumed. We skir- mished with the enemy till dark and theu marched in a northeasterly direction till midnight and camped near Jennings Swamp. On the 16th started at 7.30 a. in.; country very rolling; passed Bradford Springs at noon; skirmished all the afternoon, but it did not retard the march; camped at sundown about twelve miles from Camden. On the 17th started at 6 a. in., and marched to Camden without serious opposition, reaching that point at f3p. m. On the 18th left Camden at 7 a. in., taking the Statesburg road; found the enemy in force at Boykins Mill. The Fiftyfonrth Massachusetts Volunteers and One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops succeeded in flanking the enemy oii our right, and the Thirty-second U. S. Colored Troops, aided by the First Brigade, were pushed vigorously forward on the center and drove the enemy from their position. Total casualties in Second Brigade: Killed, 1 officer (First Lieut. E. L. Stevens, Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers) and I enlisted man; wounded, 20 enlisted men. About dark we were joined by Col. II. L. Chipinan, with the right wing of the One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops, he having forced his way through the country from Wrights Bluff with a loss of killed, 1 enlisted man; wounded, 1 officer (Lieutenant Powers) and 5 enlisted men. On the 19th resumed the march at 6 a. in.; skirmished all day- with loss ofkilled, 1 enlisted man; wounded, 4 enlisted men. The enemy made a stand at Rafting Creek, but were soon flanked out of their posi- tion by the One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops and driven in confusion through Statesburg by the whole division. We met with no resistance after leaving Statesburg and camped at Singletons planta- tion. The Thirty-second U. S. Colored Troops marched down the Camden Branch Railroad without much resistance. On the 20th the Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers marched to Middleton Depot and destroyed fifteen steam-engines and a large number of box-cars. On the 21st left Singletons at 5.30 a. in., taking the Santee road. While near Governor Mannings plantation we were notified of an armistice between General Sherman and the rebel General Johnston. The rest of the march to Geom-getown was uninterrupted. We kept on the main road and reached Georgetown at 4 p. in. On the 25th. During the whole march the troops were in perfectly good spirits, and both officers and enlisted men carried out instructions with energy and cheerfulness. Inclosed is a nominal list of the casualties during the expedition.* Very respectfully, your obedient servant, E. N. HALLOWELL, Colonel Fifty-fourth Miassaehusetts Volunteers, Commanding ASeconcl Brigade, Provisional Division. Lient. C. J. BALDWIN, Acting Assistant Adjutant- General. Shows 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men killed, 3 commissioned officers md 30 enhiste(l men wounded, and 1 enlisted man missing.

