
Reports of Lieut. Got. II. Northy Hooper, Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations April 525. CAMP FIFTY-FOURTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS, April 12, 1865. LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to forward the following report of the movement of the Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers to Wateree Junction: Yesterday, a short time after sunset, the regiment reached the junc- tion. I discovered an engine, with steam up, upon the main road. 1 directed a volley to be fired into the cab of the engine, in order to dis- able the engineer in case one should be there, and immediately charged the regiment over the bridge. After the fire the few hands who were with the trains at once fled, and I took possession of 13 cars and 5 locomotives. I immediately sent one party up the Camden railroad, and another on the main road toward Kingsville. Our flanks rested on the swamp. The trestle-work on the Camden road I at once fired; at the same time prepared the bridge on the Wilmington road for burning, and ordered the party on the main road forward to the end of the trestle-work. I had a part of the track taken up bodily and pitched into the swamp; also about fifty sticks of timber, a foot or more square, were set on fire, and a turntable, then in process of construction, burned. Two of the engines, with the train, had steam on, and as com- petent engineers were of opinion that the engine could pull the train Ofl to Manchester, I concluded to return to Manchester on the cars. The regiment was fairly worn out. By 10 oclock three more trains were discovered about three miles up the main road upon the trestle- work. One of these I had burned upon the trestle-work, and the two others joined the train at the junction. After many attempts it was found impossible to reach Manchester by rail, so I had the remaining cars and locomotives burned. There were destroyed by fire 48 cars, one-third and omie-third box cars and 8 locomotives. passenger A quantity of prepared timber, a turntable, a portion of the trestle- work of the main road, a portion of the trestle-work of the Camden road, and the bridge on the Wilmington road. One car contained rail- road rails and another railroad spikes; one was filled with corn and in another were found tools, pulleys, files, etc. I reached camp at 7.30 this morning. I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant, II. NOiRTIIY HOOPER, Lieutenant- Colonel, Comdg. Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Vols. Lieutenant BALDWIN, Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gem, Provisional Dicision. IIDQRS. FIFTY-FOURTH MASSA1I~HUSETTS VOLUNTEERS, Georgetown, S. 0., April 28, 1865. LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers during the late campaign to Camden: On the 7th instant two companies under charge of Captain Tucker made a reconnaissance to Epps Bridge, on the Black River. Captain Tucker reported it destroyed by fire. Casualties, I officer and 2 men wounded. On the 9th the Fifty-fourth composed a part of the flank-

