
ing column in the affair at Dingles Mill. The enemy discovered the movement in tune to make good his escape. On the 11th the regiment left the column and went to Wateree Junction. It there captured 8 locomotives and 48 cars; these were destroyed. Trestle-works on the main and Camden roads and a bridge on the Wilmington road were destroyed by fire. On the 16th 1 man was killed and 1 seriously wounded while foraging. On the 18th the Fifty-fourth was ordered to flank the enemys position on Swift Creek. It proceeded over plowed fields, which were bordered by the woods of the creek, about two miles to Boykins Mills. The banks of the stream at this point were so thickly covered with trees that the enemys position and strength could not be discovered without pushing a skirmish line across the stream. The skirmishers advanced, the column closely following. It was quickly discovered that the enemy was prepared to dispute our passage. There were found to be two streams. They could be crossed above by a dike and 150 yards below by a road that crossed one stream by a bridge, the boards of which were removed; the second stream fordable; fifteen yards beyond the ford, up a steep ascent, was a breast-work of cotton bales. The dike was covered by the fire of the enemy. The dike and the road met and formed a junction on the enemys side of the creek. Satisfied that a crossing could be attained by a severe loss, as affairs then stood, I sent Major Pope to a crossing said to be one-fourth of a mile below the mills. Meanwhile I kept up a fire upon the enemy and opened the gates of the nAIl on our bank of the stream. Major Pope was unsuccessful in effecting a crossing below; he found the enemy there in force. I then asked fov~ a piece of artillery. It was furnished, and after half a dozen discharges of shell at the position of the enemy I had the satisfaction to see qnite a number of rebels rapidly leave our front. A column composed of the five companies under my imme- diate command then charged across the two streams over the dike in single file. Although the enemy maintained his position for awhile, he soon fled. The regiment gained the enemys breast-works and the affair at Boykins Mills was over. Casualties: 1 officer and 1 corporal killed; 13 men wounded, one of whom since died of wounds. Property destroyed by the regiment: At Suinterville, 1 railroad machine shop, 3 locomotives, 15 cars; at Wateree Junction, 8 locomo- tives and 48 cars, portions of 2 trestle-works, 1 bridge, a quantity of railroad material, and a new turntable; at Boykins Mills, 54 bales cotton, 3 bales of corufodder, 1 saw-mill, I grist-mill; at Statesburg, 15 locomotives and 5 cars. I am, sir, very respectfully, your, obedient servant, II. NORTHY HOOPER, Lieutenant- Colonel, Corndg. Fifty-fourth ]Jliassachusetts Vols. Lieutenant BALDWIN, Acting Assistant Adjutant- General. No. 278. Report of Col. Henry L. Chipman, One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops, of operations April 1125. HEADQUARTERS 102D U. S. COLORED TRooPs, Georgetown, S. C., April 28, 1865. LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report: In compliance with orders from General Hatch 1 marched, April 11, 1865, with the right wing of my regiment, from Charleston, S. C., to

