
February 4 and 5. -In camp on the west back of the Salkehatchie near Rivers' Bridge.

February 6 and 7. -Marched; reached Midway on the latter date, and same evening one regiment was sent to burn railroad bridges over the Edisto.

February 8. -Destroyed three miles and a half of railroad.

February 9. -Moved to Binnaker's Bridge.

February 11. -Marched to Orangeburg bridge.

February 12. -Skirmished till the enemy, being flanked, fell back; encamped that night at Orangeburg.

February 13. -Destroyed two miles Columbia railroad, marching to 16th, inclusive.

February 17. -Arrived before and marched into Columbia at night, one regiment having previously crossed the Congaree in a flat-boat and first planted the flag on the old and new capitols.

February 18. -Moved toward Winnsborough, destroying the Charlotte railroad for one mile and a half.

February 20 to 28, inclusive. -On march, via Simpson's Station, Winnsborough, Poplar Springs Post-Office, Liberty Hill, and Patterson's Cross-Roads, to this place, destroying three miles of railroad on the way.

Distance marched, 261 miles. Miles of railroad destroyed, [10].

March 1. -In camp thirteen miles below Cheraw, S. C.

March 3. -Moved to Cheraw.

March 5. -Moved from Cheraw, crossing the Pedde and marching via Bennettsville, Beaver Creek, Floral College, Ralf Swamp, and Big Rockfish Creek.

March 11. -Reached Fayetteville, the mounted forages of the brigade assisting in the capture of the town, driving the enemy across Cape Fear River.

March 13. -Moved forward and marched via South River, Blockersville, Owensville, Beaman's Cross-Roads, and Troublefield's Store; went into position two miles southeast of Bentonville, N. C.

March 20. -Skirmished with the enemy and threw up works.

March 21. -Advanced skirmish and main lines, driving the enemy, with whom a very heavy fire was kept up during the whole day and much of that of that night. Lost 3 men killed, 16 wounded, and 7 missing. Enemy evacuated position and retreated toward Raleigh.

March 22 and 23. -Early in the morning moved toward Goldsborough, arriving there on the 24th and went into camp, where the command has since remained.

In camp at Goldsborough, N. C.

April 10. -The camp moved toward Raleigh; marched through that place.

April 15. -Halted at Jones' Station, North Carolina Railroad.

April 19. -Moved back and encamped near Raleigh.

April 25. -Moved again to near Jones' Station and remained there.

April 27. -Moved again to the camp near Raleigh.

April 29. -Moved to present camp.

Distance marched, 102 miles.

May 1. -Left campo near Powell's Bridge, Neuse River, N. C. ; marched to Richmond, Va., via Petersburg and Manchester, distance 160 miles, arriving on the 9th.

May 12. -Left camp near Richmond; marched to Alexandria, Va., via Fredericksburg, distance 130 miles, arriving on the 19th.

Remained in camp near Alexandria until the 23rd, when we moved to the vicinity of Long Bridge and bivouacked for the night.

