
join General llartwell on the Santee River. Taking the Monks Cor- ners road I arrived with my command at Nelsons Ferry at noon on the 13th instant, having met several detachments of the enemys cav- alry (after leaving Monks Corners), which made slight resistance at first, but skirmishing sharply the forenoon of the 13th instant. On arriving at the ferry I learned from contrabands that General Hart- well had returned to Charleston two days before. I communicated with General Potter, then near Manchester, and received orders froni him the 15th instant to join his command without delay at Statesburg or beyond. I found it impossible to cross at that place, when Lieu- tenant OKane, commanding gun-boat Daffodil, seeii~g my (lifficulty, took my command on board his boat to Wrights Bluff. We were fired upon by guerrilla parties from the bluffs during our passage up the river. Arrived at Wrights Bluff at 8.30 p. in., and marched the next morning (the 16th) for Statesburg; camped for the night at the Man- ning plantation. Arrived at Statesbnrg at noon the 17th, and hearing the enemy were in large force and fortifying at Swift Creek, and that General Potter had marched toward Bradford Springs, I marched in the same direction, following his trail, camping for the night near the Springs. Not knowing the whereabouts of General Potter I deemed it neces- sary to communicate with him. I sent First Lient. Charles L. Barrell* with two orderlies, mounted, with the communication. Lieutenant Barrell, after leaving the camp, met a Confederate colonel and his orderly; by his coolness and bravery succeeded in capturing the orderly, whom he made a guide to conduct him past the Confederate forces into our lines. Brisk skirmishing commenced with the enemys cavalry on the morning of the 18th at different places, who made spir- ited resistance, fighting behind breast-works of rails, which they would not leave until driven from them by my skirmishers. We were hemmed in on every side, but moved steadily forward. My loss during the forenoon was 1 man killed, and 1 officer and 7 men wounded. At 11 a. m. Lieutenant Barrell joined me, accompanied by Major Webster and detachment of his cavalry. They had driven the enemy from my front, and gave information concerning the movements of General Potters forces. Skirmishing with my rear guard was kept up till afternoon. I joined the command of General Potter at 8p. m. at Swift Creek, where my regiment was united. At 9a.m. 19th General Potter ordered me, in command of my regiment and a detachment of the Thirty- second U. S. Colored Troops, to move to the left of the road leading to Statesburg to flank the enemys works, a point which General Potter did not deem practicable to take from the front, which was accom- plished with loss to my regiment of 1 man killed and 2 men wounded, after which nothing of note passed until arriving at this place, when the regiment went into camp inside the intrenchments April 25, 1865. I am, & c., very respectfully, HENRY L. CIILPMAN, Colonel, Commanding Regiment. Second Lieut. CHARLES F. Joy, Acting Assistant Adjutant- General. Awarded a medal of honor.

