
No. 279. Report of Lisut. Edmund C. Clark, Battery F, Third New York Light Artillery, of operations April 525. DETCH. BATTERY F, THIRD NEW YORK ARTILLERY, Georgetown, S. 0., April 28, 1865. SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of detachment ot Battery F, Third New York Artillery, on the late expedition: I lelt Georgetown, S. C., April 5, 1865, with one section of 12- pounder Napoleons, 37 mcii, 28 horses, 360 rounds of ammunition. Were first engaged on the 9th at Dingles Mill, where one gun was in position in the road on our center, the other gun in the open field on our left, which positions were held, with slight change of the gun on the left, through the engagement. Fifty-five rounds of ammunition were expended. After crossing the creek one gun was brought into position near the town of Sumter. Two rounds were fired, amounting to fifty-seven rounds during the day. April 10, took command of one section of 12-pounder howitzers and one 6-pounder iron gun with one caisson. One sergeant, two corporals, twenty-five privates of the Twenty-fifth Ohio Regiment were detailed to work the three guns cal)tured at Dingles Mill. At 12 a. in: fired a salute of fifteen guns from the captured howitzers in honor of the victory gained at Richmond, Petersburg, Va., Mobile and Selma, Ala. April 11, section of Napoleons marched with the right brigade; howitzers and iron gun with the left brigade. April12, the iron gun under Sergeant Troxel was sent to report to Colonel Carmichael, commanding One hun- dred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, then on the Statesburg road. Fired four rounds and broke the trail between the bolts of the trail handles; reported back to Singletons plantation at 8 p. in. April 13, a new gun-trail was put in by the engineer. April 15, the iron gun went forward on the Statesburg road with the Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers; fired five rounds. At 2 p. m. I started with the section of Napoleons in rear of the right regiment of the First Brigade. The section of howitzers under Sergeant Miller marched in the center of the left brigade. Three miles from Singletons plantation I posted the Napoleons on the left of the road and fired twenty-five rounds. At 6 p. m. one howitzer reported to Colonel ilaughton, Twenty-fifth Ohio XTolunteers, as rear guard, the iron gun taking its place in the column. April 16, section of Napoleons marched with the right brigade; how- itzers with the left; the iron gun with the rear guard. April 17, position in column the same as on the 16th. At Swift Creek fired eight rounds from the Napoleons. April 18, was engaged at Swift Creek; one gun in position on the railroad and one on the extreme right. Expended forty-eight rounds with the Napoleous. Two rounds were fired from the howitzer in the rear guard. April 19, were engaged with the Napoleons at Rafting Creek. Expended thirty- three rounds; the section of howitzers and iron guns were with the rear brigade. April 20, one howitzer was engaged on the Statesburg road; fired four rounds. April 21, section of Napoleons were with the right brigade; the section of howitzers and iron gun were with the left brigade. April 22, my command marched in rear of the first regiment of the right brigade and held the same position through the remainder of the march back to Georgetown, reaching here on the afternoon of April 25, 1865. 66 R RYOL XLYII~ PT I

