
During the e4edition I have fired 171 rounds of ammunition from the section of Napoleons; 15 rounds from the captured guns. I have had no casualties in my command. I have lost but one horse; he gave out on the march. I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant, E. C. CLARK, First Lieutenant, Third New York Artillery, Commanding Detachment Battery F. Lient. CHARLES J. BALDWIN, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General. No. 280. Report of Bvt. Brig. Gem. Alfred S. Hartwell, Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations April 515. HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL BRIGADE, No. 8 Meeting Street, Charleston, S. C., April 15, 1865. CAPTAIN: The following is respectfully submitted as the report of the expedition to the Santee River, under my command: In pursuance of orders received from Brig. Gen. John P. Hatch, I caused, on the 5th of April, the Fifty-fourth New York Veteran Volun- teers and Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers to cross from James Island and assemble with a section of the Third New York Artillery at the Four-Mile Tavern on the State road. Starting early on the morning of the 0th instant, I reached Goose Creek at nightfall, and went into bivouac eighteen miles from this city. From this point I sent back for the surplus ammunition. On information from a contra- band that there were from thirty to forty rebel cavalry at a place called Dean Hall I sent, at 5 p. in. two companies to attempt to surprise this party. During the night I was notified that these two companies had been misled by the guide, and were awaiting orders near the Twenty- five Mile House, on the State road. April 7 at 7 a. mu. I started to Mr. Cains, near Black Oak, Santee Canal, some twenty-two miles, sending a detachment to Biggins Bridge, who rejoined the column at night, together with the two companies from the Twenty-five Mile House. Thirty cavalry were in my front, having gone from Dean flaIl around my flank, I sent two companies to deploy and surround the house in which they were reported to be, and surprise them. The emmemy, however, got notice of our approach in season to escape, leaving several blankets and guns, and their supper ready cooked. Mr. Cain had several sons in the rebel army; lie had entertained those who had just gone, and had recently given them a grand dinner; his barn, acci- dentally or by some unknown incendiary, was burned. Marched at 7 a. m. on the 8th of April, and halted at noon in Pine- ville for dinner. Reached Mexico at nightfall, and went into bivouac there. Distance marched, about twenty miles. The people in Pineville implored our protection from the negroes, who were arming themselves and threatening the lives of their masters. Mr. Reno Ravenel requested me to take him with me to save his life. The negroes flocked in from all sides. At Mexico I found that Mr. Mazyck Porcher had made his house the headquarters of the rebels in the vicinity. While I was on his grounds his property was protected, but was burned to

