
the ground immediately on my leaving, I tThnk, by his field hands. April 9, started for Eutaw Creek, thirteen miles distant. Some skir- mishing occurred; but dispersed the enemy with a few shells. From Eutaw Creek I sent two companies to Nelsons Ferry, who sent me word at night that General Potter had gone up the Santee in transports the day before, and that they had burned forty or fifty bales of cotton that night on the opposite shore. During the night a contraband reported to me that General Potter had encountered the enemy at Man- ningsville, and had had a skirmish there. He was advancing, however, to Sumterville. A certain Lieutenant Pettus, commanding sonic rebel cavalry in our vicinity, caine in on a flag of truce at my request. I told this officer that he would not quarter in or near houses, or fire from houses, if lie cared to save them from destruction. I also sent by this officer a iiote to General Ferguson, suggesting the propriety of his recalling his scouts from attempting to coerce the slaves to labor. April 10, sent parties to Vances Ferry and vicinity to gather corn and rice together to feed the contrabands which had congregated together on the march. Marched at 5 p. In., taking the cross-road to the State road. At about 10 l~- in. we encountered twenty-five or thirty rebel cavalry. Shots were exchanged and they disappeared, leaving a gun, some blankets and hats, & c.; bivouacked fifteen miles from starting l)oint at midnight. April 11, marched at daylight down the State road; found that the bridgesover Cypress Swamp were iii bad condition, and was delayed by the falling through of a limber and chest. From this (lelay, and my column being encumbered by the train of refugees, I did not take the Ridgeville road, which was reported very heavy, but marched to the Twenty-five Mile House, and there bivouacked. April 12, marched to Goose Creek, leaving there two companies and the train of refugees. The rest of my command I marched to the Four-Mile Tavern, where they still reInain. The companies left at Goose Creek have since rejoined them there. I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant, A. S. HARTWELL, Col. F~Jty-ftfth Massachusetts Vols., Bvt. Brig. Gen. of Vols. Capt. L. B. PERRY, Asst. Adjt. den., Northern Dist., Department of the South. No. 281. iJie(lals of Honor awarded for distinguished services under resolution of Congress, No. 43, approved July 12, 1862, and section 6 of act of Con- fp-ess approved March 3, 1863. Name. Rank and organization. Date. Awarded for. 1865. Anderson. Peter --- Private, Company B, 31st Wis- Mar. 19 Gallant conduct in saving gun of consin Infantry. Fourteenth Corps from capture at Bentonvilie, N. C. Barrell, Charles L.. First lieutenant, 1024 U. S. Cob Apr. Distinguished bravery near Cam- ored Troops. den, 5. 0. Betts, Charles M -.. Lieutenant-colonel, 15th Penn- Apr. 19 DistinguishedconductnearGreens. sylvania Cavalry. borough, N. C.

