
No. 282. Reports of General Robert F. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Armies of the Confederate States, of operations February 19March 21. HEADQUARTERS, Petersburg, February 19, 1865. SIR: The accounts received to-day from South and North Carolina are unfavorable. General Beauregard reports from Winnsborough that four corps of the enemy are advancing on that place, tearing up the Charlotte railroad, and that they will probably reach Charlotte by the 24th, and before he can concentrate his troops there. He states General Sherman will doubtless move thence on Greensborough. Dan- yule, and Petersburg, or unite with General Schofield at Raleigh or Weldon. General Bragg reports that General Schofield is now preparing to advance from New Berne to Goldsborough, and that a strong expe- dition is moving against the Weldon railroad at Rocky Mount. He says that little or no assistance can be received from the State of North Carolina; that exemptions and reorganizations under late laws have disbanded the State forces, and that they will not be ready for the field for some time. I do not see how Sherman can make the march antici- pated by General Beauregard; but he seems to have everything his own way, which is calculated to cause apprehension. General Beau- regard does not say what he proposes or what he can do. I do not know where his troops are, or on what lines they are moving. His dispatches only give movements of the enemy. He has a difficult task to perform under present circumstances, and one of his best officers (General Hardee) is incapacitated by sickness. I have also heard that his own health is indifferent, though he has never so stated. Should his strength give way there is no one on duty in the depart- ment that could replace him, nor have I anyone to send there. Gen- eral J. E. Johnston is the only officer whom I know who has the confi- dence of the army aud people, and if he was ordered to report to me I would place him there on duty. It is necessary to bring out all our strength, and, I fear, to unite our armies, as separately they do not seem able to make head against the enemy. Everything should be destroyed that cannot be removed out of the reach of Generals Sher- man and Schofield. Provisions must be accumulated in Virginia, and every man in all the States must be brought out. I fear it may be nec- essary to abandon all our cities, and preparation should be made for this contingency. I have the honor to be, your obedient servant, H. E. LEE, General. His Excellency J. C. BRECKINRIDGE, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va. HEADQUARTERS, March 1, 1865. General Johnston reports that Hardees infantry, without artillery or wagons, has reached Cheraw. No information of progress of Stewart or Cheatham. The enemy has been stationary for a few days. Our cavalry on their right think lie is moving upon Florence or Cheraw; that on his left suppose he is advaiicino- on Cheraw or Charlotte. Ti. E. LEE. Hon. J. C. BRECJINImunv. Secretary of War.

