
HEADQUARTERS, March. 3, 1865. (Received 9.45 a. in.) General Johnston reports skirmishing at Cheraw on afternoon of 28th and morning of 1st with Seventeenth Corps; Fifteenth Corps in vicin- ity. Reports from General Hampton indicate a general movement of enemy, but could not understand whether upon Qheraw or Florence. H. E. LEE. General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE. HEADQUARTERS, March 9, 1865. General Bragg reports that he attacked the enemy yesterday four miles in front of Kinston and drove him from his position. He dis- puted the ground obstinately, and took a new line three miles from his first. We captured 3 pieces of artillery and t,50() prisoners. The number of enemys dead and wounded left on the field is large; ours comparatively sipall. The troops behaved most handsomely, and Major-Generals Hill and Hoke exhibited their accustomed zeal and gallantry. R. E. LEE. Hon. J. C. BRECKINRIDGE, Secrctary of War. HEADQUARTERS, March 10, 1865. (Received 7.30 p. in.) General Hampton attacked General Kilpatrick at daylight this morn- ing and drove him from his camp, taking his guns, wagons, many horses, several hundred prisoners, and releasing a great number of onr own men who had been captured. The guns and wagons could not be brought off for want of horses. Many of the enemy were killed and wounded. Our loss not heavy. Lieut. Col. J. S. King, killed; Briga- dier-General Humes, Colonels Hagan and Harrison, and Majors Lewis, Ferguson, and others wounded. H. E. LEE. Hon. J. C. BRECICINRIDGE, Secretary of War. HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES, March 11, 1865. (Received 12 in.) General Bragg reports that enemy in trenched himself in the position to which he was driven on the 8th, and therefore had not been dis- lodged; also that a heavy force was moving from Wilmington on his right and rear, which would oblige him to return. General Hardee reports Shermans army seven miles from Fayetteville, and that he and Hampton would cross Cape Fear River to-night. General Fitz Lee states main force of Sheridan is at Columbia. A small party crossed the James in a fiatboat, but returned. R.E. LEE. Hon. J. C. BRECKINRIDGE, Secretary of War.

