
HEADQUARTERS, March 18, 186.5. (Received 8.45 a. in.) General Johnston reports that on the 16th General Hardee was repeatedly attacked by four divisions of the enemy a few miles south of Averasborough, but always repulsed them. The enemy was reported at night to have crossed Black River to the east at various points with the rest of the army; General ilardee is moving to a point twelve miles from Smithfield. Schofields troops are reported at Kinston repairing railroad. Cheathams amount of rolling-stock only conveys about 500 men a day. R. E. LEE. Hon. J. C. BRECKINRIDGE, Secretary of War. HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES, illarch 21, 1865. (Received 5.30 p. in.) General Vaughn reports this morning that Thomas is at Knoxville; that three regiments and some negro troops are repairing the East Tennessee Railroad, and that enemy have commenced their advance. General J. E. Johnston, at 9.20 a. in., at Bentonville, reports that he is removing his wounded to Smithfield. The enemys intrenched posi- tion and greatly superior numbers, Shermans army being [in] our front, make further offensive movements impracticable. R. E. LEE. Hon. J. C. BRECKINRIDGE, Secretary of War. No. 283. Reports of General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army, of operations Janu ary 29March 6. MONTGOMERY, January 29, 1865. (Received 10.40.) General Hardee reports two columns of enemy moving from Savan- nah on Angnsta. I will leave in the morning for latter place. G. T. BEAUREGARD, General. General S. COOPER, Adjutant and inspector General. AUGUSTA, Pebruar~,i 4, 1865. (Received 4.10.) Telegrams from Generals ilardee and McLaws report enemy crossed Broxtons and Rivers Bridges, over the Salkehatchie, forcing General McLaws back toward Branchville. He was flanked on both sides. Fighting was sharp at Rivers Bridge. General Hardee has made dis- positions to hold railroad as long as possible, bnt says will not be able to hold it much longer. G. T. BEAUREGARD, General. General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector ~~neral.

