
AUGUSTA, February 4, 1865. Reports from Generals Wheeler and Iverson of yesterday indicate that the Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps have passed the Savannah River at Sisters Ferry, but that portions of them are still this side, as Iverson, in a skirmish on the 2d instant, took prisoners from the Sixth [Fourteenth ~?] Corps. Prisoners were taken who claim to belong to the Twenty-third Corps (Schofield). They report one ujyision of that corps present. Sheridan with the Nineteenth reported to have arrived at Savannah, and General Meagher with the stragglers of Shermans army. G. T. BEAUREGARD, General. General S. COOPER, - Adjutant and InSi)eetor General. AUGUSTA, February 8, 1865. (Received 8.40 a. m. 9th.) Enemy cut railroad to Charleston yesterday morning near Blackville. Lees corps is in position on the South Fork of the Edisto, protecting the approaches to Columbia. Head of Cheathams corps arrived here last night. McLaws division is at and about Branchville. I shall leave here to-morrow for Columbia. G. T. BEAUREGARD, General. General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General. COLUMBIA, February 11, 1865. (Received 10.40.) General Hardee reports that the enemy landed yesterday on James Island. Force not developed. General Stevenson was forced back gradually on the 10th to the line of the North Branch of the Edisto, which he now holds. The enemy having marched also in some force against Aiken, Major-General Wheeler marched to that point with his available force. G. T. BEAUREGARD. General S. QOOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General. COLUMBIA, Febrnary 11, 18658 a. rn. I arrived here yesterday evening. General Hardee reports from Charleston, same afternoon, that the enemy crossed the South Branch of the Edisto, at Binnakers Bridge, forcing back General Stevenson to North Branch, where Stevenson is concentrating to oppose him. Gen- ei-al Wheeler reports that General Allen having informed him that the enemy is moving on Augusta, he is going with all his available force to Aiken to meet him. Eimemys gun-boats left Tugaloo yesterday. General Wright repulsed attack on his lines. Enemy crossed iu some force from Dixon, Horse, and Battery Island to James Island yesterday morning. G. T. BEAUREGARD, General. General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector Gen.~al.

