
COLUMBIA, February 12, 1866 (Received 1 p. m. 13th.) General ilardee reports yesterday from Charleston enemy is still in force on James island, but movement believed to be a feint. There is an increase of eighteen steamers off the bar. A barge attack on Bat- tery Simkins was repulsed. General Stevenson reports from Orange- burg to-day that the enemy skii-mished heavily at Shillings Bridge, on the North Branch of the Edisto. He expects to retire to-night on this place or Kingsville. General Wheeler reports from Aiken that Kilpat. rick attacked him yesterday, but was repulsed with loss and pursued five miles beyond that town. G. T. BEAUREGARD, General. General R. E. LEE. COLUMBIA, S. C., February 16, l8652p. m. 1 returned last evening from Charleston. I shall assume command to-day of all farces in South Carolina. The present military situation is thus: Our forces, about 20,000 effective infantry and artillery, more or less demoralized, occupy a circumference of about 240 miles from Charleston to Augusta. The enemy, well organized and disciplined, and flushed with success, numbering nearly double our force, is con- centrated upon one point (Coin mbia) of that circumference. Unless I can concentrate rapidly here, or in my rear, all available troops, the result cannot be long doubtftil. General ilardee still hesitates to abandon Charleston, notwithstanding I have repeatedly urged him to do so, thereby losing several days of vital importance to future opera- tions. G. T. BEAUREGARD. General R. E. LEE, Richmond, Va. COLUMBIA, S. C., February 16, 18652.30 p. m. Enemy commenced shelling city this morning. He is apparently moving up toward Salada River. Our forces occupy south bank of that streani and Congaree. G. T. BEAUREGARD. General R. E. LEE, I?iclimond, Va. COLUMBIA, S. C., February 16, 186564. m. Enemy has forced a passage across the Saluda River above Columbia. I will endeavor to l)revent him from crossing the Broad, but my forces here are so small it is doubtful whether I can prevent it. Columbia will soon have to be evacuated. G. T. BEAUREGARD, General. General R. E. LEE, Richmond, Va. (Copy to General W. J. ilardee.)

