
WHITE OAK, S. C., February 19, 186510 p. rn. (Received 8.30 P. n. 20th.) After close examination, and exerting every means in my power, I find it impossible for the troops now in Charleston to form a junction with me this si(le of Greensborongh. Believing it best, from informa. tion just received from Governor Vance and General Bragg, to trans- port the troops by rail to that point, I have directed General McLaws to move them by rail as rapidly as possible. I am also of the opinion that Cheatham, at Newb erry this morning with 2,000 men, and Stewart, eighteen hours behind him, with 1,200 men, cannot form a junction with me excel)t by moving across via Statesburg and Manchester, and thence by rail to Greeiisborongh. This movement will require some days, owing to difficulties of crossing the Broad and Wateree Rivers. The enemy has advanced to-day to near Winsborough in force, and is still moving along the railroad. keeping between this place and Broad River, thus cutting off Cheatliam and Stewart. G. T. BEAUREGARD, General. General R. E. LEE. CHESTER, S. C., Feruary 20, 1865. General McLaws reports from Monks Corner that Charleston was successfully evacuated on the night of the 17th instant. Enemy reported by General Wheeler to be advancing on this place, being six miles north of Monticello. G. T. BEAUREGARD, General. General R. E. LEE. CHARLOTTE, March 5, 1865. General Hampton reports from near Whites Store at 9 p. m. yester- day that Fourteenth Corps is moving on Wadesborough, and Twentieth Corps on a road to its right. Prisoners say they expect to reach Wades- borough tonight. G. T. BEAUREGARD. General JOHNSTON. CHARLOTTE, March 5, 1865. Three brigades of Stewarts corps left Chesterville to-day. The rest of his and Cheathams will arrive there to-day in time to follow move- ment of [Stevensons corps] from here. G. T. BEAUREGARD. General J. E. JOHNSTON. CHARLOTTE, March 6, 1865. Have just received copy of telegram to you from ilardee, saying he is moving on Greensborough. He has not received instructions of 24th ultimo. He should be recalled at once to Fayetteville or Raleigh. Shall troops from here be sent to Smithfield or Raleigh I G. T. BEAUREGARD. General J. E. JOHNSTON.

