
May 24. -Crossed Long Bridge and passed in review through the city of Washington, D. C., and went into camp at 6 p.m. six miles north of the city.

Whole distance marched during the month, 300 miles.

LEFT WING (ARMY OF GEORGIA). *

[January.]-The Fourteenth Army Corps and Fifty-eight Indiana Volunteers (pontoniers) remained in camp at Savannah until the 20th.

January 1. -The Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, left Savannah and encamped near Hardeeville, S. C. ; First Division remained at Savannah until January 17, when it marched to Purysburg and encamped on the 19th.

January 20. -Marched ten miles toward Springfield, where they were detained by a storm until January 25. They then resumed the march, arriving at Sister's Ferry on the 28th.

January 26. -The First and Third Divisions, Twentieth Army Corps, marched toward Robertsville, S. C., where they encamped January 29 and remained the rest of the month.

January 27. -The Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, left Savannah and marched via Springfield to the vicinity of Sister's Ferry, where it encamped on the 29th, and remained on the 30th and 31st, details from this division being employed with those of the Fourteenth Army Corps in constructing a road on the South Carolina shore.

January 29 and 30. -Remained in camp, high water preventing a crossing of the Savannah River.

January 29. -The pontoon bridge was laid.

[April.]-The army remained at Goldsborough until the 10th, when it commenced its march toward Raleigh, the Twentieth Corps on the left, the Fourteenth by the direct road, both skirmishing continually with the enemy.

April 12. -In the morning the two corps crossed the Neuse River at Smithfield and continued the march to Raleigh, which was entered on the 13th.

April 14. -The Fourteenth Corps moved to a position near Cape Fear River, remaining until the 28th, when it returned to Raleigh, and commenced its march toward Richmond on the 30th.

The Twentieth Corps remained near Raleigh until the 25th, when it moved to Jones' Cross-Roads, returning April 28, and on the 30th proceeded toward Richmond.

The pontoon train moved with the Fourteenth Corps to Smithfield, where two bridges were laid. One half of the train being left temporarily at this point, the other moved with the Fourteenth Corps to Aunt's Ferry, Cape Fear River, where it remained until the departure of the troops for Richmond.

FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS. +

[January.]-The corps remained in camp at Savannah until the 20th.

January 20. -The movement from Savannah was commenced. On account of unfavorable weather the movement intended to be resumed on the 21st was postponed until the 25th.

January 28. -The corps reached Sister's Ferry. The roads where they led through the swamps were very bad and required to be corduroyed

---------------

* Commanded by Major General Henry W. Slocum.

+ Commanded by Byt. Major General Jefferson C. Davis.

---------------

