
 progress of Shermans army might be stopped, otherwise it may unite with that of Schofield. This junction of our forces might be made near Fayetteville. Most respectfully, your obedient servant, J. E. JOHNSTON, General. General R. E. LEE. CHARLOTTE, March 1, 1865. Your letter of 23d February received. Lieutenant-General Hardees infantry, but not his artillery and wagons, has reached Cheraw. The etiemy has been stationary for a few days. Our cavalry on their right think them moving toward Florence or Cheraw; that on their left think they will come this way or go to Cheraw. I have no information of the progress of Stewart and Cheathani. J. E. JOHNSTON. General H. E. LEE. CHARLOTTE, March 1, 1865. GENERAL: I had the honor to receive your letter of the 23d ultimno last night and to acknowledge it by telegraph this morning. The gen- eral views you express strengthen my hopes greatly. Lieutenant-Gen- eral Hampton reported the enemys cavalry about Lancaster yesterday, and the Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps six miles south of that point. He thinks their course probably toward Charlotte, possibly Cheraw. Major-General Butler, writing on the previous day, reports the Fif- teeiith and Seventeenth Corps on the south side of Little Lynchs Creek, and the Fourteenth and Twentieth close in their rear. He thinks the U. S. army moving on Florence, or perhaps Cheraw. The route by Charlotte, Greensborough, and Danville is very difficult now,~s you remark. It would also leave your army exactly between those of General Grant and General Sherman. It seems to me, therefore, that he, General Sherman, onght not to take it. His junction with General Schofield is also an object important enough, I should think, to induce him to keep more to the east. Such a course would also render his junction with General Grant easier. I dont know how we can remove or destroy all kinds of supplies on the enemys route. We are compelled to leave in the houses of the inhabitants the food necessary for their subsistence, but the U. S. officers feel no such obligation. The route by which Stewarts and Cheathams corps are expected lies west of the railroad through Chester. I am anxious to unite them with Hardees troops, if possible, before auiy movement by the latter. These forces united may impede the march of the Federal army, and even find opportunities to strike heavy blows, or at least prevent it from gathering food. Wonld it be possible to hold Rich- mond itself with half your army, while the other half joined us near Itoanoke to crush Sherman? We might then turn upon Grant. Would it not be well to instruct General Bragg to keep inc advised of his movements? I shall inform him of mine and those of the enemy near me. Most respectfully, your obedient servant, J. E. JOHNSTON, General. General H. E. LEE,

