
you to inform me of everything in your affairs which is connected with my operations, such as may be dependent on them, that I may do my utmost to aid you. I shall also be grateftul for any instructions you may have time to give me. I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant, J. E. JOHNSTON, General. General IR. B. LEE, General-in- Chief HEADQUARTERS, SMITHFIELD, March 17, 186510.30 a. m. General Hardee was yesterday five miles south of Averasborough. He was repeatedly attacked during the day by four divisions of the enemy, but always repulsed him. The enemy was reported at night to have crossed Black River to the east at various points with the rest of the army. General Hardee is moving to a point twelve miles from Smithfield. Schofields troops are reported at Kinston, repairing the railroad bridge. Cheathams corps not yet up. This railroad, with its enormous amount of rolling-stock, has brought us only about 500 men a day. J. B. JOHNSTON. General R. E. LEE. SMITHFIELD, March 18, 1865. The troops will bc united to-day, except two divisions of Cheathams corps not yet arrived. Effective totals, infantry and artillery: Bragg, 6,500; Thtrdee, 7,500; Army of Tennessee, 4,000. Should Sherman move by Weldon would you prefer my turning to Clarksvillel Lieu- tenant-General Hardees loss on 16th was 450. Prisoners taken the next day report the enemys about 3,300. J. B. JOHNSTON. General li. E. LEE. BENTONVILLE, Al arch 20, 1865. Our cavalry reporting that the Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps were moving by the Averasborough and Goldsborough road, and the Fifteenth and Seventeenth by that from Fayetteville, I concentrated our troops here yesterday morning and attacked the enemy about 3 p. in.; routed him, capturing three guns; but a mile in rear he rallied upon fresh troops. We were able to press all back slowly until 6, when receiving fresh troops, apparently, he attempted the offensive, which we resisted ~vithout difficulty until dark. This morning he is intrenched. Our loss was small. The troops behaved extremely well. Dense thickets prevented rapid operations. J. B. JOHNSTON. Genem-al B. B. LEE.

