
before the transportation could be got over them. Since the 28th heavy working parties have been kept at work preparing the road on the Carolina side for crossing; high water, though, preventing any movement.

February 1 to 5. -The corps lay in camp near Sister's Ferry on the south side of Savannah River, when it crossed to the South Carolina side.

February 6. -First Division moved toward Lawtonville.

February 7. -The Third Division moved to Brigton.

February 8. -Second Division followed, from which point [Brighton] the corps train was sent in charge of First Division on Lawtonville road. The Second and Third Divisions moved in the direction of Ingraham.

February 9. -Continued the march.

February 10. -Crossed the Salkehatchie River and entered Barnwell, where the corps was joined by the First Division.

February 12. -Struck the Augusta and Charleston Railroad, First and Third Divisions tearing up twelve miles of track.

February 14. -Crossed the North and South Forks of the Edisto.

February 15. -Crossed Congaree and Beaver Dam Creeks', the advance of the corps entering Lexington, through which the corps marched on the 16th.

February 17. -Crossed the Saluda River on pontoon and arrived at Freshly's Ferry, on Broad River.

February 19. -Crossed river, when a considerable distance of the Greenville and Columbia Railroad was destroyed.

February 21. -Crossed Little River and passed within one mile of Winnsborough.

February 22. -Corps destroyed about sixteen miles of Charlotte and South Carolina Railroad.

February 23. -Reached south side of Catawba River, which was so swollen by the heavy rains as to break the pontoon bridge. The bridge was again laid farther down the stream.

February 28. -The corps succeeded with difficulty in getting over.

March 1. -The corps marched from Catawba River over roads almost impassable toward Fayetteville, which was reached on the 11th.

March 12 and 13. -The First and Second Divisions crossed Cape Fear River.

March 15. -Moved in direction of Averasborough. The Third Division was left to guard the corps trains on a central road.

March 16. -Took part in the fight at Black Creek, in which the Second Division lost 110 killed and wounded.

March 19. -Encountered the enemy in force near Bentonville and heavy fighting ensued, in which the corps lost during the day 882 killed, wounded, and missing. With his whole available force massed in our front the enemy attempted to crush the Left Wing of the army before it could be re-enforced by the other corps. His attacks were most persistent and impetuous, but every attempt was foiled and the corps held its position until the next day, when re-enforced by the remainder of the army.

March 22. -The march was resumed.

March 23. -Entered Goldsborough. The corps went into camp on the northwest side of town, where it has remained the balance of the month.

[April.]-The corps lay in camp near Goldsborough, N. C., until the 10th.

April 10. -It stated with the rest of the army toward Raleigh, N. C.

April 11. -Passed through Smithfield.

