
April 12. -Crossed Neuse River.

April 13. -Entered Raleigh, skirmishing each day of the march with the enemy's cavalry.

April 14. -Moved out toward Cape Fear River, and remained in camp in this vicinity with slight variations of position until the 28th.

April 28. -The corps moved back near Raleigh, where it remained until the 30th.

April 30. -It commenced the march toward Richmond, Va.

May 1. -Corps having moved out from the vicinity of Raleigh, N. C., on April 30, the whole corps finally got under way for Richmond, bridging the Neuse, Roanoke, and Appomattox, besides several lesser streams.

May 7. -The whole corps encamped near Manchester, Va., opposite Richmond, having marched a distance varying from 177 to 190 miles in seven days.

May 11. -Marched through Richmond.

May 19. -Encamped near Alexandria, Va., opposite Washington.

May 24. -The corps, with Sherman's army, was reviewed by the President, the Secretary of War, and the Lieutenant-General in the streets of Washington.

May 25. -Moved to camp near the Soldiers' Home, and there remained until the close of the month.

Corps still lying in camp near Washington.

June 7. -A temporary division was organized from regiments transferred from the Twentieth Corps.

June 10. -The corps commenced embarking for Louisville, Ky. -by rail to Parkersburg, W. Va. ; thence by steamer to Louisville.

June 20. -The last of the corps arrived at Louisville, Ky., and went into camp near that place on the Bardstown pike, and there remained during the month.

First Division.

[January.]-No important charges during the month except the commencement of the present campaign.

January 20. -Left camp at Savannah, and at date of report [January 31] this command rests at Sister's Ferry, Ga., sixty miles by river from our starting point.

February 5. -Crossed the Savannah River at Sister's Ferry. Continued the march daily through South Carolina, crossing the South and North Edisto, the Saluda, Broad, and Catawba Rivers during the month.

March 1. -Moved from Catawba River, S. C. ; continued march with the corps via Hanging Rock and Mount Croghan.

March 6 and 7. -Crossed Little Pedee River.

March 8. -Crossed Drowing Creek.

March 11. -Reached Fayetteville, N. C.

March 15. -Crossed Cape Fear River.

March 16. -Took part in the fight with First Brigade.

March 19. -Whole division engaged; loss 433.

March 23. -Crossed Neuse River and encamped at Goldsborough same day.

March 28. -Brigadier General W. P. Carlin received leave of absence for thirty days on surgeon's certificate. Byt. Brigadier General G. P. Buell, commanding Second Brigade, assumed command same day.

April 3. -Brigadier General C. C. Walcutt assumed command of First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

