
April 8. -Moved from Goldsborough.

April 12. -Reached Smithfield.

April 13. -Marched into Raleigh (first infantry in place).

April 14 and 15. -First Brigade (provost guard) moved to Cape Fear River.

April 29. -Left Cape Fear River en route for Richmond.

May 1. -Continued the march toward Richmond, crossing the Tar River.

May 2. -Reached Roanoke River at Taylor's Ford; crossed river.

May 3. -Crossed Middle and North Meherrin Rivers, and reached and crossed Nottoway River.

May 6. -Crossed Appomattox early.

May 7. -Reached south side of James River, one mile from Manchester and in sight of Richmond, having made the march from Raleigh to Richmond inside of seven days.

May 11. -Passed through Richmond en route for Washington; were not received. Crossed Pamunkey under adverse circumstances-high flood.

May 15. -Passed in vicinity of Wilderness battle-field.

May 16. -Crossed the Rapidan.

May 17. -Crossed the Rappahannock.

May 18. -Crossed Cedar Run.

May 19. -Reached camp of division near Alexandria. Troops encamped near fortifications three miles and a half from Alexandria.

May 24. -Grand review of this army.

May 26. -Moved to new camp on New York avenue road, near Washington, D. C.

May 30. -Still in same position.

June 9. -Division left Washington, D. C., en route for Louisville, Ky.

June 15. -Arrived in Louisville and encamped four miles from the city on Bear Grass Creek, and remained there at date [June 30].

First Brigade, First Division.

[June.]-This command remained in camp at Washington, D. C., until the 9th.

June 9. -It broke camp and embarked on board the cars for Parkersburg, W. Va.

June 11. -Arrived.

June 12. -Embarked on board of transports for Louisville, Ky., which point it reached on the 14th, and encamped some five miles from the city, where it has since remained doing camp duty.

Second Brigade, First Division.

January 17. -Bvt. Brigadier General George P. Buell assumed command of the Second Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 10, dated headquarters First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, Savannah, Ga.

January 20. -The brigade left Savannah, taking the Louisville road; marched six miles and three-quarters. On account of rains which had fallen for twenty-four hours, rendering the roads almost impassable, the march was delayed until the 25th instant, when it was again resumed. During the day's march the Louisville road was left and the march continued on a road running diagonally across the Augusta road; marched fourteen miles.

