
January 26. -The march was delayed by the bad condition of the road, which was corduroyed for several miles; marched eight miles, encamping one mile from Springfield.

January 27. -Entered Springfield and encamped for the night.

January 28. -Left Springfield at 12 m. ; marched nine miles, crossing Ebenezer Creek, and encamped near Sister's Ferry, where the command yet [January 31] remains.

February 1. -Found the brigade at Sister's Ferry, where it remained until the morning of the 5th, awaiting the construction of roads on opposite side of Savannah River.

February 5. -Crossed the Savannah into South Carolina, encamping at upper landing, three miles above the ferry.

February 6. -Moved over a wide swamp and through the small village of Robertsville, encamping at forks of Augusta and Orangeburg roads, making only eight miles.

February 7. -Reached Lawtonville, nineteen miles and a half from the ferry, the pioneers continually removing fallen timber placed in the roads by the enemy.

February 8. -Lay at Lawtonville all day.

February 9, 10, and 11. -Made rapid marches, reaching Barnwell the 11th, making fifty miles in the time.

February 12. -Struck Charleston and Augusta Railroad and tore up some two miles of track.

February 13. -Marched toward Columbia, crossing South Fork of Edisto River.

February 14. -Made eighteen miles, crossing North Fork of Edisto River at noon, marching in a very cold storm all the p.m.

February 15. -Marched early on the Water's Ferry road; passed Clark's Mills; took the Lexington road at noon, and reached that place at 10 p.m. after a fatiguing march, with brisk skirmishing the whole distance.

February 16. -Went within four miles of Columbia, the capital of the State; then countermarched three miles; crossed the Saluda River and encamped.

February 17. -Marched fourteen miles to Rockville Post-Office.

February 18. -Lay in camp all day.

February 19. -Crossed Broad River and advanced twelve miles on the Monticello road.

February 20 and 21. -Marched on Winnsborough road and passed the town the 21st.

February 22. -Marched up Columbia railroad and tore up track at Black Stocks.

February 23. -Got within three miles of Catawba River.

The balance of the month was consumed in reaching the opposite back of the river, which was effected with great difficulty. The brigade will march toward Hanging Rock to-day [February 28].

March 1. -Brigade left Catawba River; moved fifteen miles, mostly over corduroy, with the division and corps.

March 2. -Passed Hanging Rock I forenoon; had pontoon train in charge; roads and weather bad; made ten miles.

March 3. -Moved at 6 a.m. ; Lynch's Creek was crossed at 4 p.m. ; enemy's cavalry made an unsuccessful attempt to capture pontoon train; encamped at 12 p.m. ; marched twenty-one miles.

March 4. -Made a forced march of twenty miles, crossing State line into North Carolina.

