
March 5. -Moved thirteen miles, reaching Great Pedee River at noon.

March 6. -The general commanding laid the pontoon bridge under circumstances of great difficulty.

March 7. -Crossed the Great Pedee into Richmond County and advanced over good roads twenty miles.

March 8. -Marched over pine barrens, nearly uninhabited, twenty miles, and reached Blount's Bridge, on Lumber River.

March 9. -Moved on Fayetteville plank road, destroying large quantities of resin; repaired several bridges.

March 10. -Moved only seven miles, constructing roads most of the way; assisted Kilpatrick's cavalry.

March 11. -Marched thirteen miles, entering Fayetteville in the afternoon with the balance of division and corps.

March 12, 13, and 14. -Remained in the vicinity of Fayetteville, preparing for a farther advance.

March 15. -Marched on Goldsborough road in rear of Twentieth Corps; weather bad; made ten miles.

March 16. -Our advance forces met and repulsed a large body of the enemy intrenched at Black River. This brigade arrived in time to render material assistance.

March 17. -The difficult task of constructing a bridge over Black River was accomplished by this brigade alone; made five miles.

March 18. -Crossed Mingo Creek and advanced thirteen miles. The enemy troublesome on our left and front.

March 19. -The battle of Bentonville was fought and continued on the 20th and 21st. This brigade was the first upon the field; fought well and suffered severely, losing nearly 200 killed, wounded, and missing.

March 22. -Advanced to Cox's Bridge.

March 23. -Crossed the Neuse River and reached this point (Goldsborough), where the command is still [March 31] encamped.

Third Brigade, First Division.

[January.]-At the beginning of the month were lying in camp doing regular garrison and picket duty.

January 6. -The brigade marched to Cherokee Hill, on the Augusta road, to guard the corps stock.

January 8. -Returned to the old camp.

January 20. -In the morning broke camp and marched about seven miles from the city on the Louisville road, where the brigade encamped until the 25th.

January 25. -The line of march was again resumed in the direction of Sister's Ferry, on the Savannah River, passing though Springfield, Ga.

January 29. -Arrived at the ferry, where were remained the balance of the month. Distance marched during the month, sixty-one miles.

February 1. -The command was in camp at Sister's Ferry, Ga.

February 5. -Crossed the ferry.

February 6. -Marched northward, via Robertsville and Barnwell, and came to Augusta and Charleston Railroad at White Pond Post-Office, and tore up the railroad from White Pond Post-Office to Windsor and came back to White Pond Post-Office to encamp.

February 13. -Crossed South Branch of Edisto River.

February 14. -Crossed North Branch of Edisto River.

