
February 15. -Marched to Lexington Court-House, skirmishing all day with the enemy's cavalry.

February 16. -Crossed the Saluda River.

February 17. -Marched to Rockville Post-Office.

February 19. -Crossed Broad River.

February 20. -Marched to Ebenezer Church.

February 21. -Marched through Winnsborough.

February 22. -Marched to Black Stocks, on Columbia and Charlotte Railroad, and tore up railroad to Youngsville, and marched back and encamped near Black Stocks.

February 23. -Marched to within a short distance of Catawba River, where it remained until the 28th.

February 28. -We crossed the Catawba River.

Distance marched during the month, 224 miles.

March 1. -The brigade moved in the direction of May's Store, where it arrived on the night of the 4th and entered the State of North Carolina.

March 6. -Crossed the Great Pedee and marched toward Fayetteville, which point it reached on the 11th and remained until the 13th.

March 13. -We crossed the Cape Fear River and moved in the direction of Raleigh.

March 16. -The brigade lay in reserve to support the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, which was engaged with the enemy.

March 17. -Resumed the march; crossed Black Creek, marching on the main Goldsborough road.

March 19. -The brigade was engaged with the enemy, and lost 1 commissioned officer killed and 9 wounded, and 97 enlisted men killed and wounded. Remained in line of battle until the 22d.

March 22. -It was ascertained that the enemy had retreated. We resumed the line of march to Goldsborough.

March 23. -We arrived and went into camp, doing regular camp and picket duty.

Distance marched during the month, 188 miles.

[April.]-Brigade remained in camp at Goldsborough, N. C., doing camp and picket duty until the 10th.

April 10. -It marched with the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, in the direction of Raleigh, N. C.

April 13. -Arrived there.

April 14. -Resumed the line of march in the direction of Martha's Vineyard, N. C.

April 15. -Arrived there. Remained at this point until the 28th.

April 28. -Marched to Morrisville Station, N. C.

Distance marched during the month, 138 miles.

May 1. -The command marched and encamped at Oxford, N. C.

May 2. -Marched into Virginia in the direction of Richmond. Were encamped at this point until the 11th.

May 11. -We again resumed the line of march, crossing the James River and marching through Richmond in the direction of Alexandria, Va.

May 19. -Command reached there and went into camp outside of the fortifications.

May 24. -The command marched in review through the streets of Washington.

May 26. -In the morning the command broke camp and passed through Washington to its camp on the northeast side of the city, where it has since been encamped, doing camp and garrison duty.

Distance marched during the month, 376 miles.

