
May 1. -The brigade marched from Morrisville, N. C. ; crossed Neuse River same day.

May 2. -Crossed Tar River.

May 4. -Crossed Roanoke River.

May 5. -Crossed Meherrin, Nottoway, and Little Nottoway Rivers.

May 6. -Crossed Appomattox River.

May 7. -Arrived near Manchester, Va., having marched a distance of 169 miles. Lay in camp till May 11.

May 11. -The brigade marched, passing through Manchester, crossing James River through Richmond, and crossing Chickahominy Creek same day.

May 12. -Crossed Pamunkey River.

May 15. -Crossed the Rapidan at Raccoon Ford.

May 16. -Crossed the Rappahannock at Kelly's Ford.

May 17. -Crossed Bull Run and encamped on the old battle-ground.

May 19. -Arrived near Alexandria, having marched a distance of 152 miles. Lay in camp.

May 24. -Passed in review in Washington City.

May 25. -The brigade moved through the city of Washington and encamped near Bunker Hill, a distance of eight miles. The brigade lay in camp until May 31.

June 1. -Brigade was in Washington, D. C.

June 13. -Brigade moved to depot and embarked on cars of Baltimore and Ohio Railroad for Parkersburg.

June 16. -The brigade arrived there. Embarked immediately on transports bound for Louisville, where the brigade arrived on the 18th. Marched immediately to camp, three miles from the city on Bardstown pike.

June 20. -Changed to grounds nearer to the city.

June 23. -Brigadier General William Vandever received a promotion to brevet major-general, and in the absence of Brevet Major-General Morgan assumed command of the division, leaving the brigade under command of Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Grummond, Fourteenth Michigan Veteran Volunteers.

Third Brigade, Second Division.

January 1. -Found this brigade in camp on the outskirts of the city of Savannah, doing nothing but the regular routine of camp duties.

January 13. -The command was moved into the city, where it remained in camp until ordered away with the rest of the corps to Sister's Ferry, on the Savannah River, thirty miles from the city, where it now [January 31] is in camp.

Nothing unusual has occurred during the month.

February 1. -Found this command at Sister's Ferry, Ga.

February 6. -Crossed the Savannah River and pushed forward to Barnwell Court-House; from there to Columbia, and from there to near Winnsborough, destroying the Charlotte and South Carolina Railroad.

February 28. -Crossed the Catawba.

The brigade had no engagement whatever with the enemy during the month, but had severe marching to do over roads rendered almost impassable by heavy rains.

March 1. -Found this brigade on the north bank of the Catawba River. The weather was very inclement and roads almost impassable. We moved to Fayetteville, N. C., where were remained three days; crossed the Cape Fear River and moved in the direction of Bentonville.

8 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I.

