
March 16. -Found the enemy there in some force and the brigade was heavily engaged, losing several officers and enlisted men. The enemy retreated during the night, leaving his dead and wounded in our hands.

March 19, 20, and 21. -The brigade had an engagement with the rebels twenty-two miles from Goldsborough. In this engagement the rebels met with heavy loss; retreated in the night, leaving their wounded, dead, and prisoners in our hands. We immediately pushed forward to Goldsborough, which place we reached on the 23rd, where we are now in camp doing the usual routine of camp duties.

April 1. -Found this brigade at Goldsborough.

April 10. -Started on the campaign which resulted in the surrender of the rebel army under Joe Johnston, at which time the brigade was encamped on the banks of the Cape Fear River. Leaving its encampment it moved back to Morrisville Station, whence it started on the road to Richmond.

May 1. -Found this brigade at Morrisville, N. C., from where it started on the road to Richmond, Va.

May 6 [7]. -It reached that place and went into camp about four miles from the city, where it remained until the 11th.

May 11. -It started on the march for Washington.

May 18 [19]. -It arrived in the suburbs of Alexandria, where it remained until after review, when it moved across the river through Washington to its new camp, two miles and a half from the city, where it is at present [May 31] awaiting muster out of the service.

Third Division.

January 1 to 20. -Division lay in camp at the junction of the Louisville and Augusta roads, about one mile from the city of Savannah, engaged daily in brigade and regiment drills, besides furnishing large fatigue parties for work upon the new fortifications of the city.

January 20. -Division moved at 7 a.m., and taking the Augusta road marched eight miles and went into camp at noon near Saint Augustine Creek and in the vicinity of the ground occupied by the division on December 11 and 12, 1864. Owing to the unfavorable weather and the wretched condition of the roads, the march was arrested at this point, and the division remained in camp during January 21, 22, 23, and 24.

January 25. -Crossed Saint Augustine Creek; continued the march eight miles on the Augusta road, then bore to the left on the Middle Ground road, and after marching one miles found the way so obstructed by felled trees as to be unable to proceed.

January 26. -Moved at 7. 30 a.m., taking the Springfield road and meeting with obstructions at every mile of the march. Notwithstanding, the division marched ten miles. Arrived at Springfield at 2. 30 p.m., and here joined the other two divisions of the corps.

January 27. -At 3 p.m. marched in rear of Second Division, being again delayed by the difficulty of crossing the runs two miles from town; encamped near the ford and commenced crossing the next morning.

January 28. -Arrived at Sister's Ferry at 3 p.m., and went into camp still occupied (February 1).

February 1 to 5. -The division remained encamped on south side of Savannah River near Sister's Ferry.

February 5. -Crossed the river on pontoons at 10. 30 a.m. and encamped two miles from the ferry, where the division remained until the 7th.

