
February 7. -Reached Brighton after a difficult march through a swampy country and over very bad roads.

February 8. -Moved in the direction of Ingraham, division trains following First Division on the Lawtonville road; crossed Big and Little Pipe Creeks; marched twelve miles and encamped on plantation of Mr. Bostick.

February 9. -Marched sixteen miles; crossed Dry Gall, King's Creek, Widow's Branch, and Brier Creek, and went into camp on plantation of Mr. Minn, twenty-two miles from Barnwell.

February 10. -Crossing Boggy Gut Creek and Salkehatchie River, entered town of Barn well.

February 11. -At noon marched from Barnwell, taking White Pond road, and encamped two miles from Williston on plantation of Mr. Weatherby.

February 12. -Struck the railroad two miles from Johnson's; destroyed thoroughly four miles of track and encamped at Twenty-seven Mile Post.

February 13. -Continued destruction of railroad; marched toward Davis' Bridge, over North [South] Fork of Edisto River, and encamped at Pono Branch, one mile from Davis' Bridge.

February 14. -Crossed South Fork of Edisto; marched sixteen miles; crossed North Fork and went into camp on river-bank.

February 15. -Crossed Congree and Beaver Dan Creeks and encamped at Red Branch.

February 16. -Crossed Twelve-Mile Creek; entered Lexington at 10 a.m. ; marched four miles beyond and encamped again at Twelve-Mile Creek.

February 17. -Crossed the Saluda at noon on pontoon bridge and encamped seven miles from the river.

February 18. -Arrived at Freshly's Ferry, on Broad River.

February 19. -Crossed Broad River on pontoon bridge. Arrived at Alston Station, on the Greenville and Columbia Railroad, at 4 p.m. Destroyed two miles of track.

February 20. -Encamped on plantation of Mr. A. Johnston, one mile and a half from Little River.

February 21. -Crossed Little River and Johnston's Creek; passed within one mile of Winnsborough and encamped three miles beyond the town, near the Charlottesville and South Carolina Railroad.

February 22. -Marched along the Charlottesville and South Carolina Railroad to Youngsville and destroyed six miles of track, commencing at the Forty-six Mile Post.

February 23. -Passed through Gladden's Grove Post-Office and went into camp near the Wateree, having marched twelve miles.

February 24, 25, and 26. -Division remained in camp on the south side of the Wateree, the rise in the river caused by the late heavy rains having broken the bridge. After much delay and difficulty in repairing the bridge the division commenced crossing at 11 p.m. at Kingsbury Ferry on the 27th.

February 28. -Encamped during the day and night on the north bank of the river.

March 1. -Starting from our camp at Catawba River, marched twelve miles through roads unfathomable in depth, and encamped at Ingraham's Mills, near Hanging Rock.

March 2. -Crossing Little Lynch's, Lick, and Flat Creeks, marched fifteen miles.

