
March 3. -Passing Lynch's and Mill Creeks, marched sixteen miles, and encamped at Edgeworth's Mills, having lost during the day quite a number of men picked up the rebel cavalry, which made its appearance once for the first time since crossing the Catawba River.

March 4. -Passing over Johnson's and Cedar Creeks and crossing the State line about noon, encamped after a march of fifteen miles.

March 5. -At noon arrived at Pedee; remained in camp till noon of the 7th.

March 7. -The division crossed and moved out ten miles on the Rockingham road.

March 8. -Marching twenty miles, reached Lumber River.

March 9. -Crossed it in the morning and marched twenty miles on the Fayetteville plank road; encamped at Puppy Creek.

March 10. -Marched but five miles, and at noon encamped at Rockfish Creek, throwing one brigade forward to Bone Creek, two miles in advance.

March 11. -Struck the rebels at Beaver Creek, six miles from Fayetteville; drove them from their position and entered the town at 9 a.m. General Baird having been placed in command of the town the division remained encamped in the suburbs till the night of the 15th.

March 15. -It crossed the Cape Fear, being the rear guard of the army, and took up the pontoon bridge.

March 16 to 19. -The corps trains having been assigned to the care of the division, it followed in rear of the Twentieth Corps trains on the direct road to Cox's Bridge, crossing South River, Big and Little Cohera, and branches of Seven-Mile Creek.

March 20. -At 5 a.m. received orders to join the corps near Bentonville, leaving one brigade in charge of the trains. After a march of five miles arrived at the battle-field of the 19th. Made a reconnaissance to the front and had sharp skirmishing with the enemy.

March 21. -Remained in camp.

March 22. -Taking road to Cox's Bridge, marched ten miles and encamped at 10 p.m.

March 23. -Crossed Neuse River and marched to Goldsborough. Here the division still remains in camp (March 31).

April 1. -Division still encamped one mile from Goldsborough, near the railroad running from the latter place to Raleigh.

April 4. -Division reviewed by Major-General Schofield, Slocum, and Davis.

April 8. -Brigadier General G. S. Greene reported to General Baird and assumed command of Third Brigade of this division.

April 10. -At 6 a.m. division commenced the march toward Raleigh, Second Division in advance and First Division in rear; took direct road to Smithfield and encamped on Moccasin Creek after a march of twelve miles.

April 11. -Moved out at 5 a.m., passing through Second Division, and took the advance, skirmishing all day with the enemy's cavalry, driving them steadily toward Smithfield; entered the town at noon, the enemy retreating through the place and burning the bridge across the Neuse River.

April 12. -At 5 a.m. crossed the Neuse, taking the road to Raleigh via Gulley's Station; skirmished with the rebel cavalry and arrived at midday at Gulley's, where the division went into camp. Soon after our arrival at Gulley's a flag of truce made its appearance opposite our skirmish line, but was withdrawn before any communication was held.

