
April 13. -At 5. 30 a.m. march was continued, the First Division taking the advance, and at noon entered Raleigh, passing in review before Brevet Major-General Davis, commanding the corps; encamped near the insane asylum, half a mile from the city.

April 14. -Division in change of the trains of the corps was ordered to march to Jones' Cross-Roads; encamped fifteen miles from Raleigh, no enemy appearing during the day.

April 15. -Moved out at 6. 30 a.m. and marched to Holly Springs, where the division encamped at 2 p.m.

April 16. -Still in charge of the corps trains; moved to Collins' Cross-Roads, eight miles from Aven's Ferry. Here the division remained encamped until the 25th.

April 25. -The truce between Generals Sherman and Johnston having expired, it was ordered to move on the 26th to Aven's Ferry, on the Cape Fear River. This order was countermanded, however, the same night, and no further movements took place until the 28th.

April 28. -The division commenced its march back to Raleigh, and encamped at night upon the same ground occupied by the command on the night of April 14.

April 29. -Arrived at Page 's Station, on the Raleigh and Greensborough Railroad, eight miles from the city.

April 30 (Sunday). -The division started from this point on its march northward, encamping the first night at Johnston's Store, on the Neuse River.

May 1. -Division moved from its camp near Neuse River; crossed Tar River at noon; passed through Williston and encamped near Oxford.

May 2. -Moving at 6 a.m., passed through Williamsborough and encamped seven miles south of Roanoke River.

May 3. -Moving at 1 a.m., crossed the Roanoke; passed through Boydton and encamped two miles north of the town.

May 4. -Crossed both branches of the Meherrin River; marched twenty-two miles and went into camp near Lunenburg Court-House.

May 5. -Crossed Nottoway River; passed through Nottoway Court-House, encamping five miles beyond, having marched thirty miles.

May 6. -Crossed the Appomattox and marched twenty-seven miles.

May 7. -Arrived in the vicinity of Manchester.

May 8, 9, and 10. -Division remained in camp near Manchester.

May 11. -Moving at 6 a.m., passed through Manchester and Richmond; took the road toward Hanover Court-House and encamped after a march of eighteen miles.

May 12. -Continuing the march, crossed the Pamunkey and encamped eight miles beyond Hanover.

May 13. -Passed through Chilesburg and encamped near New Market, having marched eighteen miles.

May 14. -Marched sixteen miles and went into camp sixteen miles southeast of Raccoon Ford.

May 15 (Monday). -At 6 a.m. crossed the Rapidan at noon and encamped at Potato Creek, having marched sixteen miles.

May 16. -Reached and crossed the Rappahannock at 9 a.m., and went into camp five miles north of the river, having marched fourteen miles.

May 17. -Encamped at Broad Run, thirty miles south of Washington City.

May 18. -Passing through Centerville and Fairfax, went into camp five miles north of the latter place.

