
May 19. -Arrived within eight miles of Washington City and encamped near Bailey's Cross-Roads, where the division remained until May 25.

May 24. -Division passed in review through Washington City before the President and General Grant.

May 25. -Moved to the camp now occupied (May 31), three miles north of the city.

June 1. -Division still encamped about three miles northwest of Washington City. During the early part of the month the following named regiments were mustered out of service by virtue of telegram order from War Department, dated May 18: One hundred and fifth, Eighty-ninth, Ninety-second, and Eleventh Ohio Volunteers; Seventy-fifth, Eighty-seventh, Seventy-fourth, Eighty-second, and One hundred and first Indiana Volunteers; Tenth Kentucky Volunteers.

June 14 (Wednesday). -Received orders for one brigade to report in the city at once for transportation to Louisville, Ky.

June 15. -The remaining brigade followed.

June 17 (Saturday). -The whole command arrived at Parkersburg. At this point boats were in readiness and the division was embarked.

June 18. -Left Parkersburg in the morning.

June 20. -Arrived at Louisville and immediately marched to camp three miles and a half east of the city on the Bardstown road.

June 22. -By order of Brevet Major-General Davis, commanding corps, furloughs were issued to one-fifth of the effective force of the command.

June 29. -War Department orders have been received and the additional regiments are about being mustered out of service, viz, Fourteenth and Thirty-eighth Ohio and Second Minnesota Volunteers.

First Brigade, Third Division.

January 1 to 20. -Brigade remained in camp two miles northwest of Savannah. During this time furnished 46 commissioned officers and 2. 840 enlisted men for fatigue duty to work on the fortifications of Savannah, and one regiment for picket duty every third day.

January 9. -Brigade went on outpost duty to Cherokee Hill; remained twenty-four hours.

January 15. -The Twenty-third Missouri detachment, detailed for fatigue duty at King's Bridge and at that time doing duty in Savannah, joined the brigade.

January 20. -The Eleventh Ohio detachment joined the brigade, having been attached to the Ninety-second Ohio Infantry, per Special Orders, Numbers 10, headquarters Fourteenth Army Corps, January 18. Marched on main Augusta road to Cherokee Hill, eight miles northwest of Savannah, and encamped for the night.

January 21 to 24. -Remained in camp.

January 25. -Marched at 7 a.m. on Augusta road seven miles; turned northwest on lumber road; arriving at Middle Ground road, encamped for the night.

January 26. -Marched on Middle Ground road at 7. 15 a.m., arriving at McCall road; passing along to near Springfield, encamped for the night.

January 27. -Marched at 2 p.m. on Middle Ground road; encamped for the night on Zettler's farm.

January 28. -Marched at 10 a.m. on Sister's Ferry road; turned west on by-roads one mile; encamped for the night.

