
TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS. *

January 1. -The Third Division broke camp near Savannah; crossed Savannah River; encamped in the vicinity of Hardeeville, S. C.

The First Division remained in camp at Savannah till the 17th, when it crossed the river and marched to vicinity of Purysburg, arriving there on 19th.

The Second Division remained in camp in the city of Savannah till the 27th, when they marched on the south side of Savannah River toward Sister's Ferry, arriving there on the 29th. The river being much swollen it was unable to cross. January 30 and 31, remained in camp.

January 26. -First and Third Divisions commenced movement up the Savannah River on the north side.

January 29. -Arrived at Robertsville, S. C. Both divisions remained at Robertsville till the end of the month.

February 1. -First and Third Divisions at Robertsville, S. C. ; Second Division at Sister's Ferry.

February 2. -First and Third Divisions marched to Lawtonville; skirmished with the enemy's cavalry; Second Division at Sister's Ferry. The First Brigade, First Division, detached to remain at Sister's Ferry. It came toward with the Second Division, rejoining the corps at Blackville, S. C.

February 3. -The First and Third Divisions marched to Duck Branck Post-Office; Second Division at Sister's Ferry.

February 4. -First and Third Divisions marched to Allendale Post-Office; Second Division to Robertsville.

February 5. -First and Third Divisions marched to Buford's Bridge; Second Division to Trowell's Cross-Roads.

February 6. -First and Third Divisions crossed the Salkehatchie; marched to Little Salkehatchie; Second Division marched to Means' Store.

February 7. -First and Third Divisions crossed Little Salkehatchie; marched to near Graham's Station, on South Carolina Railroad; Second Division marched to Coosawhatchie Swamp.

February 8. -First and Third Divisions at work destroying railroad west from Graham's Station; encamped at Graham's Station; Second Division marched to Buford's Bridge.

February 9. -First and Third Divisions marched to Blackville, destroying the railroad; Second Division to Blackville, rejoining the corps.

February 10. -First and Third Divisions at work destroying the railroad west from Blackville; Second Division and First Brigade, First Division, marched to and seized Duncan's Bridge, over South Fork of Edisto River.

February 11. -First Division marched to Duncan's Bridge, joining the Second Division on the north side of the river; Third Division moved to Williston Station, destroying railroad; encamped at Guignard's Bridge, over South Fork of Edisto River.

February 12. -First and Second Divisions marched to Jeffcoat's Bridge; Third Division rejoined the corps.

February 13. -Marched to Jones' Cross-Roads.

February 14. -Marched to Columbia Cross-Roads.

February 15. -Marched to near Lexington.

---------------

* Commanded by Bvt. Major General Alpheus S. Williams and Major General Joseph A. Mower.

---------------

