
February 16. -Marched to near Columbia.

February 17. -Marched to Saluda River.

February 18. -Crossed Saluda River and marched to Oakville Post-Office.

February 19. -Marched to Broad River, encamping on the Freshly farm.

February 20. -Crossed Broad and Little Rivers, encamping on the Owens farm.

February 21. -Marched through Winnsborough, encamping on Beaver Dam Creek.

February 22. -First and Third Divisions marched to Catawba River at Rocky Mount Post-Office; Second Division remained near Winnsborough, destroying railroad.

February 23. -First and Third Divisions crossed Saluda River, encamping five miles north on Colonel Ballard's farm; Second Division rejoined the corps.

February 24. -Marched four miles, encamping on the Hilliard farm.

February 25. -Remained in camp.

February 26. -Marched to Hanging Rock Post-Office.

February 27. -Crossed Hanging Rock Creek.

February 28. -Marched to Horton's Store.

March 1. -Marched from Clyburn's Store, S. C., to Brewer's farm; distance, fourteen miles; roads miry, weather cloudy, with little rain.

March 2. -Marched toward Chesterfield Court-House, S. C. Met a small force of the enemy within one mile and a half of the town; drove them without loss.

March 3. -Command remained at Chesterfield; reconnaissance made toward Sneedsborough, N. C.

March 4. -Marched to within one mile of the Great Pedee River, ten miles northwest of Cheraw and near Sneedsborough, N. C. Weather cloudy, with little rain; roads rough and miry.

March 5. -Command remained near Sneedsborough, N. C. ; weather mild and pleasant.

March 6. -Marched to Cheraw, S. C. ; crossed the pontoon bridge and encamped four miles north of Cheraw. Roads medium; weather clear and pleasant; distance traveled, fourteen miles.

March 7. -Command marched to the Rockingham and Wilmington Railroad. Roads in good order; weather clear and temperate; distance traveled, seventeen miles.

March 8. -Marched to within six miles of McFarland's Bridge, Lumber River; cut a road through the woods; roads miry; raining heavily; distance traveled, thirteen miles.

March 9. -Marched to a point three miles east of McFarland's Bridge; bridge destroyed by the enemy; bridge rebuilt by the command; raining heavily; distance traveled, nine miles; roads rough, with spongy soil.

March 10. -Marched to within one mile of Rockfish Creek; bridge erected across the creek; weather changeable; distance traveled (over a spongy road), ten miles.

March 11. -Marched, First ant Third Divisions, unencumbered, toward Fayetteville, N. C. ; Second Division with the trains; portion of the road miry and treacherous; struck Fayetteville at 7 p.m. ; weather clear and temperate; distance, twenty miles.

March 12. -Remained encamped within one mile of the town.

March 13. -Moved through Fayetteville; crossed Cape Fear River; encamped four miles north; weather clear; distance, five miles.

