
March 14. -Remained stationary.

March 15. -First and Third Divisions moved as a light column up the river; the Second Division on interior road, moving east with the trains. Raining heavily; distance, eleven miles.

March 16. -Stuck the enemy near Taylor's Hole Creek, driving them, capturing three guns and two lines of works. Loss-killed, 30; wounded, 289, and missing, 30. * Loss of enemy remaining in our hands-killed, 101; wounded, 68, and prisoners, 129.

March 17. -Moved to Black River; weather clear and temperate. The Third Division moved as flaking column toward Averasborough; distance, four miles.

March 18. -Moved across Black River; roads in bad condition; weather mild; distance, twelve miles.

March 19. -Moved up to the support of the Fourteenth Corps, who struck the enemy near Mill Creek; brisk fighting until dark, resisting several assaults; fortified at night; weather clear; distance, nine miles.

March 20, 21, and 22. -Remained in same position. Enemy still in front. Loss during four days, killed and wounded, 435. *

March 23. -Enemy evacuate our front; marched to within seven miles of Goldsborough, crossing Neuse River; distance, twelve miles.

March 24. -Arrived at Goldsborough, N. C.

March 25 to 31. -At Goldsborough, N. C.

April 1 to 10. -The corps remained in camp at Goldsborough, N. C.

April 10. -Marched to Moccasin Creek, the First Division skirmishing with the enemy.

April 11. -Marched to Smithfield.

April 12. -Marched to Swift Creek.

April 13. -Marched to Raleigh. Remained in camp at Raleigh until the 25th, when the corps was moved to Jones' Cross-Roads.

April 26. -Marched back to Raleigh. Remained there until the 30th, when the march to Washington was commenced. Encamped on the night of the 30th at the Neuse River, near Forest Paper Mills. Casualties, 4.

May 1 to 8. -En route for Richmond, Va., arriving there the latter date, remaining until the 11th.

May 11. -The command commenced its march to Washington, D. C., through Richmond, Va.

May 19. -Arrived at Alexandria, remaining until the 24th.

May 24. -The command marched through Washington in review, and encamped between that city and Bladensburg, where it remained during the month.

[June.]-The corps remained near Washington since last report.

First Division.

January 1. -The division remained in camp on the west side of the city of Savannah to the 17th of the month. Daily details were made from each brigade for building a line of fortifications around the city and cutting to corduroy a road over Hutchinson's Island for the passage of troops and trains to South Carolina.

January 17. -The division broke camp at crossed the Savannah River and marched toward Purysburg, which point it reached on the 19th, where the division remained until the 26th to receive necessary supplies.

---------------

* But see revised tables, pp. 65 and 75.

---------------

