
January 26. -The Second Brigade, Colonel Hawley commanding, marched toward Sister's Ferry, followed the next day by the First Brigade, Colonel James L. Selfridge commanding, and on the 28th by the Third Brigade, Brigadier General J. S. Robinson commanding, and train. It was found impossible to proceed on the direct road to Sister's Ferry, owing to the great freshet that then prevailed in the Savannah River, and the division marched for Robertsville, S. C., where it arrived on the 29th, the skirmishers of the Third Wisconsin Volunteers driving the enemy's cavalry through the town.

Remained in Robertsville the remainder of the mount, sending the First Brigade to Sister's Ferry to build a dock for landing supplies.

February 2. -The division marched from Robertsville on the Barnwell road, leaving the First Brigade at Sister's Rerry.

February 3. -Passed through Lawtonville.

February 4. -Passed through Smyrna Post-Office.

February 5. -Passed through Allendale, encamping near Buford's Bridge, on the Big Salkehatchie.

February 6. -Crossed the Big Salkehatchie.

February 7. -Crossed the Little Salkehatchie and struck the South Carolina Railroad one mile and a half east of Graham's Station.

February 8. -Destroyed five miles of railroad track, working west from Graham's.

February 9. -Marched through Blackville to Station Numbers 96.

February 10. -Destroyed four miles of railroad track.

February 11. -Crossed South Fork of the Edisto River to Duncan's Bridge. At night First Brigade (Colonel Selfridge) rejoined the division.

February 12. -Marched to Jeffcoat's Bridge, over North Fork of Edisto.

February 13. -Crossed the river, marching toward Columbia.

February 15. -Encamped near Lexington.

February 16. -Marched toward Columbia.

February 17 and 18. -Turned to the left and crossed Saluda at Mount Zion Church.

February 20. -Crossed Broad and Little Rivers.

February 21. -Marched through Winnsborough.

February 23. -Crossed Catawba River at Rocky Mount.

February 27. -Crossed Hanging Rock Creek near Hanging Rock.

During the early part of the month only one-half rations of coffee, sugar, and hard bread were issued to the troops, and on the 11th the rations were ordered to one-quarter rations. The weather during a great portion of the month was very rainy and the roads very bad.

March 1. -The division crossed Lynch's Creek, S. C.

March 2. -Reached Chesterfield, where we had a slight skirmish with the enemy, in which three men of the Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers were wounded.

March 4. -Marched to Sneedsborough, N. C.

March 6. -Crossed the Pedce River at Cheraw.

March 7. -Crossed Rockingham and Fayetteville Railroad near Much's Creek.

March 9. -Crossed Lumber River at McFarland's Bridge.

March 11. -Reached Fayetteville.

March 15. -Crossed Cape Fear River, N. C. ; encamped at Silver Run.

March 16. -Encountered the enemy near Taylor's Run, where we had a lively fight, lasting nearly all day. Our casualties were 187 killed and wounded.

