
March 19. -We again encountered the enemy at or near Bentonville, and after severe fighting repulsed his attack and held our position. Our casualties were 103 officers and men killed and wounded.

March 23. -Crossed Neuse River.

March 24. -Encamped on the north side of Goldsborough, where the division remained the remainder of the month.

[April.]-The division remained in its camp at Goldsborough until the 10th.

April 6. -Brigadier General N. J. Jackson was relieved from command of the division by Special Orders, Numbers 37, headquarters Army of Georgia, and Brevet Major-General Williams assumed command by virtue of the same order.

April 10. -In the morning the division broke camp near Goldsborough; crossed Little River and marched toward Smithfield. Met the enemy shortly after crossing the river and drove them beyond Moccasin Creek, losing 1 enlisted man killed and 3 wounded.

April 12. -Passed through Smithfield, crossing the Neuse River.

April 13. -Reached Raleigh, where we remained until the 25th.

April 25. -Marched to Jones' Cross-Roads, southwest of Raleigh, N. C., and on the 28th returned to our old camp near Raleigh.

April 30. -Began our march toward Washington, D. C., and encamped for the night on the north back of the Neuse River near Forest Paper Mills.

May 1. -The division was en route from Raleigh, N. C., to Washington; crossed the Tar River at Dickerson's Bridge, the Roanoke at Taylor's Ferry, the Meherrin and Nottoway Rivers.

May 6. -Crossed South Side Railroad at Blacks and Whites.

May 8. -Arrived near Richmond, Va., where the division remained two days.

May 11. -Passed through Richmond.

May 12. -Crossed the Chickahominy and South Anna.

May 14. -Crossed North Anna at Anderson's Bridge and encamped near Spotsylvania Court-House.

May 16. -Crossed the Rappahannock at United States Ford; passed through Brentsville and Fairfax Station, crossing Bull Run at Dyer's Ford.

May 19. -Encamped about two miles west of Alexandria, where the division remained until the 24th.

May 24. -Marched through Washington, D. C., in review and went into camp about three miles and a half from the city to the west of Washington and Baltimore Railroad, where we remain at the end of the month.

First Brigade, First Division.

January 1. -The brigade was encamped near Savannah.

January 17. -Crossed the river and marched to Purysburg, where we arrived on January 19, and staid until the 27th, when we marched again and reached the present position on the 30th instant.

Northing of moment occurred during the whole month.

February 4. -The brigade started from Sister's Ferry.

February 8. -Passed through Lawtonville and crossed the North and South Forks of the Edisto River.

February 16. -Reached a point four miles west of Columbia, S. C.

February 17. -Crossed the Saluda River at Mount Zion Church.

February 20. -Crossed Broad River.

