
February 21. -Passed through Winnsborough.

February 23. -Crossed the Waterce.

The last of the month reached a point between Big and Little Lynch's Creeks.

The command subsisted almost entirely on the country, foraging parties consisting of one commissioned officer and fifty men being sent out daily by regimental commanders.

March 1. -This brigade had reached on the march a point near Hanging Rock, S. C.

March 2. -Reached Chesterfield Court-House, S. C., where it had a lively skirmish with the enemy. The Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers, of this brigade, had two enlisted men wounded.

March 3. -Crossed Thompson's Creek.

March 6. -Reached Cheraw; crossed the Great Pedee River at that point and proceeded in an easterly direction.

March 11. -Reached Fayetteville, N. C. ; crossed Cape Fear River at that point and moved upon the Raleigh road until the 16th.

March 16. -The enemy appearing in our front this brigade was ordered to engage it, which it did, driving the enemy back in confusion. The brigade lost in this engagement 1 commissioned officer killed, 1 wounded, 3 enlisted men killed, and 17 wounded.

March 17. -Moved forward.

March 19. -While guarding the trains this brigade was ordered ahead to protect the left flank of the army from an expected attack of the enemy upon the trains. Later the brigade supported the Third Brigade of this division, afterward relieving the same from the line. The brigade sustained no loss in this engagement.

March 22. -Moved forward again; crossed Neuse River at Cox's Bridge.

March 24. -Reached Goldsborough, N. C. ; passed through the town and encamped about three miles north from that place.

Nothing further occurred of importance up to April 1.

April 1. -This brigade was encamped near Goldsborough, N. C., where it remained until the 10th.

April 10. -In compliance with orders from the division commander it moved back through Goldsborough, N. C., and took the road leading to Smithfield, N. C. After advancing about nine miles this brigade met a few of the enemy, with whom it continued to skirmish throughout the entire day, steadily driving them back. The One hundred and twenty-third Regiment New York Volunteers, of this brigade, lost 1 enlisted man killed and 3 wounded.

April 11. -Reached Smithfield, N. C., and Raleigh, N. C., on the 13th, where this brigade remained encamped until the 25th.

April 25. -In obedience to orders from Brevet Major-General Williams, commanding division, this brigade marched to Jones' Cross-Roads and remained at that point until the morning of the 28th, when it returned to Raleigh.

April 30. -Marched from Raleigh and on May 1 reached a point near Manteo Mills, Neuse River, N. C.

May 1. -The brigade was on the march to Alexandria.

May 19. -Arrived at that place at night and encamped until the morning to May 24.

May 24. -It broke camp; participated in the grand review through Washington and marched to its present encampment.

