
May 11. -Left Richmond; crossed Rappahannock at United States Ford.

May 19. -Arrived at Alexandria; passed through Washington [24th] in review to our present camp near Bladensburg.

Third Brigade, First Division.

January 1. -The brigade was at this time encamped in the suburbs and on the northern side of the city of Savannah, Ga. The troops occupied substantial winter camps and were chiefly employed in their usual drills and in building fortifications around the city. A daily detail was also furnished by the brigade for cutting timber to be used in corduroying the road across Hutchinson's Island. No marked event occurred until the 14th, when Colonel Robinson, of the Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers, received official information of this appointment by the President as brigadier-general of U. S. Volunteers.

January 16. -Brigadier-General Robinson assigned, by order of the corps commander, to the command of this brigade.

January 17. -Brigade marched at 8 a.m. The Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers, serving in quartermaster's department Military Division of the Mississippi, remained in the city; the Thirty-first Wisconsin Volunteers, having been detailed for special duty in cutting timber and corduroying road, remained in its encampment. Brigade crossed the Savannah River opposite the city on pontoon bridges; reached the old camps of the Third Division, four miles from Screven's Ferry, and encamped at 2. 30 p.m.

January 18. -Brigade marched at 2 p.m. in a northeasterly direction. Encamped on Garrett's plantation, four miles from Hardeeville, at 5. 15 p.m., distance marched, eight miles. The Thirty-first Wisconsin Volunteers rejoined the brigade at Garrett's.

January 19. -Brigade marched at 9 a.m. ; reached Hardeeville at 10. 15 a.m. ; arrived at Purysburg at 12 m., and there encamped.

January 20. -Weather exceedingly wet and the surface flooded by the freshet; no movement possible.

January 21, 22, and 23. -Wet weather continues; troops changed and police their camps.

January 24 and 25. -Rain ceases and the flood disappears.

January 26. -One hundred and forty-third New York sent forward five miles on the Sister's Ferry road to repair it.

January 27. -First Brigade moved at 8. 30 a.m. ; Second Brigade moved yesterday.

January 28. -Brigade marched from Purysburg at 8 a.m. ; Thirty-first Wisconsin Volunteers preceded and the other regiments followed the division train; reached Bradham's at 3. 30 p.m. and there encamped.

January 29. -Marched from Bradham's, on the Robertsville road, at 7. 30 a.m. Brigade formed the rear of the division, covering the train. The One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers, being in advance of the division, drove the enemy's cavalry back as far as Robertsville, where that regiment was relieved by Second Brigade. Brigade reached and encamped at Robertsville at 1. 30 p.m.

January 30 and 31. -Brigade remained encamped at Robertsville, S. C.

February 1. -The brigade at this time was encamped at Robertsville, S. C. The troops were put on half rations of sugar, coffee, and bread.

