
February 21. -Marched at 9 a.m., and at 4 p.m. reached Winnsborough; encamped three miles beyond the village; distance, thirteen miles. Troops put on quarter rations of sugar, coffee, and bread.

February 22. -Marched at 10 a.m. ; crossed Wateree Creek and encamped near Rocky Mount Post-Office near midnight; distance, fifteen miles.

February 23. -Marched at 7 a.m. ; crossed Wateree River at 10 a.m. ; encamped four miles beyond; distance, five miles.

February 24. -Marched at 7. 30 a.m. ; weather very wet and the roads heavy. Advanced three miles and encamped on Patterson's plantation.

February 25. -Remained encamped on Patterson's plantation; weather continued wet.

February 26. -Marched at 2 p.m. ; encamped two miles from Hanging Rock Post-Office at nightfall; distance, six miles.

February 27. -Marched at 6. 15 a.m. ; passed Hanging Rock Post-Office and crossed the creek of the same name; encamped on Mobley's plantation at 9 a.m. ; distance marched, three miles.

February 28. -Remained encamped on Mobley's plantation.

March 1. -Brigade marched from Little Lynch's Creek, four miles beyond Big Lynch's Creek; distance, twelve miles.

March 2. -Crossed Big Black Creek and arrived at Chesterfield Court-House; distance, sixteen miles.

March 3. -Crossed Thompson's Creek; distance, nine miles.

March 4. -Crossed Abram's and Little Westfield Creeks and encamped near Great Pedee River; distance, five miles.

March 5. -Remained near Great Pedee River.

March 6. -Marched to Cheraw; crossed Great Pedee River and encamped four miles beyond; distance, fourteen miles.

March 7. -Crossed the North Carolina line and encamped near the Wilmington and Rutherford Railroad; distance, thirteen miles.

March 8. -Marched to McFarland's Bridge, on the Lumber River; distance, eighteen miles.

March 9. -Brigade rebuilt the bridge over the Lumber, crossed that stream and encamped three miles beyond.

March 10. -Marched to Rockfish Creek; distance, nine miles.

March 11. -Crossed Rockfish and Little Rockfish Creeks and marched to within two miles of Fayetteville; distance, nineteen miles.

March 12. -Remained near Fayetteville.

March 13. -Marched through Fayetteville and encamped on the right bank of the Cape Fear River.

March 14. -Crossed the Cape Fear River and encamped five miles beyond.

March 15. -Marched to Kyle's Landing; distance, thirteen miles.

March 16. -Marched four miles and engaged the enemy at Smith's farm.

March 17. -Marched to Black River; distance, three miles.

March 18. -Crossed Black River and Mingo Creek; distance, twelve miles.

March 19. -Marched seven miles and engaged the enemy near Bennettsville [Bentonville].

March 22. -Marched to Falling Creek; distance, fifteen miles.

March 23. -Crossed Falling Creek and Neuse River, the latter at Cox's Bridge; distance, ten miles.

