
March 24. -Crossed Little River and arrived at Goldsborough. Brigade encamped on the north side of the town near the Weldon railroad.

March 25. -Remained in the camp of yesterday.

March 26. -Brigade changed its camp to the east side of the railroad.

March 27 and 28. -Troops employed in constructing a permanent camp.

March 29. -An inspection made of the brigade.

March 30. -Brigade commenced building a line of breast-works covering its front.

March 31. -The Eighty-second and Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers consolidated into one regiment, to be known as the Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers; the new organization to date from to-morrow.

April 1. -The brigade was at this date encamped near Goldsborough, N. C.

April 2. -Orders received that General Mower assume command of Twentieth Corps.

April 3 and 4. -Orders received announcing a new organization of the army and indicating an early movement.

April 5. -The brigade was received by Major-General Mower.

April 6. -A dispatch received announcing the capture of Richmond and Petersburg by the Army of the Potomac.

April 7. -Brigade topographical engineer and commissary of subsistence abolished.

April 8. -Captain Wallace, topographical engineer, detailed for same duty on division staff. Captain Salmann, acting commissary of subsistence, detailed for same duty in subsistence department of division.

April 9. -Eighty-second and Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers consolidated into one regiment, to be known as the Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers.

April 10. -Brigade marched from its camp at 6 a.m. ; passed through Goldsborough and moved out the Smithfield road; crossed Little River at 9 a.m. ; skirmishing to 10. At noon the enemy's cavalry were encountered at Moccasin Creek. The brigade crossed the stream and encamped at nightfall; distance, sixteen miles.

April 11. -Brigade marched to Smithfield; distance, thirteen miles.

April 12. -News received of the surrender of Lee's army. Brigade crossed the Neuse River and moved toward Raleigh. Encamped at 5 p.m., distance marched, fifteen miles.

April 13. -Brigade marched to Raleigh and encamped near the city.

April 14 to 16. -Remained near Raleigh.

April 17. -News received of the assassination of President Lincoln.

April 18 to 24. -Brigade remained near Raleigh.

April 25. -Brigade marched from Raleigh to Jones' Cross-Roads; distance, fourteen miles.

April 26. -Remained at Jones' Cross-Roads.

April 27. -Brigade returned to its camp near Raleigh; distance, fourteen miles.

April 28 and 29. -Remained near Raleigh.

April 30. -Brigade commenced its march toward Washington, via Richmond, moving at 5 a.m. ; crossed the Neuse River and encamped one mile beyond at 2 p.m.

[May.]-At the commencement of the month the brigade was on the march from Raleigh, N. C., to Alexandria, Va., having left the former place April 30.

