
May 1. -Marched from Neuse River to Tar River; encamped near the latter at 5 p.m. ; distance, eighteen miles.

May 2. -Crossed Tar River at Dickerson's Bridge; encamped near Williamsborough at 5 p.m. ; distance, twelve miles.

May 3. -Crossed the State line into Virginia at sunset; crossed the Roanoke River at 9 p.m. ; distance, seventeen miles.

May 4. -Marched to and crossed Meherrin River; distance, twenty-two miles.

May 5. -Marched to Notoway River; distance, twenty miles.

May 6. -Reached and encamped at Wellville Station, South Side Railroad, at 2 p.m. ; distance, fifteen miles.

May 7. -Crossed the Appomattox River at 1 p.m. ; encamped at 5 p.m. ; distance, twenty-four miles.

May 8. -Marched to Falling Creek; distance, eighteen miles.

May 9. -Moved two miles and encamped within six miles of Richmond.

May 10. -No movement.

May 11. -Crossed the James River, and moving through Richmond encamped near Brook Church; distance, ten miles.

May 12. -Chickahominy was crossed at Johnston's Bridge, and crossing the South Anna encamped; distance, fourteen miles.

May 13. -Reached the Virginia Central Railroad near Beaver Dam Station at 11 a.m. ; distance, fourteen miles.

May 14. -Crossed the North Anna River at Anderson's Bridge; encamped near Spotsylvania Court-House; distance, sixteen miles.

May 15. -Marched to United States Ford, on the Rappahannock; distance, fifteen miles.

May 16. -Crossed the Rappahannock River at United States Ford and encamped near Town Creek; distance, fifteen miles.

May 17. -Marched to Cedar Run; distance, thirteen miles.

May 18. -Crossed Bull Run at Dyer's Ford and reached Fairfax Station; distance, twenty miles.

May 19. -Moved toward Alexandria; encamped three miles west on the city at 3 p.m. ; distance, fifteen miles.

May 20 to 24. -Brigade remained in this camp until the 24th, when it participated in the grand review before the President of the United States in the city of Washington. Went into permanent camp near Fort Saratoga, D. C.

May 25 to 31. -No movement.

Second Division.

[January.]-Remained in camp at Savannah until the 27th instant, when we moved on the Augusta road for Sister's Ferry. Encamped that night at the Eleven-Mile Post; weather very cold; roads miry.

January 28. -Took the Middle Ground road; turning to the left encamped near Springfield; weather cold; roads bad.

January 29. -Passed through Springfield and turned to the right on the Sister's Ferry road; crossed two swamps and encamped within two miles of the ferry; roads very bad.

January 30 and 31. -Remained in camp; troops engaged constructing corduroy road across a long swamp the other side of the Savannah River.

No casualties occurred during the month.

February 1 to 3. -In camp at Sister's Ferry, building road through the swamps across the river.

February 4. -Marched to Robertsville, S. C.

