
April 25. -Marched twelve miles to Jones' Cross-Roads.

April 28. -Marched back twelve miles to Raleigh. Johnston surrendered yesterday.

April 29. -Turned in ammunition and loaded trains with rations.

April 30. -Commenced the homeward march for Washington; marched beyond Neuse River; distance, fourteen miles and a half.

During the month of April, in pursuance of instructions from the War Department, the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers was consolidated with the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers.

May 1. -Marched from Neuse River to Copehard's farm; twenty-two miles.

May 2. -Marched nineteen miles to Williamsborough.

May 3. -Marched twelve miles to Virginia line.

May 4. -Marched twenty-two miles to El Bethel Church.

May 5. -Marched twenty-one miles to Barnes' farm.

May 6. -Marched fifteen miles to Wellville.

May 7. -Marched twenty miles to Appomattox River.

May 8. -Marched twenty-one miles of Falling Creek.

May 9. -Marched three miles toward Richmond.

May 11. -Marched twelve miles through Richmond to Brook Church.

May 12. -Marched twelve miles to Ashland.

May 13. -Marched sixteen miles and a half to Little River.

May 14. -Marched eighteen miles to Mat River.

May 15. -Marched twenty-one miles to United States Ford.

May 16. -Marched seventeen miles and three-quarters to Town Creek.

May 17. -Marched sixteen miles to Brentsville.

May 18. -Marched eighteen miles to near Fairfax Station.

May 19. -Marched eighteen miles to Alexandria.

May 24. -Marched seventeen miles to Washington, review order, and encamped near Bladensburg, Md.

May 25 to 31. -In camp near Bladensburg, Md.

[June.]-Division in camp near Bladensburg, Md.

June 5. -The Fifth, Twenty-ninth, and Sixty-sixth Ohio Regiments were transferred to the Fourteenth Army Corps by Special Orders, Numbers 84, current series, headquarters Army of Georgia.

June 6. -The Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Seventy-third, One hundred and eleventh, and One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Sixtieth and One hundred and second New York Volunteers, and Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers transferred to Department of Washington by General Orders, Numbers 12, current series, Twentieth Army Corps, and Special Orders, Numbers 294, current series, headquarters of the Army, Adjutant-General's Office.

June 7 to 12. -The One hundred and nineteenth, One hundred and thirty-fourth, One hundred and fifty-fourth, One hundred and thirty-seventh, and One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers were mustered out, under provisions of General Orders, Nos. 77 and 94, current series, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office.

First Brigade, Second Division.

The brigade lay encamped in the city of Savannah from December 21, 1864 (the date of its capture), until the morning of January 27,

1865, when, in compliance to orders received, broke camp at 8 a.m. and moved out of the city on the Augusta road, and marched to near Monteith Station, distance, twelve miles, and encamped for the night.

