
January 28. -Moved at 7. 30 a.m. and marched to near Springfield, Ga. ; distance, fourteen miles; bivouacked for the night.

January 29. -Moved at 6. 30 a.m. and marched to within three miles of Sister's Ferry, Ga., distance, twelve miles, where the brigade remains in camp awaiting the clearing and construction of a road to cross the Savannah River.

February 1. -The brigade lay encamped near Sister's Ferry, Ga., awaiting the completion of the bridge over the Savannah and the road through the swamp on the opposite side, where it remained until the morning of the 4th.

February 4. -Moved at daylight and crossed the river at Sister's Ferry by a pontoon bridge. On the South Carolina shore loaded up the wagons with supplies for the campaign. Marched on at 2 p.m. about two miles. The road being in very bad order, it had to be corduroyed for about one mile, which was finished by noon of the next day.

February 5. -Marched at 2 p.m. and moved to Stafford Cross-Roads, near Steep Botton Post-Office, S. C.

February 6. -Moved at 8 a.m. and marched to near Beech Branch Post-Office, S. C.

February 7. -Moved at 8 a.m. and marched to north side of Coosawhatchie Swamp.

February 8. -Moved at 6 a.m. and marched to Buford's Bridge, over the Salkehatchie River, and encamped for the night on the east side.

February 9. -Moved at 7 a.m. and marched to near Blackville, S. C. ; ninety-one recruits from draft rendezvous were received for the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

February 10. -Joined the corps this morning in Blackville. The division was left to cover the trains of the corps while the other two divisions went up the railroad toward Augusta to destroy it. At 12 m. received orders to march to Duncan's Bridge, over the South Edisto River, where we arrived at 5. 30 p.m. Soon after crossed over the river by a foot bridge, the road bridges being partially destroyed by the enemy, and encamped for the night on the east side of the river. The trains were unable to cross.

February 11. -Did not move, but assisted in building the bridges and corduroying the roads over the South Edisto by heavy details from the brigade.

February 12. -Moved at 6 a.m. When about five miles from the camp of the night before met a small party of the enemy's cavalry, but the advance pushed forward vigorously, driving them to the North Edisto River, where we arrived about 12 m. The enemy were found posted on the opposite side of the river, they having destroyed the bridge before our arrival. They were also well protected by a swamp about 100 yards in length. We soon drove them behind this swamp, but could not cross our men over the stream only by a small boat. When about thirty men had been crossed to the edge of the swamp at the end of the causeway, they were ordered to charge through it and drive them off, but when they had pushed about two-thirds of the distance through the enemy opened two pieces of artillery with grape and canister, which compelled them to fall back, there being too few of them. The enemy them threw shell in the direction of the bridge where our men were at work rebuilding it. The enemy kept up considerable firing of small-arms, and until 8 o'clock in the evening no new attempt was made by us to drive them off, but the reconstruction of the bridge was continued and finished by 1 a.m. of the 13th instant, when our

