
pickets were ordered to push as far through the swamp as possible, which they did about 3 a.m., when it was discovered that the enemy had retreated. At daylight the brigade was ordered over the river in support of the advance, which was ordered to push forward some distance. They soon came on them posted near a mill. They advanced rapidly, driving them before them for about a mile, when orders were received to halt. We remained in this position until the remainder of the corps had passed, the enemy having in the meantime, when we marched about six miles and went into camp at Jones' Cross-Roads. Our casualties on the 12th and 13th were 1 commissioned officer wounded, 3 enlisted men killed and 9 wounded.

February 14. -Marched to Lexington Cross-Roads; distance, about eight miles.

February 15. -Moved at 7 a.m. ; the brigade was the advance of the corps. Had several small skirmishes at Congaree and Red Bank Creeks; also at Two League Cross-Roads, two miles from Lexington Court-House, where we went into camp for the night.

February 16. -Moved at 1 p.m. as rear guard to the corps; encamped about five miles west of Columbia to protect the rear of the trains.

February 17. -Marched to Liphardt's Mills, near the Saluda River.

February 18. -Moved at 9 a.m. ; crossed the Saluda River and marched to Ravenscroft's Mills.

February 19. -Marched to Freshly's Mills, near Broad River.

February 20. -Crossed Broad River and marched to Owens' farm, near Kincaid's Cross-Roads.

February 21. -Marched to Winnsborough, S. C. The brigade was ordered to be put on guard duty in the town to act as provost guard until the army should pass through, where it remained until 3. 30 [o'clock] of the 22d, when we marched to Wateree Church to join the remainder of the division and encamped for the night.

February 23. -Marched to the Catawba River and crossed it at Rocky Mount Post-Office; went into camp on the east side of the river.

February 24. -Marched to Hilliard's farm.

February 25. -Did not move.

February 26. -Marched to Hanging Rock Post-Office.

February 27. -Crossed the Hanging Rock Creek and encamped about two miles east of it.

February 28. -Marched to Clyburn's Store.

March 1. -Moved at 12 m. The brigade had charge of 114 wagons to guard and render any assistance to help it along that they might need. Crossed Lynch's Creek at Farley's Bridge and encamped for the night one mile and a half east of it.

March 2. -Moved at 8 a.m. in charge of 160 wagons of the train. Marched to the west side of Big Black Creek, where we caught up with the trains of the other divisions, which were detained by the bridge wearing out by the heavy trains which had passed over it. Went into camp at this place at 5 p.m.

March 3. -Moved at 9 a.m. The brigade was detailed as rear guard of the corps trains. Was detained considerably by the bad roads. The soil in this day's march was very treacherous and full of quicksands. We crossed Big Black, Little Black, and Smith's Mill Creeks; went into camp at 11. 30 p.m. at Chesterfield Court-House.

March 4. -Moved at 7 a.m. in charge of a portion of the train to near Sneedsborough, N. C.

Mach 5. -Did not move; awaiting the building of the pontoon bridge over the Great Pedee River.

