
arrived in camp by 11 p.m., but the remainder did not get in at all. The camp this night was about two miles and a half this side of Black River.

March 16. -The advance of the train moved on over the river, the bridge having been completed by the time it arrived. Was compelled to corduroy the whole distance traveled before the trains could cross over the road. Marched about five miles east of Black River and encamped for the night, the last regiment getting in about 11 p.m.

March 17. -Did not move to-day. One regiment was detailed in connection with a regiment from each of the other two brigades to form a foraging party.

March 18. -Moved at 6 a.m. The brigade was ordered in advance to fix all bad places. We corduroyed about five miles of the road and marched seven and encamped for the night near Ramer's Mills at 8 p.m.

March 19. -Moved at 9 a.m. in charge of 350 wagons in rear of the train. Marched to within six miles southeast of Bentonville and went into camp at 1 a.m. 20th.

March 20. -We had but arrived in camp about half an hour, when orders were received to move at once and re-enforce the corps near Bentonville, where the enemy attacked the unencumbered divisions in force. We arrived at corps headquarters at 5 a.m. and were in rear of Kilpatrick's cavalry to wait further orders. Remained in this position until the morning of the 22d.

March 22. -The enemy having left our front we moved at 7 a.m. in the direction of Cox's Bridge, over the Neuse River. Marched about fourteen miles and encamped for the night on the north side of Falling Creek; were detained several hours by bad roads, and did not get into camp until 11 p.m.

March 23. -Moved at 6 a.m. and marched to within a mile of Cox's Bridge, where we halted for two hours awaiting the crossing of the Fourteenth Army Corps. Moved on again at 11 a.m. and crossed Neuse River on the pontoon bridges and marched to Millard's Cross-Roads, the enemy's cavalry being around our flanks in considerable numbers, picking up our foragers, but did not disturb our camp.

March 24. -Moved at 7 a.m. The trains and pack animals were sent on ahead, orders having been received that the corps would be reviewed by Major-General Sherman in Goldsborough; crossed Little River; arrived at Goldsborough at 11 a.m. ; passed in review and marched to the northeast side of the town, where we went into camp for the day.

March -. -Charged camp to the Snow Hill road, about two miles and a half from Goldsborough, where we went into regular camp, and ended the campaign of fifty-eight days from Savannah, a distance of 500 miles, the route traveled by the brigade. Remained in this camp during the remainder of the month.

[April.]-The brigade lay encamped at Goldsborough, N. C., until the 10th, at 5. 30 a.m., when, in accordance with orders, the brigade broke camp, marched through Goldsborough, taking the road toward Smithfield, N. C., crossing Little River about five miles from its mouth, nothing of note occurring until 1 p.m. at Moccasin River, where the enemy's cavalry was found posted on the opposite side of the swamp. They were soon driven off, with no casualties, and owing to the causeway being flooded by the recent rains only a portion of the command was able to get across the stream. The brigade went into camp about 12 p. m

