
April 11. -Moved at 5. 30 a.m. and marched to Smithfield, N. C., and went into camp at 5 p.m.

April 12. -Moved at 9 a.m., crossing the Neuse River by pontoon bridge, taking the Elevation and Leachburg road toward Raleigh, N. C. ; marched to the north side of Swift Creek, going into camp about 6 p.m.

April 13. -Moved at 6 a.m. ; marched to Raleigh, N. C., the place having been evacuated and possession taken of the place by Kilpatrick's cavalry early in the morning. We arrived at 1 p.m., and went into camp on the south side of the town, remaining in this camp until 9 a.m. of April 25, when we moved to Jones' Cross-Roads; distance, thirteen miles southwest of Raleigh, N. C. Remained at this place until 4. 30 a.m. of the 28th, when the brigade retraced its steps to Raleigh, where it remained until the morning of the 30th.

April 30. -In accordance with orders received, and the armies of the rebellion having been broken up and scattered, it commenced its homeward march toward Washington; encamped for the night at Manteo's Mills, on the Neuse River.

May 1. -En route for Washington, D. C., via Richmond, Va., Moved at 5 a.m. and marched twenty-three miles; encamped for the night three miles north of Tar River.

May 2. -Moved at 5 a.m. and marched to within two miles of Williamsborough, N. C., going into camp at 4 p.m.

May 3. -Moved at 4. 30 a.m. ; passed through Williamsborough and Townsville, on Roanoke Valley Railroad; crossed the State line between Virginia and North Carolina at 11. 30 a.m. ; went into camp for the night one mile north of it in Virginia.

May 4. -Moved at 6 a.m. ; crossed the Roanoke River at Taylor's Ferry by pontoon bridge (thirty-three boats in length); crossed the Boydton plank road at Allen's Creek; encamped for the night near South Hill at 6 p.m.

May 5. -Moved at 5. 30 a.m. ; crossed the Meherrin River at Safford's Bridge, striking the plank road at Hawkes's Bridge, at Blacks and Whites Station, at Hedge Grove, moving along to the last-named station; went into camp for the night five miles south of Nottoway River.

May 6. -Moved at 6 a.m. ; crossed the Nottoway River and Little Nottoway River, taking the Lynchburg and Petersburg Railroad at Blacks and Whites Station. Moved parallel to it to Wellville, where the brigade went into camp for the night.

May 7. -Moved at 6 a.m. in the direction of Kidd's Mills on the Appomattox River, where we arrived at 6 p.m. ; crossing it immediately on a pontoon bridge, went into camp about one mile north of it for the night.

May 8. -Moved at 6 a.m., passing the Clover Hill mining regions; marched to the east side of Falling Creek, going into camp by 7 p.m.

May 9. -Changed camp to a more eligible position, about a mile and a half east of last night's camp and about five miles west of Manchester, Va. We lay in camp until the morning of the 11th instant at 10 a.m., when the brigade broke camp, passing through Manchester over the pontoon bridge and directly through the city of Richmond, coming out the Hanover Court-House pike and going into camp for the night near Brook Creek.

May 12. -Moved at 6 a.m. and marched to Ashland Station, on the Fredericksburg railroad, getting into camp by 6 p.m.

May 13. -Moved at 5 a.m., crossing South Anna and New Found Rivers; also Little River; encamped for the night about one mile north of the last-named stream.

