
May 14. -Moved at 5 a.m., crossing the North Anna River at Anderson's Bridge; also the Mat River; also the Mat River; passing Chilesburg, went into camp near the Ta River.

May 15. -Moved at 5 a.m. across the Ta, Po, and Ny Rivers; passed through Spotsylvania and Chancellorsville; went into camp for the night on the north side of the Rappahannock River.

May 16. -Moved at 4. 30 a.m. ; marched to Hartwood Church; thence by the Catlett's Station road to the headwaters of Elk Creek, where we went into camp for the night.

May 17. -Moved at 5 a.m. ; marched to Brentsville, where we went into camp at 12 m. for the remainder of the day.

May 18. -Moved at 9 a.m. ; crossed Bull Run and marched to Fairfax Station, on Orange and Alexandria Railroad, getting into camp by 8 p.m.

May 19. -Moved at 9 a.m., crossing the Orange and Alexandria Railroad at Fairfax Station, taking a road across the country to the Alexandria pike, striking it at the Eleven-Mile Post; marched to Cloud's Mills, four miles west of Alexandria, and went into camp by 5 p.m. Remained in this camp until the morning of May 24, at 4 [o'clock;] taking the direct road to Long Bridge, over the Potomac River, crossed into Washington, passed in review up Pennsylvania Avenue, [and] were reviewed by the President, General Grant, &amp;c., in front of the President's House, after which the brigade moved to the camp one mile west of Bladensburg, Md., where it remains at the present time [May 31].

Second Brigade, Second Division.

[April.]-The One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers was consolidated with the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, and assigned to Third Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Corps, per Special Orders, Numbers 39, headquarters Twentieth Corps, March 31.

Third Brigade, Second Division.

[January.]-The brigade was engaged in doing provost duty in the city of Savannah, Ga., until the 19th instant, when it was relieved by troops commanded by Major General C. Grover. The brigade remained in the city performing only duties until the 27th instant, when it marched to Sister's Ferry, Ga., arriving on the evening of the 29th; went into bivouac, where the command still [January 31] lies.

February 4. -The brigade, with the division, marched from Sister's Ferry.

February 8. -Crossed the Salkehatchie River.

February 10. -Joined the rest of the corps at Blackville.

February 18. -Crossed the Saluda River.

February 20. -Crossed the Broad River.

February 21. -Arrived at Winnsborough; tore up the railroad. That and the next day the brigade tore up about four miles and a half of railroad.

February 28. -Crossed Little Lynch's Creek and encamped.

[March.]-The brigade, in connection with the division, marched from near Hanging Rock, via Chesterfield, Cheraw, and Fayetteville, to Goldsborough, N. C., arriving on the 24th and going into camp on the north side of and about two miles from town. During the march the brigade was almost constantly with the wagon train building corduroy roads

