
and helping the wagons through bad places. The men were performing hard manual labor nearly all the while. Since arriving at this place comfortable quarters have been built. Clothing and necessary supplies are being forwarded and issued as fast as possible. Service hours have been established; drills and the usual routine of camp duties are being performed.

[April.]-The brigade remained near Goldsborough, N. C., until the 10th.

April 10. -It broke camp and marched to Moccasin Creek, on the road to Smithfield.

April 11. -Marched to Smithfield.

April 12. -Marched to Swift Creek.

April 13. -Entered Raleigh; remained at or near Raleigh until the 30th.

April 30. -It started for Richmond, Va., encamping at night near the Neuse River, thirteen miles northwest of Raleigh.

May 1. -The brigade moved from its bivouac on the Neuse River at 5. 30 a.m., continuing its march toward Richmond via Williamsborough, N. C., Wellville, Va., crossing the Appomattox River near Bevill's Bridge, and arriving in the vicinity of Manchester and Richmond, marching, via Ashland, Spotsylvania, Chancellorsville, United States Ford, and Brentsville, to Alexandria.

May 19. -Encamped near the latter place; remained I camp near Alexandria until 5 a.m. May 24, when the command moved to Washington, participating in the grand review and encamping three miles from Washington on the Bladensburg road, where it still [May 31] remains.

June 1. -The brigade was encamped near Washington, D. C. The Sixtieth and One hundred and second New York Volunteers and Twenty-ninth and One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers were transferred to Department of Washington per Special Orders, Numbers 294, May 29, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office.

June 10. -The One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers were mustered out.

June 12. -The One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers and brigade band were mustered out.

Third Division.

January 17. -The division moved up to Hardeeville and one brigade (the Second) pushed forward and occupied a landing on the Savannah River, called Purysburg. Here the First Division of the corps joined us.

January 29. -Moved forward to Robertsville.

February 2. -From thence moved upon the campaign through the States of South Carolina and North Carolina and North Carolina, together with the First Division of the corps (with the exception of being detached and moving west on the Charleston and Augusta Railroad, destroying it as far as White Pond), engaging in several skirmishes an in the two battles, one near Averasborough, N. C., and the other at Bentonville, N. C.

March 1. -Moved from camp on Lynch's Creek, S. C., for Fayetteville, N. C., via Chesterfield, S. C., Sneedsborough, N. C., and Cheraw, S. C., reaching there on the 11th.

March 13. -Crossed Cape Fear River; halted two days; moved toward Averasborough, N. C.

March 16. -Slight engagement near Taylor's Hole Creek. The division drove the enemy from one line of works, taking 3 guns and some 150 prisoners; loss small.

