
March 19. -Met enemy; sharp engagement near Bentonville, N. C. ; one brigade engaged of this division in line of Fourteenth Corps; its loss quite heavy.

March 22. -Withdrew from position and marched toward Goldsborough.

March 24. -Reached that place. Encamped two miles north of the town, where division is at this date [March 31].

April 10. -Again started on the campaign ending with the war at Raleigh, N. C. From thence the division marched on their homeward journey, passing through Richmond, Va., and Washington, D. C., at which last place the following regiments were mustered out of service: One hundred and second, One hundred and fifth, One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois; Seventieth and Eighty-fifth Indiana; Seventy-ninth Ohio; Nineteenth Michigan; Thirty-third Massachusetts; Twenty-second and Twenty-sixth Wisconsin; Twentieth Connecticut, and One hundred and thirty-sixth New York, the Thirty-third Indiana, Fifty-fifth and Seventy-third Ohio Veteran Regiments being transferred to Fourteenth Army Corps. The last regiment mustered out [was] the One hundred and thirty-sixth New York, closing the records of this division June 14.

Second Brigade, Third Division.

January 1. -Crossed the Savannah River; made the campaign with Sherman through the Carolinas, participating actively in the battle of Averasborough March 16, and Bentonville, N. C., March 19.

March 24. -Reached Goldsborough.

April 10. -Moved toward Raleigh. At Raleigh Colonel Dustin received appointment as brevet brigadier-general, to date from March 16, the date of the battle of Averasborough.

April 30. -The brigade started on its homeward march.

May 8. -Reached Richmond.

May 12. -The march was resumed, arriving in Alexandria on the 19th.

May 24. -The brigade participated in the grand review in Washington, moving immediately after to the vicinity of Fort Lincoln, on Bladensburg pike, where it made its last encampment. Here the Thirty-third Indiana Veteran Volunteers was transferred to the Fourteenth Army Corps, and the other regiments of the brigade mustered out as follows: Nineteenth Michigan, June 10, Eighty-fifth Indiana and Twenty-second Wisconsin, June 12.

Third Brigade, Third Division.

January 1. -This brigade, part of General Sherman's Army of Georgia, was encamped one mile on the northwest of Savannah, Ga.

January 2. -Broke camp and crossed Savannah River on transport Planter. Landed at Cheves' Landing, S. C. ; marched inland about six miles, and encamped on Hardee's farm.

January 16. -Colonel Samuel Ross, Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers, commanding brigade, having received a leave of absence, Bvt. Brigadier General William Cogswell, pursuant to orders from headquarters Twentieth Corps, assumed command of this brigade.

January 17. -Moved from Hardee's farm to Hardeeville, a distance of eight miles. Brigade received supplies from the landing at Purysburg.

