
January 29. -Marched from Hardeeville on the Robertsville road.

January 30. -Reached Robertsville, S. C., and moved from there to Maner plantation, three miles from the town, where the brigade is in camp on the last day of the month.

February 2. -This brigade of the Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, Army of Georgia, left Robertsville, S. C. ; marched northeast to Lawtonville. Here the Third Division met a small force of the enemy. This brigade was formed; advanced in line of battle to within a short distance of the town, where it was withdrawn and ordered into camp, the enemy having been driven from the place.

February 3. -Crossed the Salkehatchie at Buford's Bridge.

February 7. -Struck the Augusta and Charleston Railroad near Graham's Station.

February 8. -Destroyed one mile and a half of this railroad at Graham's and burnt 360 bales of cotton.

February 9. -Moved a mile beyond Blackville Station, ten miles west of Graham's, and destroyed one mile and four-fifths of railroad.

February 10. -Moved to White Pond Station; destroyed two miles and a half of railroad track. Every tie was burned and every rail twisted, making the destruction complete.

February 11. -Marched northwest; crossed the South Edisto River at Guignard's Bridge.

February 12. -Marched northeast; crossed the North Edisto at Janes' Bridge.

February 14 and 15. -Marched north.

February 16. -Marched on the Columbia road to within two miles of Columbia.

February 17. -Moved northwest up the Saluda River to Mount Zion Church.

February 18. -Crossed the Saluda River at Mount Zion Church.

February 20. -Crossed the Broad River; marched northeast on the Winnsborough road.

February 21. -Marched through Winnsborough.

February 23. -Crossed the Wateree River.

February 25. -The division did not move camp. This brigade corduroyed the from camp to Russell's Cross-Roads, a distance of three miles and a half.

February 26. -Marched from Russell's Cross-Roads to Hanging Rock.

February 27 and 28. -Marched on the Chesterfield road northeast.

[March.]-This brigade of the Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, Left Wing, Army of Georgia, was during the month engaged in the campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C.

March 1. -Crossed Lynch's Creek, S. C.

March 2 and 3. -Marched all day, and at 4 p.m. on the 3rd reached Chesterfield Court-House.

March 4. -Marched to Grady's farm, near Sneedsborough, N. C.

March 6. -Marched to Cheraw, S. C.

March 7. -In the morning crossed Great Pedee River at that place.

March 8, 9, and 10. -Marched in the direction of Fayetteville, N. C., over bad roads.

March 11. -Reached Fayetteville, where the brigade remained until 1 p.m. of the 13th, when it crossed the Cape Fear River and encamped four miles from the bank.

March 14. -The remainder of the division remaining in the camp, this brigade made a reconnaissance on the Fayetteville and Raleigh road and on the Goldsborough road. Three regiments, commanded by

