
Lieutenant-Colonel Buckingham, Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers, marched to Silver Run Creek, on the Fayetteville and Raleigh road, and four on the Goldsborough road to Black River. Both columns met the enemy and skirmished some time. Loss, 1 commissioned officer and 2 enlisted men wounded, 1 enlisted man mortally wounded and missing. Returned to the division at night.

March 15. -Marched at 6. 30 a.m. and encamped at 5 p.m.

March 16. -Moved to Taylor's Hole Creek. One mile beyond here the brigade relieved the Second Brigade, First Division, of this corps, who were in line of battle and had been engaged. This brigade was engaged nine hours. Loss: Commissioned officers killed, 5; enlisted men killed, 12; enlisted men wounded, 85.

March 17. -The enemy having retired during the night moved to Averasborough.

March 18. -Marched all day and all night until 5 a.m. on the 19th, when the command bivouacked until 9. 30 a.m., when it was pushed forward to where the Fourteenth Corps was engaged with the enemy. This brigade was put into a gap in the line of the Fourteenth Corps, where it was engaged from 1 p.m. until late at night.

March 20. -Withdrew from the line of the Fourteenth Army Corps and placed on the extreme left flank. Remained here fortifying until 2 p.m. of the 21st, when the brigade was placed in reserve in rear of the Twentieth Corps line.

March 22. -Marched toward Goldsborough.

March 23. -Crossed the Neuse River after marching ten miles.

March 24. -Marched to Goldsborough, N. C. ; passed through the town and encamped two miles and a half north, where the brigade was in camp on the 31st.

April 1. -This command was in camp at Goldsborough, N. C., drills, parades, &amp;c., having been resumed. The troops were being newly clothed, &c., preparatory to another active campaign.

April 10. -At 5. 30 a.m. the command broke camp and moved through Goldsborough, N. C., on the Goldsborough and Raleigh road, eleven miles.

April 11. -Marched fourteen miles, continuing on this road.

April 12. -Marched seventeen miles, crossing the Neuse River at Smithfield, N. C.

April 13. -Marched seventeen miles, reaching Raleigh at 4. 30 p.m., where the command was encamped and remained until the 22d. The command was reviewed in Raleigh by Major-General Sherman.

April 25. -Again broke camp; moved on the Aven's Ferry road to Jones' Cross-Roads; thirteen miles.

April 26 and 27. -Remained in bivouac at Jones' Cross-Roads.

April 28. -Returned to Raleigh and to the camp formerly occupied by the brigade.

April 30. -Broke camp at 7. 30 a.m. and took up the line of march for Washington, D. C.

May 1. -This brigade, of the Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps (General Sherman's command), was marching north toward Washington. This day the command crossed the Neuse River.

May 2. -Marched sixteen miles.

May 3. -Crossed the Roanoke River; marched twenty-two miles.

May 4. -Marched nineteen miles.

May 5. -Marched nineteen miles.

May 6. -Marched sixteen miles.

May 7. -Crossed the Appomattox, marching sixteen miles.

