
May 8. -Marched thirteen miles.

May 9. -Moved two miles, encamping near Manchester. Here the command remained until the 11th instant.

May 11. -It moved through Manchester and Richmond, marching ten miles.

May 12. -Crossed the Chickahominy.

May 13. -Crossed the South Anna and North Anna River, marching eighteen miles, passing through Ashland.

May 14. -Marched nineteen miles.

May 15. -Crossed the Mattapony River; passed through Spotsylvania Court-House, marching to the battle-field of Chancellorsville, where the command was encamped until the morning of the 16th.

May 16. -It crossed the Rappahannock River, marching twenty-two miles.

May 17. -Marched to Brentsville; seventeen miles.

May 18. -Marched twenty miles to Fairfax Station.

May 19. -Moved toward Alexandria nine miles, and encamped four miles from this place until the 24th instant.

May 24. -Passed through the city of Washington in review before the President and Generals Grant and Sherman. Moved to near Fort Lincoln, D. C., where the command was encamped in pine woodland, occupying the time in preparing muster-out rolls, &amp;c., preparatory to muster out of service.

June 4. -The Fifty-fifth and Seventy-third Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry were transferred to the Fourteenth Army Corps by Special Orders, Numbers 84, headquarters Army of Georgia, dated near Washington, D. C.

June 10. -The Thirty-third Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry was mustered out of service as an organization. Those of the regiment who were not entitled to be mustered out were transferred to the Second Massachusetts Veteran Volunteers.

The Twenty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, those of the regiment who were not entitled to be mustered out being transferred to the Third Wisconsin Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

The One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Volunteer Infantry, those men not entitled to be mustered out being transferred to the Sixtieth New York Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

The Twentieth Connecticut Volunteer Infantry, and those of this regiment not entitled to muster out being transferred to the Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION. *

[January.]-After the downfall of Savannah and this occupation by our troops our command remained in camp near Savannah until the 28th, when command moved on road leading to Sister's Ferry; marched nine miles and encamped.

January 29. -Moved at 7 a.m. ; marched fifteen miles and encamped near Springfield.

January 30. -Moved at 7 a.m. ; marched twenty miles and went into camp.

February 1. -In camp at Sister's Ferry, Ga., awaiting the completion of pontoon bridge over the Savannah.

February 3. -Crossed and moved to Robertsville; thence through Lawtonville and Allendale to the Salkehatchie, where we drove a brigade

---------------

* Commanded by Bvt. Major General Judson Kilpatrick.

---------------

10 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I.

