
of Wheeler's cavalry from position upon the opposite side and entered Barnwell, which, in spite of every effort of the general commanding to prevent it, was laid in ashes.

February 7. -Struck the Charleston and Augusta Railroad at Blackville, from which place the command moved up the railroad toward Augusta slowly, and destroying track reached Johnson's Turnout on the 10th. On the following day the Second Brigade (General Atkins') moved out toward Aiken; met Wheeler's cavalry corps; was repulsed and driven back within the barricade at Johnson's, where the enemy were in turn repulsed, and after several ineffectual attempts to carry our works drew off with considerable loss.

From Johnson's the command moved rapidly toward Columbia.

February 17. -Crossed Saluda River.

February 19. -Crossed Broad River and reached Lancaster on the 23rd, where the command remained two days.

February 28. -Moved seven miles east of the town and encamped for the night.

March 1. -In camp seven miles east of Lancaster.

March 2. -Moved across Lynch's Creek to Blakeney's Cross-Roads; thence through Hornsborough to within ten miles of Wadesborough, N. C. Scouts after severe fighting entered the town.

March 6. -Reached and crossed the Pedee and moved to Rockingham, N. C.

March 9. -In the evening encamped with one brigade at Monroe's Coss-Roads, where the command was surprised the next morning by an attack from Hampton's entire cavalry. For a few moments everything was swept before them, but the men soon rallied, and in the hand-to-hand encounter which followed not only retook their camp, but caused Hampton to withdraw with heavy loss.

March 11. -Went into camp three miles from Fayetteville, where we remained three days.

March 15. -Crossed the Neuse at Fayetteville and moved up the river with more or loss fighting every day.

March 26. -Reached Mount Olive and went into camp.

April 1. -In camp at Mount Olive, N. C. Remained until the 10th, when it broke camp and moved up the river under orders from General Sherman.

April 12. -Struck the enemy's cavalry and the railroad.

April 13. -Received the surrender and entered Raleigh, and moved out to Morrisville, fighting Wheeler's cavalry continuously. Reached Durham's Station, and encamped with one brigade at Chapel Hill for the rest of the month.

[June.]-The command for the month of June has been disposed as follows: The Third Brigade at Raleigh, First Brigade at Lexington with division headquarters, and Second Brigade at Concord. Scouting parties have been sent into all adjoining counties, home guards and local police forces organized, and the civil authority established and protected.

First Brigade, Third Cavalry Division.

February 1. -The brigade was encamped at Sister's Ferry, Ga., where we lay until the 3rd.

February 3. -Crossed the Savannah River into South Carolina on pontoon bridge. From this by daily marches we passed through Robertsville, Allendale, Lawtonville, Barnwell, and Blackville, striking the railroad leading from Charleston to Augusta, at the latter place,

