
driving Hagan's brigade of rebel cavalry from the town. We continued our march along the railroad in the direction of Augusta, skirmishing all the way.

February 10. -Reached Johnson's Station. Here a very severe battle was fought. We remained at this point until the 13th.

February 13. -We moved to Gunter's Bridge, on the North Edisto River, where our passage was disputed by the enemy, but they were driven off.

February 16. -Passed through Lexington, S. C. ; moved toward the Saluda River, which we crossed on the night of the 17th.

February 22. -Struck the Columbia and Charleston Railroad.

February 25. -Reached Lancaster, S. C., where we remained during the remainder of the month.

March 1. -The brigade was encamped at Taylor's Cross-Roads, in Lancaster District, S. C.

March 2. -Took up line of march. Continued day after day, with no fighting of importance until on the morning of the 4th had severe skirmishing north of Chesterfield Court-House, which was continued until we reached the Pedee River, which we crossed on the pontoon bridges of our infantry. We then moved up the river and passed through Rockingham toward Fayetteville, fighting continually until we reached that place (March 12), and found the enemy had evacuated. After resting until March 15, moved toward Raleigh, N. C., in advance of the infantry.

March 16. -Fought the battle of Averasborough.

March 19. -Fought the battle of Bentonville, then moved on to Mount Olive, on the Goldsborough and Wilmington Railroad, where we arrived on the 24th, remaining here during the month in camp.

April 1. -The brigade lay in camp at Mount Olive, N. C. ; the details from it very heavy all the time. Nothing out of the regular routine occurred until April 10, when we broke camp and started on a new campaign. Participated in all the engagements of the cavalry command.

April 13. -Took Raleigh and moved on north to Morrisville Station, fighting all the time.

April 14. -Moved about six miles on the railroad. Ordered to stop; Johnston had communication with General Sherman, asking terms of surrender.

April 15. -Moved again to Durham Station, where we were ordered to remain until the truce between the armies had expired.

April 17. -Received the melancholy news of the assassination of our noble Chief Magistrate. The army mourns. Northing but meetings between the commanding generals of the Federal and rebel armies occurred until the 24th, when we were ordered to resume hostilities.

April 25. -Another meeting occurred which settled the matter. Our command remained at Durham Station during the month.

[May.]-The brigade lay at Durham Station, N. C., until the 4th, when we broke camp and marched for Greensborough, N. C.

May 7. -Reached Greensborough; remained there until May 9, when we broke camp and marched for Lexington, where we arrived on the 11th, where we have remained ever since.

Second Brigade, Third Cavalry Division.

[February.]-During the entire month the brigade was engaged in the recent campaign of the Carolinas. With the exception of one or two cavalry engagements with Wheeler our column moved principally

