
upon the flanks of the main infantry column, guarding and protecting the trains from any sudden dash upon them by the enemy. During the month we marched upward of 400 miles, destroyed a vast amount of property-cotton, cotton-gins, railroad track, and manufacturing establishments of every kind, besides subsisting both men and animals upon the country.

[March.]-During the month we participated in the campaign through the Carolinas.

March 4. -We engaged the enemy near Wadesborough, he attacking us lightly, no casualties occurring. We then saw no more of the enemy until the 16th, at Black Creek, near Averasborough, where we engaged him, driving him until dark, when we went into position, fortifying. Lively skirmishing continued during the night until we were relieved by one brigade of infantry from Twentieth Corps.

March 19. -Again went into position near Bentonville, barricading, where we remained until the 23rd, when, relieving the skirmish line of the Twentieth Corps with Ninety-second Illinois, and finding no enemy in front, we moved to Mount Olive, going into camp, where we remained until April 10.

April 10. -The command moved from Mount Olive.

April 12. -After severe skirmishing with the enemy struck the railroad sixteen miles east of Raleigh.

April 13. -Entered Raleigh, which was formally surrendered to General Kilpatrick by the civil authorities. Passing through the city the march was continued to Morrisville, twelve miles west of Raleigh, where we went into camp for the night.

April 14. -Marched five miles, skirmishing constantly with the enemy, when we halted and encamped. These were the last hostile shots fired by the brigade.

April 17. -The command moved to Chapel Hill, where it now remains (April 30).

May 2. -Left Chapel Hill en route for Concord, N. C., leaving one company of the Tenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry to guard the town.

May 3. -Marched from Hillsborough to Company's Shops.

May 5. -Reached Greensborough, where we remained until the morning of the 11th, when we started for Lexington.

May 13. -The Tenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry was ordered to Salem, N. C., and there remain until further orders.

May 14. -Left Lexington and arrived at Concord the 16th, where the command now [May 31] remains.

May 26. -A detachment from the Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, consisting of two commissioned officers and sixty-two enlisted men, left Concord for Chesterville, S. C., to guard that section of the country.

May 29. -One hundred men from the Ninth Michigan Cavalry started for Transylvania and Henderson Counties to protect the people from guerrilla parties and to organize home guards.

CENTER (ARMY OF THE OHIO). *

March 8. -Upham's brigade surprised and captured near West Creek, N. C.

March 10. -Battle of Kinston; enemy repulsed.

March 21. -Occupied Goldsborough, N. C., with slight opposition.

March 23 and 24. -Formed junction with forces of Major-General Sherman at Goldsborough.

---------------

* Or Department of North Carolina, commanded by Major General John M. Schofield.

---------------

