
March 24. -By order of Major-General Schofield that portion of the command on the north side of the Neuse crossed to the south bank and encamped for the night.

March 25. -The command marched to Faison's Station, on the Weldon railroad (sixteen miles), and remained at that point during the remainder of the month, the Third Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, and the First U. S. Colored Troops, of the Third Division, Twenty-fifth Army Corps, garrisoning the railroad between Faison's Station and Northeast River.

Second Brigade, First Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps.

February 1 to 11. -We were camped near Flag Pond Battery, Federal Point, N. C., strengthening our line of works and doing picket duty.

February 11. -Made a reconnaissance of the enemy's line of works; captured a strong line of works and sixty-five of the enemy. We here established our picket-line about 400 yards from the enemy's main work.

February 19. -Having received information from deserters that the enemy had evacuated their works in our front, we were ordered to advance in heavy marching order. Advanced on the enemy and took their line of works about daylight, capturing some few prisoners. Followed the enemy about seven miles on the Myrtle Sound road, when we threw up breast-works and bivouacked for the night.

February 20. -Marched eight miles-three miles on the Myrtle Sound; then took ---- for two miles; then up telegraph road for two miles and bivouacked for the night.

February 21. -Advanced about half a mile; took position on right of road behind breast-works previously thrown up by General Ames' division; light skirmishing through the day; enemy threw a few shells.

February 22. -Advanced about 10 a.m. ; found the enemy's works in our front evacuated; passed through the line of works in front of Wilmington about 12 m. ; passed through the city and overtook the enemy's rear guard at Smith's Creek, about one mile from Wilmington, where they were endeavoring to destroy the bridge; drove them from the bridge, extinguished the fire and repaired it; followed them; overtook their rear guard about two miles from Northeast Ferry; drove them across ferry, capturing the pontoon bridge; kept up a sharp fire during the night to keep them from retaking it. During the night threw up a line of pits. Remained at Northeast Ferry until March 1, during which time received some 10,000 paroled prisoners from the enemy.

[March.]-During the month four regiments of the brigade have been stationed at Wilmington, N. C. ; the Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery stationed at Fort Fisher, Fort Caswell, and Smithville; the Sixth and Seventh Connecticut Volunteers and Third and Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers perform the guard duty in and about the city and furnish a guard of 150 men for Brunswick County and 100 men at Northeast Ferry. During the month there have been received at the post several thousand white and colored refugees from North and South Carolina. Nearly all of the colored have been sent to Fort Anderson, Fort Fisher, and Smithville to work abandoned plantations. A large portion of the whites have been sent North. The brigade is in as healthy condition as it has been at any time during the past year.

