
March 16. -Revile was sounded at 5. 30 a.m., and the brigade was formed in line at 7 o'clock and marched to Rocky Creek, where it halted for the night.

March 17. -Took up the line of march at 6 a.m. ; halted at 2 m. at South Washington, where it remained until 11 a.m. on the morning of the 18th, when we again took up the line of march; halted at dark and bivouacked in the woods.

March 19. -At 6 a.m. the march was resumed and continued until dark, when we halted for the night.

March 20. -Began the march at 6 a.m. ; halted at 3 p.m. at Cox's Creek, where it remained until the morning of the 24th, when it moved back to Faison's Station, on the railroad, where it remains at the time of forwarding this report.

Third Brigade, Second Division.

February 11. -The brigade broke camp at Fort Fisher, N. C., and marched about five miles to the front.

February 14. -At night marched in advance on an expedition about eight miles on the beach toward Masonborough inlet with pontoon train, returning next morning.

February 17. -In the morning marched to Federal Point and embarked on steamer for Smithville; same afternoon marched on Fort Anderson. February 19. -Arrived there in the evening.

February 20. -Again embarked on steamer and sailed up Cape Fear River about five miles, landing on the opposite shore in the morning, and marched the remainder of the day toward Wilmington.

February 22. -Marched through Wilmington, N. C., and came up with the enemy's rear guard at dark at Northeast Station, N. C., about ten miles beyond the city. Remained here the remainders of the month doing picket and the usual routine of camp duties.

March 15. -The brigade broke camp near Wilmington, N. C., and marched to Cox's Bridge, N. C.

March 21. -Reached that point.

March 25. -Renewed the march in the morning and arrived at Faison's Station. N. C., on the evening of the same day.

March 27. -Renewed the march in the morning.

March 28. -Arrived at Magnolia, N. C., in the evening. Since that time the brigade has been engaged in guarding the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad from Northeast Station, N. C., to Magnolia, and the usual routine of camp duties.

TENTH ARMY CORPS. *

April 1 to 10. -The First Division was encamped at New Berne, N. C., and the Second and Third Divisions were encamped at Faison's Station, N. C.

April 10. -The headquarters First Division and Third Brigade proceed to Goldsborough, N. C., by rail, and Brevet Major-General Birge assumed command of the post. The First Brigade remained at Morehead City and the Second Brigade at Wilmington. The Second and Third Divisions broke camp at Faison's Station on the 10th and marched to Raleigh without opposition.

April 15. -Arrived there and encamped, and the Second Division remained until the end of the month. The Third Division remained in

---------------

*Commanded by Major General Alfred H. Terry.

---------------

