
Raleigh until the 29th, when they received orders to relieve General Birge, at Goldsborough, and marched for that place on the 29th.

April 27. -The First and Third Brigades, First Division, under command of Bvt. Major General H. W. Birge, U. S. Volunteers, were ordered to Savannah, Ga. The Second Brigade, First Division, has been encamped in and around the city of Wilmington, N. C.,

performing picket, railroad, and garrison duty from Fort Fisher to Magnolia, N. C. Part of the command has occupied Forts Caswell and Anderson and Smith's Island, mouth of Cape Fear River. The Second Division has been performing garrison duty in and about Raleigh, N. C., during the past month.

May. -The Third Division broke camp near the Neuse River and marched to Goldsborough, N. C., where it has since been performing garrison duty.

First Division.

May 3. -The headquarters of the division, with the First and Second Brigades, concentrated at Morehead City and proceeded by sea to Savannah, Ga.

The First Brigade forms part of the garrison of the city of Augusta, Ga., and the Third Brigade part of the garrison of Savannah. The Second Brigade probably remains at Wilmington, N. C.

Second Brigade, First Division.

[April.]. -During the month the brigade has performed the guard duty of the city of Wilmington, garrison duty of Forts Fisher; Caswell, Anderson, and other defenses of the Cape Fear River; also picketed the railroad between Magnolia and the city of Wilmington. Nothing aside from the general routine of post duty has transpired.

[May.]-Since the 1st have been encamped in and around the city of Wilmington, performing picket, railroad, and garrison duty from Fort Fisher to Magnolia, N. C. Part of the command has occupied Forts Caswell and Anderson and Smith's Island, mouth of Cape Fear River.

[June.]-During the present month has been performing garrison duty at Goldsborough, N. C.

Second Division.

[April.]-This division has been doing garrison duty in and around Raleigh, N. C., during the past month.

[May.]-During present month has been performing garrison duty in and around Raleigh, N. C.

Second Brigade, Second Division.

The monthly report for March left the brigade encamped at Faison's Depot, where it remained until April 10.

April 10. -At 6 a.m. the brigade was formed in line in rear of the First Brigade and marched until 5 p.m., when it was halted and bivouacked in a field for the night.

April 11. -Took up the line of march in the morning at 6 o'clock and moved forward to Bentonville, which was reached at 11 a.m. ; were detained until 3 p.m. to build a bridge, at which time it again moved forward; halted at sunset for the night.

