
April 12. -This brigade, acting as guard for the wagon train, did not march until dark, when it moved forward to Black Creek, which was reached at 1 a.m. of the 13th.

April 14. -Marched at 6 a.m. and halted for the night about nine miles from the city of Raleigh.

April 15. -The march was resumed at daylight and halted at the outskirts of the city, where it remains at the time [April 30] of forwarding this report.

Third Brigade, Second Division.

April 9. -This brigade broke camp at Magnolia, N. C., and marched by way of Faison's and Bentonville to Raleigh.

April 18. -Arrived there in the evening.

April 20. -The brigade was assigned to duty as garrison for the city of Raleigh, and has been engaged since that time in performing the duties incident thereto.

[May.]-This brigade has been engaged during the month in performing the duties as garrison for the city of Raleigh, N. C.

Third Division.

April 10. -The division broke camp at Faison's Depot, N. C., and marched northwestward toward Bentonville.

April 11. -Passed Bentonville, and with easy marches the three following days arrived at Raleigh, N. C., on the afternoon of the 14th instant. The troops went into camp about a mile south of the city.

April 16. -In the morning the camp of the First and Third Brigades was removed to better ground.

April 20. -The division again broke camp and marched through Raleigh, N. C., passing in review before Major-General Sherman. After the review encamped near the main Smithfield road, about two miles from the city.

April 29. -Marched from Raleigh and reached the Neuse River at Smithfield at 8. 30 a.m. ; forded the river at that point and marched seven miles and encamped.

May 1. -In the morning the division broke camp near the Neuse River and marched to Goldsborough, where it is now encamped.

June 4. -The division moved by rail from Goldsborough to New Berne, N. C. The Fourteenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery was assigned to the division and assigned to the First Brigade.

June 5. -The First Brigade moved by rail to Morehead City, the headquarters of the brigade to Beaufort, N. C., where it is now encamped, with the exception of the First U. S. Colored Troops, which is stationed at Roanoke Island, N. C. The Second Brigade encamped in the vicinity of New Berne, where it still remains, with the exception of the Thirty-ninth U. S. Colored Troops, which stopped at Kinston, N. C., until the 25th, when it came to New Berne, N. C.

The Third Brigade moved by rail to Wilmington, N. C., where it is now encamped.

First Brigade, Third Division.

April 9. -Marched from Faison's Station, N. C.

April 15. -Reached Raleigh and encamped.

April 20. -Command reviewed by Major-General Sherman.

