
February 18. -Sail early in the morning; delayed by ice.

February 20. -Reach New Inlet, N. C., at dark.

February 21. -Move around the shoals and enter the mouth of Cape Fear River.

February 22. -Land at Smithville, N. C. ; at dark reship for Wilmington, N. C., leaving baggage behind under guard; Wilmington evacuated.

February 23. -Reach Wilmington at 7 a.m. ; disembark command, stack arms on the wharf, and remain till near noon; then march through town and encamp about one mile out to the left of Second Brigade and right of Third Division, with an interval between them.

February 24. -On account of bad weather a part of the command transferred to the barracks in Camp Jackson.

February 25 and 26. -Remain in camp.

February 27. -Cross the river to Manchester Depot.

February 28. -Colonel S. A. Strickland, Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, assumed command of the brigade in place of General McLean, transferred to command of Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

March 1 to 3. -Brigade in camp at Manchester Depot on west bank of Cape Fear River.

March 4. -Brigade crosses Cape Fear River and encamped one mile and a half east of Wilmington, N. C.

March 5. -Remain in camp near Wilmington, N. C.

March 6. -Brigade marched at 6 a.m., Second Division in advance; at night went into camp; distance marched, eleven miles.

March 7. -Marched at 6 a.m., Third Division in advance. The country through which brigade passed to-day is very swampy; went into camp at night, having marched seventeen miles.

March 8. -Marched at 6 a.m., Third Brigade in advance of corps; were delayed three hours by the breaking of a bridge; encamped at night.

March 9. -Marched at 6 a.m. ; marched fifteen miles, going into camp at 3. 30 p.m. ; roads in very bad condition.

March 10. -Marched at 8 a. m., Third Division in advance; were delayed several hours owing to the bad condition of the roads; cannonading heard in the direction of Kinston, N. C.

March 11. -Marched at 2. 30 a.m., passing through a swampy country; went into camp at 4 p.m. ; wagon trains did not arrive at night.

March 12 and 13. -Remain in camp; rebels reported to have evacuated Kinston, N. C.

March 14. -Marched at 7 a.m., Third Brigade in center of division and in rear of artillery; marched four miles and encamped near Neuse River.

March 15. -Remain in camp until 5 p.m. ; then move camp one mile and a half from former position.

March 16. -Remain in camp. A working party of 1,000 men were sent in charge of Colonel Strickland to repair the railroad.

March 17 to 19. -Remain in camp near Kinston, N. C.

March 20. -Marched at 8 a.m. ; crossed Neuse River; marched eleven miles; went into camp; pickets thrown out to cover flanks.

March 21. -March at daylight; marched seventeen miles; at night entered Goldsborough, N. C., which rebel had evacuated in the afternoon.

March 22 to 24. -Remain in camp building a strong line of works in our front.

