
March 9. -Marched twelve miles toward New Berne, N. C.

March 10. -Marched sixteen miles toward New Berne, N. C.

March 11. -Marched sixteen miles toward New Berne, N. C.

March 12. -Marched four miles.

March 13. -In camp.

March 14. -Marched eight miles toward Kinston.

March 15. -Marched about 4. 30 p.m. one mile and a half to Neuse River.

March 16 to 19. -In camp.

March 20. -Marched twenty miles toward Goldsborough.

March 21. -Went into position and intrenched.

March 23 to 31. -In camp at Goldsborough, N. C.

April 1 to 9. -Brigade in camp at Goldsborough, N. C.

April 10. -Marched, and when half a mile on Raleigh road order countermanded.

April 11. -Marched eight miles in direction of Smithville, guarding trains.

April 12. -Marched eight miles in direction of Smithville, guarding trains.

April 13. -Marched five miles and encamped near Turner's Bridge.

April 14. -Marched eighteen miles in direction of Raleigh, N. C.

April 15. -Marched ten miles and encamped near Raleigh, N. C.

April 16 and 17. -In camp near Raleigh.

April 18. -Moved camp from south side to north side of town.

April 19. -In camp near Raleigh.

April 20 to 30. -In camp near Raleigh, N. C.

[May.]-This command moved by rail to Greensborough from Raleigh, N. C., since with time the Eighth Tennessee Volunteers have been ordered to Company's Shops, North Carolina Railroad, twenty mils distant from this place; One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteers provost guard in Greensborough; one company, Twelfth Kentucky Veteran Volunteer Infantry, stationed at Rockingham, N. C., twenty-eight miles west of this post.

[June.]-Brigadier-General Schofield having been assigned to command of Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, Colonel A. T. Wilcox, One hundred and seventy-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, was temporarily assigned to command First Brigade (late Second), Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. Being mustered out with his regiment, Colonel James Stewart, Jr., Ninth New Jersey Volunteers, assumed command, being assigned to command Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, Special Orders, Numbers 98, Twenty-third Army Corps. Colonel W. S. Stewart ordered to assume command by Special Orders, Numbers 98, Twenty-third Army Corps. The One hundred and seventy-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry mustered out by Orders, Numbers 72, Department of North Carolina; Sixty-fifth Indiana Volunteers mustered out by Special Orders, Numbers 72, Department of North Carolina; One hundred and third Ohio Volunteer Infantry mustered out by Special Orders, Numbers 72, Department of North Carolina.

June 28. -Seventeenth Massachusetts assigned to First Brigade (late Second).

Second Brigade, Third Division.

January 17. -Shipped [at Clifton, Tenn.] on board transports for Cincinnati, where the brigade disembarked and moved by rail to Washington, D. C., where it arrived January 27.

