
pital. This delivery was wholly unexpected, and the district was almost without proper material to care for them properly. They were in a frightful condition in all respect, and a camp or jail fever broke out among them. Besides, there were all the sick of the commands of Major-General Schofield and Terry, and when Major General Sherman's columns reached Fayetteville he sent down 6,000 or 7,000 miserably destitute refugees, white and black, and 1,000 or 2,000 sick and wounded soldiers. All the supplies that the rebels had left were seized; citizens and citizen physicians were set at work; a heavy force of contrabands were set at work cleaning the city (perhaps the dirtiest ever seen); requisitions were made for supplies, and the surgeons, Doctors Barnes and Buzzell (Third New Hampshire), who died of fever contracted in the hospitals, and Doctor Jarvis (Seventeenth Connecticut), successively in charge, labored faithfully. During March about- were treated in hospital; - died.

A portion of the white refugees were sent to New York, as directed by General Sherman. A few blacks were sent to South Carolina-perhaps 500. A large colony of blacks was established at Fort Anderson, and the usual efforts made to get them food, clothing, and work.

Brevet Brigadier-General Abbott (with four regiments) was assigned to the command of Wilmington; the battalion of the Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery was sent down the river; Major Prince to command at Fort Fisher; Captain Beach at Fort Caswell, and Captain Sheppard at Smithville.

A company of engineers, under Captain McClure, assisted by a force of contrabands, was set at work on the railroad bridge over Smith's Creek (Wilmington and Weldon Railroad), 280 feet long, and it was rebuilt substantially before the regular construction train could get around from Goldsborough to finish the Northeast Bridge. Captured cotton, tobacco, &amp;c., were collected and turned over to the treasury agent and afterward to the quartermasters.

During the month about 7,000 men in detachments and provisional organizations reported here and were sent forward to Goldsborough and the front.

A large amount of stores accumulated here, and the commands of Generals Terry and Kilpatrick were chiefly supplied hence before they started for Raleigh.

[May.]-No important events occurred during the month. The organization of a company of police guard in each county was completed. A great many refugees (white and back) and paroled and released rebels were sent off toward their homes, public property gathered in, soldiers mustered out from their hospitals, &c. The duties incident to such a district kept the forces busy. Major-General Sherman and Chief Justice Chase visited the district during the month.

