
are temporarily encamped at Jacksonville, in charge of Major Thompson, provost-marshal-general Department of the South.

April 30. -Received form department headquarters and published to the district information of the resumption of hostilities and end of the armistice.

May 13. -Detachment of One hundred and Seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry and Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry left district on steamer Delaware.

May 14. -General E. M. McCook, commanding First Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, visited Jacksonville from Tallahassee.

May 18 and 19. -Major General Q. A. Gillmore, U. S. Volunteers, Chief Justice S. P. Chase, and other high officials visited Jacksonville, Saint Augustine, and Fernandina.

May 17 to 20. -Confederate troops in Florida surrendered to Brigadier-General Vogdes, in compliance with terms agreed upon between Generals Johnston and Sherman. Paroled by Captain McHenry, assistant adjutant-general, at Baldwin, Lake City, and Waldo, Fla.

May 22. -General Samuel Jones and staff arrived at Jacksonville from Tallahassee en route for Petersburg, Va. ; Seventh U. S. Infantry, Colonel H. D. Wallen, arrived at Jacksonville from the Head. Steamer Delaware beached and wrecked on or near Saint John's Bar.

May 29 to 31. -General Vogdes and staff visited Tallahassee, Lake City, and other points on the Florida Central Railroad. Three companies Seventh U. S. Infantry sent to relieve the volunteer troops at Fernandina.

May 31. -Colonel Wallen, with seven companies Seventh U. S. Infantry, sent to relieve the volunteer forces at Saint Augustine.

June 7. -Five companies of the Seventh Connecticut Volunteer transferred to Jacksonville from Saint Augustine. Colonel W. W. Marple, Thirty-fourth U. S. Colored Volunteers, relieved from command of Jacksonville by Captain Apthorp, Thirty-fourth U. S. Colored Volunteers, and sent to Tallahasse to relieve General Tilghman from command of that post.

June 15. -The Twelfth Maine Veteran Volunteers (Colonel Kimball) reached Jacksonville on the Emilie from Darien, Ga., on their way to Thomasville, Ga.

June 16 and 17. -Jeff. Davis' private trunk rifle, and two large boxes containing his private papers were seized near Waldo, Fla., and brought to Jacksonville by Captain Bryant, assistant provost-marshal District of Florida, acting under General Vodges' directions (Sent to Hilton Head, headquarters Department of the South.) Senator Yulee and Honorable A. K. Allison, of Florida, sent to Fort Pulaski, Ga.

June 19. -Brigadier-General Newton, U. S. Volunteers, assumed command of the State of Florida by virtue of seniority.

June 20. -Three companies of the Seventeenth Connecticut Volunteers arrived at Jacksonville from Lake City.

June 22. -Two companies of the Seventeenth Connecticut Volunteers reached Jacksonville from Tallahassee, this regiment being now collected at Jacksonville in readiness to leave district for muster out of service.

June 24 and 25. -General Voges visited Fernandina.

The command of the district, as a part of the Department of the South, was not relinquished by Brigadier-General Vogdes until July 10, after he had received official notice from General Gillmore of his receipt of the order transferring the State to the Department of the Gulf.

