
Provisional Brigade.

May 7. -The brigade moved from Charleston, S. C., and camped in the vicinity of Bacon Bridge.

May 8. -Moved to Summervile; detachments were stationed at Ridgeville and Four-Hole Swamp.

May 18. -The One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops moved to Branchville, and the Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers to Orangeburg.

May 19. -Sent the Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers to Orangeburg.

May 20. -Sent the Fifty-fourth New York Volunteers to Orangeburg, and moved brigade headquarters to that place.

May 23. -Sent Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers to Columbia. The railroads is now repaired to within one mile of this place, and the work is rapidly progressing, as also the work of repairing the telegraph to Columbia.

District of Port Royal.

May 13. -Districts of Hilton Head and Beaufort consolidated to form the District of Port Royal.

May 15. -Posts of Hilton Head and Beaufort established. Lieutenant-Colonel Guernsey, in command of Twenty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, dispatched from post of Beaufort to Pocotaligo, S. C., to investigate alleged prevalence of guerrillas and maintain quiet among the inhabitants.

District of Savannah, Ga.

January 7. -The division* moved from Camp Sheridan, Va., by rail to Camp Carroll, Baltimore, Md. The troops here embarked as fast as steamers could be got ready, and January 14 the headquarters embarked.

January 20. -Arrived at Savannah, Ga., where the division now is.

[March.]-During the month the Second and Third Brigades, Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, have been ordered away from the district, and three regiments of colored troops sent here. Since then two regiments of the colored troops were ordered away and the One hundred and thirty U. S. Colored Regiment added to the command. [April.]-Captain Oliver Matthews, assistant adjutant-general, assigned to duty with the general commanding by Special Orders, Numbers 152, Adjutant-General's Office, War Department. Surg. J. Trenor, U. S. Volunteers, assigned to duty as chief medical officer, District of Savannah, by General Orders, Numbers 94, Department of the South.

Dwight's Division.

June 1. -The First Brigade embarked at Washington for Savannah, Ga.

June 5. -The Second Brigade embarked at Washington for Savannah, Ga.

June 25. -The Third Brigade embarked at Washington for Savannah, Ga.

June 27. -The headquarters of the division embarked at Washington for Savannah, Ga., arriving at mouth of Savannah River on the 30th.

---------------

*Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps.

---------------

