
bridge was thrown across Whale Branch, and fully one-quarter of the

road thence to Pocotaligo was corduroyed. On the 1st of February the movement from Sister's Ferry and Pocotaligo commenced, the enemy at that time endeavoring to hold the line of the Salkehatchie. The Left Wing moved toward Duck Branch Post-Office, and the Right Wing by the two roads between the Salkehatchie and the Coosawhatchie, the Seventeenth Corps being directed on Rivers' Bridge and the Fifteenth Corps on Duck Branch Cross-Roads, with a division thrown out to Angley's Post-Office. On the night of the 3rd of February the enemy's position at Rivers' Bridge was carried by a portion of the seventeenth Army Corps. On the 4th the Fifteenth Army Corps reached Buford's (or Beaufort's) Bridge and found it destroyed, the enemy having evacuated his works at this point. Twenty-two bridges, scattered over a mile of swamp, and averaging about twenty-five feet in length, were rebuilt during the night and the whole road through the swamp was corduroyed. The Left Wing with the cavalry on its left flank continued its march direct on Barnwell. On February 7 the Charleston and Augusta Railroad was reached at Midway by the Seventeenth Army Corps, at Bamberg by the Fifteenth Army Corps, at Graham's by the Twentieth Corps, and at Blacksville by the Fourteenth Corps, with the cavalry on its left.

The pontoon train of the Right Wing was pushed forward toward, and all the infantry of the entire army, together with the Michigan Engineers, were put at work destroying the railroad. This was effectually done, all water-tanks, engines, and machinery of all kinds destroyed to include the Edisto bridge and Williston, and partially destroyed between Williston and Johnson's.

During the night of the 9th a pontoon bridge was thrown at Binnaker's, and the enemy driven away from the position he had taken to dispute the crossing. Another pontoon bridge was thrown at Holman's, and all our force was across by the evening of the 11th, the Left Wing crossing at Duncan's and Guignard's Bridges. The Right Wing moved direct upon Orangeburg. The enemy opposed the crossing of the North Fork of the Edisto River, but, as usual, he was driven away and three pontoon bridges built, one on the main Orangeburg road, and the other two at Shilling's Bridge. The seventeenth Corps occupied Orangeburg and destroyed the railroad thence to and including the Congaree River bridge. The Left Wing, meanwhile, was moving toward Columbia by the nearest roads. The Right Wing now directed its march toward Columbia, and after some opposition at Thomas' Creek and Congaree Creek, where the enemy was found well intrenched, arrived at a point opposite the city on the 16th of February. The bridges over the Saluda, Broad, and Congaree were all found to have been burned. A pontoon bridge was built at the Saluda River bridge, near the factory, and a portion of the Fifteenth Corps crossed during the night. The Left Wing pontoon bridge was built over the Saluda at Zion Church, nine and one-half miles above Columbia, and some force crossed. On the 17th a pontoon bridge was built just above the ruins of the former bridge over Broad River, three miles above Columbia, and the Right Wing crossed to the north bank and occupied the city, the greater part of which was burned during the night. Many reasons are given for this flagrant violation of General Sherman's orders, but, as far as I could judge, it was principally due to the fact that the citizens gave liquor to the troops until they were crazily drank and beyond the control of their officers. The burning cotton, fired by retreating rebels, and the presence of a large number of escaped

