
state of health, very favorable to rapid recovery from wounds. From this point all have been or will be sent to New Berne, where they will have good hospital accommodations until they can be sent North.

The duration of this campaign has been about sixty days; the distance marched about 450 miles. Forty-eight days were spent in actual marching, and the average, notwithstanding bad roads and the necessity of bridging most of the streams, has been about ten miles. Some of the corps made on emergencies as much as twenty-five miles in a day. No part of the regular ration was issued on the campaign except sugar, coffee, and salt; everything else was obtained from the country by regularly detailed foragers. A great part of the march was through a region sparsely settled, an unbroken flat and sandy region, yielding little in return to the farmer. But our foraging parties would go to distances of five or ten miles from the road, and always returned loaded with bacon, poultry, and flour or meal. The people of the country soon discovered that when our soldiers brought together everything that could be used in our army that there was a very considerable supply where they supposed nothing could be found. Very great sagacity was shown by our soldiers in discovering provisions and other articles hidden in the earth. Of course, such a march as this, with two or three weeks' continuous rain, over a country interspersed with swamps and widespread marshes, with an unusual number of broad and difficult rivers to be crossed, and a watchful enemy read to give annoyance at every available opportunity, could not be accomplished without much hardship, and determined and patient endurance on the part of the men; but that this has not injured them is shown by the very small number of sick. The average percentage of sick during the campaign, in an army of 65,000 men, has been a fraction over 2 per cent; unquestionably much less than if they had been lying quietly in garrison. The open air, freedom from drunkenness and other vices inseparable from garrison life, but most of all the novelty and excitement of an active campaign on which every man knows that important results depends, are among the causes of better health of the men in the field; and again the variety and abundance of food and possibly the irregular and predatory method of obtaining it, may have something to do with their better sanitary condition; and lastly, but not least influential, is being led by a general in whom they have unlimited confidence. On the march the on hospitals was kept up and found to work well. All men from the regiments requiring hospital treatment were sent to the hospital of the division at the morning "sick call," and were taken under charge of the surgeon in charge whom remain permanently with the hospital. The wagons and ambulances of the division train move together, and in the evening the commander of the division indicates the place for encamping the hospital, and the surgeon in charge, with his ambulance men and attendants, sees to the prompt pitching of the tents and the removal of the sick or wounded from the ambulances and that they are fed and made comfortable. This is a complete organization, and secures more comfort to those in hospital without the trouble of making daily details from the regiments for pitching hospital tents and having them in the way of those who are well. The hospital attendants on the march do the foraging for their hospital. After the two last battles some inconvenience was felt, owing to the deficiency of ambulances. Most of those in use in this army were supplied during the first year of the war and are worn out. One hundred new ones have been received here. No instance of any serious neglect of duty on the part of the

