
attention to the figures of Surgeon Moore. The number of wounded men is much less than the aggregate reported by the colonels of regiments, who naturally report slight wounds that do not come to the knowledge of surgeons, to make the best showing of hard fighting. I cheerfully bear testimony to the skill and professional merits of the medical officers with this army. Quiet, industrious, and most skillful, they attend the wounded almost on the skirmish line, move them to the field hospitals, and afterward transport them with a care that entitles them to all honor.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

Numbers 9. Reports of Major General Oliver O. Howard, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Tennessee, or Right Wing.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., April 9, 1865.

Major General W. H. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington:

GENERAL: I now have the honor to send herewith the report of Major General O. O. Howard, commanding Right Wing, with those of his two corps commanders, Generals Logan and Blair. These are all full and clear, with full statistical tables. I indorse the recommendations made by them for the well-earned promotions of the officers therein named. This completes the official reports of the campaign from Savannah to Goldsborough, and if they fail in the proper details and arrangement of parts you must attribute it to the fact that every moment of our time since reaching Goldsborough has been employed in preparation for what is to follow. To-morrow at daybreak the whole army will be in motion on Raleigh.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Goldsborough, N. C., April 1, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the Army of the Tennessee, constituting the Right Wing of General Sherman's army, for the campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C.: *

On the 1st day of January of this year the general-in-chief, Major-General Sherman, laid before me the plan that he proposed for the coming campaign. The part assigned to me contemplated the moving of a whole or a part of the Right Wing to Beaufort, S. C., to occupy Pocotaligo by the 15th of January, while the Left Wing crossed the savannah at Sister's Ferry and moved to Robertsville. I expressed my fear that it would be impossible to transport my whole force in the time required, whereupon the general decided that one corps would be sufficient, and that the rest could cross the Savannah and form a junction with me at Pocotaligo after I had occupied that place. With this understanding Special Field Orders, Numbers 1, were issued from your headquarters. I set about the work at once, procuring assistance in the

---------------

*For maps accompanying this report, see Plate LXXVI, map 3; Plate LXXIX, maps 2 and 3; Plate CXX, map 2, of the Atlas.

---------------

