
way of transportation from the Department of the South, Major-General Foster commanding, and also from the naval force under Admiral Dahlgren, operating at that time in the vicinity of Savannah. The army boats were promptly and cheerfully furnished, and, being adapted to transporting both troops and army material, had to be relied on mainly. Admiral Dahlgren and his officers, however, promptly furnished what gun-boats they could to ferry over the troops.

General Blair, commanding Seventeenth Corps, commenced moving his corps on the 3rd of January. By the 11th the entire Seventeenth Army Corps and nearly one division of the Fifteenth Corps had arrived at Beaufort Island, whereupon Special Field Orders, Numbers 9, from these headquarters, was issued. The execution of this order was subsequently postponed one day, owing to the delay in the arrival of a part of the transportation and the brigade train. My report to your headquarters from the field near Pocotaligo is as follows:

NEAR POTOTALICO, S. C.,

January 14, 1865-6. 30 p.m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

GENERAL: The Seventeenth Corps, followed by one brigade of the Fifteenth, crossed Whale Branch at Port Royal Ferry at daylight this morning. The bridge had been constructed during the night, 600 feet in length, under the cover of a small force that crossed in boats and intrenched. General Blair met the enemy in some force occupying a remarkably strong position about one mile to the north of Garden's Corners. Our bridge was so poor, on account of the rotten canvas, that many delays occurred in crossing and closing up, but after the troops were well in hand and the enemy's position reconnoitered General Leggett succeeded in turning the enemy's left flank, when he abandoned his position and fled. The force was quite small, probably not exceeding a regiment, with two pieces of artillery. It was only troublesome on account of the swamp in front of its position. His next fortified position in front of Stony Creek was turned in like manner, so that the enemy did not attempt to make a stand, though along the direction route the works are remarkably complete. We pushed on to Pototaligo, reaching the vicinity just at sundown. The military position there we found similar to every other in this country-a swamp in front, with strong works constructed. The skirmish line developed a strong musketry fire that caused us to loss to the service of several valuable men. our skirmish line pressed up close and developed five or six pieces of artillery, if not more. It was too late in the day for me to attempt the works. General Blair will confront them to-morrow with one division strongly intrenched, while he makes a considerable detour with the other two to turn the position. I have requested General Foster to replace my canvas boats as soon as possible.

Lieutenant Chandler, General Leggett's picket officer, was killed this evening, and Captain Kellogg, doing the same duty on General G. A. Smith's staff, was seriously wounded, at Garden's Corners. Eight or ten will probably cover the casualties of the day.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

The enemy did not continue long enough to necessitate the contemplated attack. He kept up a heavy artillery fire until dark. At daybreak we found he had abandoned his works and retreated. I felt obliged to him, for his position was a hard one to carry, being thoroughly fortified. The main fort had twenty-four embrasures, and the marsh in front of the works was impassable. Three pieces of artillery were afterward found buried near Garden's Corners. The enemy withdrew his infantry across the Salkehatchie and posted it to defend the railroad bridge. General Blair was strongly posted across the railroad and covering the approaches to Pocotaligo. He reconnoitered toward Salkehatchie, opened communication with General Foster's troops at Coosawhatchie, felt forward toward Robertsville, hoping to communicate with General Slocum, and back along the Union Causeway toward Savannah. The brigade of the Fifteenth Army Corps was stationed at

