
of food for men and animals. They were, however, prohibited by the most stringent instructions from disturbing the private houses and taking such things as money, jewelry, watches, and other private property that the imperative necessity of the army did not demand. The inhabitants had cleared away nearly all the produce of the country west of the Salkehatchie. As soon as we had broken this line an abundant supply was open to us. The people were terrified at the extravagant reports regarding us, and buried everything that they could of value. The soldiers became very expert in discovering and exhuming these valuables, and always precaution to check it the system of foraging operated to loosen the restraints of discipline, and many acts were committed that every right-minded officer deprecates.

On Sunday (the 5th of February) my command simply crossed the river at Rivers' and Buford's Bridges, preparatory to advance. The 6th both corps moved to the Little Salkehatchie. General Logan found the enemy in some force at his crossing near Duncansville, but soon dislodged him and then rebuilt to bridge, 100 feet in length. General Blair did the same at the Cowpen Ford, constructing bridges to the extent of 260 feet. During the 7th both corps reached the Augusta and Charleston Railroad, the Fifteenth at Bamberg and the Seventeenth about four miles to the east of Midway. The Seventeenth was hindered en route by barricades, felled trees, and the bridges which were destroyed across Lemon Swamp. Both corps had considerable bad road to corduroy. The road was made worse by a heavy rain all day that had commenced the night before. On arrival at the railroad reconnaissances were made to the several bridges across the Edisto. Holman's Bridge, Binnaker's, Cannon's, the railroad bridge, and Walker's were severally destroyed by the enemy on the approach of our forces. The 8th was spent in destroying the railroad. The Seventeenth Corps destroyed from the Edisto toward Bamberg to a point about half-way between that place and Midway, and the Fifteenth Corps from that point on to Blacksville; whole distance about twenty-four miles. The ties were all burned and the rails for the most part twisted. At this point General Logan's Fourth Division, under General Corse, formed a junction with him. The general-in-chief at this time encamped with the Fifteenth Corps, near Lowry's Station, and there issued his Special Field Orders, Numbers 25, that required me to move on Orangeburg.

Thursday, February 9, General Blair moved his command to the vicinity of Binnaker's Bride, his head of column reaching that place about 12 m. As soon as our troops appeared the enemy opened from an intrenched position on the other side of the river with artillery and musketry. General Mower, who had the advance, immediately constructed a raft, and sending over a few men secured a lodgment on the other bank. By 6 p.m. he had a pontoon laid over which he began to cross his infantry. He pushed on, bearing to the right through a wide swamp, the men often wading through water three feet deep. By 9 p.m. he had gained the mainland and opened a skirmish with the enemy to the left and rear of his intrenched position. The enemy instantly fled, and General Blair had the bridge properly laid in the direction of the main road and a bridge-head constructed. Simultaneously with this movement General Logan had sent General Hazen's division to Holman's Bridge. He had crossed the river and penetrated nearly through the swamp above the old bridge, when he postponed

