
town; also at the depot to prevent the enemy from moving away any more trains. As soon as the bridge could be brought up Captain C. B. Reese, the chief engineer, threw a bridge across the Saluda under the cover of General Hazen's division. At first the enemy's skirmishers gave a little trouble, but our sharpshooters soon drove them back to a less dangerous distance. The mounted infantry crossed the Saluda first, supported by some infantry of General Hazen's division, and pushed on rapidly, driving the enemy across the Broad River. The attempt was to save the bridge, but it failed, since the bridge had been covered with resin and light wood in such manner as to burst instantaneously into a flame, and this occurred even before all the rebel cavalry had passed over. The remnant escaped northward.

General Logan continued the crossing of his corps during the night, whilst he directed General Woods' division to effect a crossing of the Broad. Lieutenant Colonel William Tweeddale, commanding engineers, undertook to get a rope across just above the bridge in order to make a temporary ferry. The current was so exceedingly swift, and the river so wide, that if was very difficult to get the rope to the other shore; finally he drew over a light cord obtained at the factory, and by means of it succeeded in establishing the rope ferry about 3 a.m., when General Woods sent over boat load after boat load of troops, until he had succeeded in ferrying over Colonel Stone's entire brigade. The place where they landed was not the firm ground, but a sort of muddy dike, beyond which there were deep ravines now partially filled with water. The whole bank was covered with wood and thick underbrush. Under this cover the rebels kept a strong skfought with as much obstinacy as at any other point. Our artillery situated on a high bluff and our skirmishers up and down the river aided the brigade thrown over. Colonel Stone gradually extended his skirmish line and then moved forward up the east bank, sweeping everything before him. Several prisoners were taken during the advance. About 10 a.m. the mayor of Columbia, with a flag of truce, met Colonel Stone and formally surrendered the city to him. The general-in-chief had instructed me to destroyed certain public buildings, but to spare institutions of learning, asylums, and private dwellings. I transmitted these instructions to Major General John A. Logan whose troops were to have charge of the city. He directed Major-General Woods to place suitable guards. As soon as the bridge was completed I crossed with General Sherman and rode to the town with him, a distance of about three miles. The ground was dry, the wind blowing hard, so that the dust almost blinded us.

As we entered the city the negroes and many white people collected at the corners of the streets and greeted the general with loud cheering. In the main street was a large quantity of cotton partially consumed by fire. Some men were at work trying to extinguish the fire with a very poor engine. We remarked that the loose cotton was blown about in every direction, and the shade trees were so completely covered with bits of cotton as to remind me of a grove in Maine after a snow storm. The guards were carefully established in different streets, and seemed to be attending to their duty very faithfully. I noticed a few men under the influence of liquor, and immediately directed that they should be placed under guard. I have been thus particular in narrating these preliminary incidents, because there followed one of the most terrific with its inception. Thinking everything was very orderly, and the city police in the best of hands, I selected a house and hoped to get a little rest. But it was hardly dark before a fire broke out in the

