
the Fifteenth Corps encamped with two columns, one at Harrison's Cross-Roads and the other at Longtown. My headquarters were at Harrison's Cross-Roads. The next day the Fifteenth Corps moved in two columns to the vicinity of Peay's Ferry. General Blair continued the destruction of the railroad to Winnsborough, where he joined the work of the Twentieth Corps, and then closed up to Poplar Spring Post-Office. The work of laying the bridge across the Wateree commenced at 1 p.m. Our crossing at that point did not seem to be anticipated. Here we found the country high and rolling and the banks of the river quite steep. General Logan crossed two of his divisions after the completion of the bridge.

Thursday, the 23rd of February, the Fifteenth Corps reached Flat Rock with its head of column. The Seventeenth Corps crossed the river and encamped near Liberty Hill with the mounted infantry at Russell Place. My headquarters, with one brigade for guard, took an intermediate position near Patterson's Cross-Roads. Before General Blair completed his crossing of the Wateree a heavy rain commenced and continued all the following night and the next day. The soil which was hard during fair weather, became slippery and muddy, so that it was with extreme difficulty that the teams were worked up the steep hills. The 24th General Blair continued his march via Russell Place, and, finding a straight road from Rossel Place to Flat Rock, he undertook that route, but getting into an impassable quicksand was obliged to turn back and move farther south. His head of column at night was about five miles from Flat Rock. Meanwhile General Logan had moved the Fifteenth Corps in three columns, one, via McDowell's Mill, a point between Williams' and West's Cross-Roads, and the left column by an upper route to the same point, and the right column, consisting of two divisions, to a point on Saunders' Creek. The rain and bad roads had prevented the complete accomplishment of each order of march, so that the troops were somewhat scattered. The country, after passing Flat rock, was for the most part sandy, with pine forests, filled with numerous roads and cross-roads. The rebel cavalry here annoyed us considerably, capturing some of our foragers and a few wagons from General John E. Smith's division. The next day, February 25, the Fifteenth Corps continued substantially in the same position, except that the right column closed up to within about twelve or thirteen miles of Tiller's Bridge. Two regiments of General Corse's division had entered Camden en route and destroyed a quantity of cotton and public stores. Afterward a party of mounted men, under charge of Captain Duncan, by my direction destroyed the Camden bridge and depot and a quantity of cotton.

The Seventeenth Corps reached Hough's Bridge over the Little Lynch. The pontoon train with its guard closed up to the vicinity of Williams' Cross-Roads. During the day General Logan had sent forward his mounted infantry with instructions to secure Tiller's Bridge. They surprised and captured a camp of about 100 rebel militia, partly armed and partly not.

The next day, the 26th, General Blair moved to Young's Bridge, across the Lynch, and General Logan marched in two columns, one to Tiller's Bridge and the other to Kelly's Bridge.

My headquarters were with the central column. The Lynch was fringed with the usual swamps. The bridges across the main creek were saved, but owing to the freshet the water had risen so as to flood the country for nearly a mile outside the river bed.

