
forward, via McDonald's, to within thirteen of fourteen miles of Cheraw. The Fifteenth Corps now having come up within supporting distance of the Seventeenth, the command was pushed forward rapidly on the 3rd of March toward Cheraw. General Blair encountered only cavalry, drove them across Thompson's Creek so rapidly as to save the bridge, his men stamping out the fire already kindled. The rebels were pushed by General Mower's division to and through the town of Cheraw, skirmishing all the way. They succeeded in destroying the Cheraw bridge in spite of us. We now learned that the Left Wing had driven back the rebel cavalry from Chesterfield the evening before, and this had determined Hardee to withdraw rapidly from Cheraw. The citizens represented that he had 20,000 men. He had constructed a remarkably strong bridge-head for artillery and infantry, commanding our approaches to Thompson's Creek, but this could do him no good after his line had been broken at Chesterfield. General Blair captured 28 pieces of artillery, between 2,000 and 3,000 stand of small-arms, and a large quantity of ammunition. The general-in-chief, who had been with the Left Wing, joined us at Cheraw March 4, 1865. The pontoon was laid over the Pedee directly opposite the town, and General Mower's division, of the Seventeenth Corps, was sent over to take up a position on the other side.

An expedition was organized under the command of Colonel Williams, of the Twelfth Indiana, consisting of the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, and such mounted foragers as General Logan could send. This force was directed to destroy the depots, trestle-work, bridges, &amp;c., as far as Florence, and, if possible, destroy the public buildings and stores at that place, and then return to Cheraw.

Monday, March 6, 1865, I was instructed by General Sherman to make short marches in order to give the Left Wing the lead toward Fayetteville, and, as some of the divisions were short of breadstuffs, the first two marches were arranged accordingly.

General Blair moved to Bennettsville and used the mills in that vicinity, while General Logan encamped his command some four or five miles from the river, using Easterling's, Goodwin's, and several other mills in that neighborhood.

Another terrible accident occurred at Cheraw similar to that at Columbia. It was a premature explosion at the place where a large quantity of powder and shells had been collected for the purpose of being destroyed. General Woods' infantry was resting near by at the time and a number of teams waiting to cross the river. The

explosion was very loud and shook the ground for miles. One officer and three men killed, and several men wounded, many quite seriously. The teams were stampeded, and several teamsters were badly injured.

Tuesday, March 7, 1865, the next march, was without special incident. Seventeenth Corps moved toward Fayetteville to beaver Dam Creek. Fifteenth Corps, one column to Brightsville, and the other to a point where the direct road intersects Crooked Creek. March 8, two columns of the Fifteenth Corps united at Laurel Hill, sending forward mounted men to secure and hold Gilchrist's Bridge, if possible. The Seventeenth Corps moved to Stewartsville, pushing one division across the Lumber River at Campbell's Bridge. During the march of to-day we crossed the line from South into North Carolina. We found plenty of forage, and there seemed to be an improvement in the way of churches and school-houses. General Sherman's headquarters, General Logan's and mine were near Laurel Hill Church. The building is large, commodious, and in good repair, notwithstanding the evident scarcity of

