
the direct Goldsborough road. My disencumbered divisions, which were the four of General Logan's corps, took the road next south, while General Blair, with the pontoon train and surplus headquarters wagons, pursued the route via Owensville. General Logan's head of column, General Corse leading, reached South River on Wednesday, the 15th. He found the enemy's cavalry occupying a strong position on the other bank.

General Corse forced a crossing of the river after quite a severe skirmish, drove back the enemy and opened the road. General Blair sent forward the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry and drove back the enemy from his bridge. He reported 1 officer killed and 1 wounded in the skirmish. On Thursday morning, accompanied by General Logan, I left camp at 3 a.m. and reached General Corse's head of column just as he was crossing the South River. The disencumbered column took the first practicable left-hand road to the north. Just before marching in that direction General Corse encountered the enemy's cavalry supporting a few pieces of artillery. Quite a severe skirmish grew out of this. The general, however, drove the enemy across the Little Cohera, and then pursued his march as he had intended.

The roads became very bad even for our light trains, yet we succeeded in reaching the Goldsborough road above and went into camp. General Slocum's wagon train closed up to the same point. General Blair reached Owensville with his head of column. The supply wagons of the Fifteenth Corps, with a small guard of one brigade, closed up to the crossing of South River, aiming for Beaman's Cross-Roads. At night we learned that General Slocum had met the enemy under Hardee near Averasborough and quite a battle ensued, in which the enemy was driven from one line of works and a number of prisoners captured.

March 17, being yet uncertain as to the result of the engagement of the day before, I moved forward toward Bentonville, but six miles. General Logan's command went into camp at Jackson's Cross-Roads and General Blair reached Beaman's Cross-Roads. My command was then upon the Averasborough road so that I could march thither, if necessary, but the enemy retreated from Slocum's front during the night, and Slocum resumed his march toward Bentonville. The next day, the 18th, General Logan marched toward Bentonville proper. General Blair was not far from Troublefield's Store. General Slocum was at this time abreast of me, some five or six miles to the north. We had met very little resistance from the enemy, driving his cavalry before us as usual. The march was resumed early on the morning of the 19th. I pursued what is called the New road, which runs, via Falling Creek Church, to Goldsborough. General Sherman joined us again during the day.

General John E. Smith's division led General Logan's column. The road at first appeared to be fair, but the ammunition wagons of the leading division appeared to be fair, but the ammunition wagons of the leading division rendered it almost impassable. On arriving at Falling Creek Church the general-in-chief sent me word that my column was very much straggled owing to the bad roads. The leading brigade, consisting of three regiments under Colonel Wever, with a few wagons, reached that point by 12 o'clock. The next brigade, however, was detailed at the Falling Creek, three miles back, to repair the ford which had become impassable. I heard heavy firing in the direction of Bentonville and sent Major Osborn, my chief of artillery, to go back to the rear division (General Hazen's) and direct him to go to the assistance of General Slocum in case of need, and also to see General Slocum and

