
explain the situation of things and call for force if he needed it from the rear of General Logan's column. Major Osborn met the general-in-chief en route. The general had just received a message from Slocum that he had then only a division of cavalry in his front and was driving them. As soon as I received this message Lieutenant-Colonel Strong, of my staff, went with one of Colonel Wever's regiments (Tenth Iowa Infantry) as rapidly as possible to the cross-roads. We very much feared General Slocum was having a severe battle, by the continuous sound of the artillery firing, but it was sunset before General Logan had been able to bring up any considerable force. He placed in position two divisions near the point secured by Lieutenant-Colonel Strong. We at first understood that General Slocum had secured the last road to Smithfield; that being the case the only line of retreat for Johnson was via Cox's Bridge.

In accordance with General Sherman's instructions, I directed General Blair, who had moved beyond that Wilmington road which crosses Cox's Bridge, to turn back and move to our position during the night. We learned by several messengers that General Slocum had repulsed several fierce assaults of the enemy, and was in a position that he could hold until the Right Wing should arrive. General Logan sent Hazen's division by the most direct route to General Slocum's sent Hazen's division by the most direct route to General Slocum's position. This division reached him at daylight of the 20th. Early on the morning of the 20th General Logan sent a force to make the enemy destroy Cox's Bridge, and commenced his march, General Wood's division leading, toward Bentonville by the river road. General Blair closed up, so that I had a continuous column. We very soon encountered the enemy's cavalry, that resisted as stubbornly as cavalry is able to do. This was not, however, any check to the march, since the skirmishers kept the way clear. We came upon the enemy's infantry between 10 and 11 a.m. He had a position at the forks where the right-hand road leads to Bentonville and the straight-forward road on toward Averasborough. Colonel Stone's brigade, of General Woods' division, had a brisk skirmish at this point, but quickly dislodged the enemy from this position. We were to the rear and left of Johnston's position while fighting Slocum the day before; but, being apprised of our coming, he had thrown back his left flank so as to form a bridge-head, with Mill Creek in his rear. In this place he was carefully intrenched. The ground was for the most part low, swampy, and covered with woods. As soon as possible General Logan put his command in position, forming a junction with General Hazen, who was on the right of the Left Wing, three divisions in front and one in reserve. General Blair took post on his right and watched the right flank.

During the 19th Captain Duncan and Lieutenant Sherfy, signal officer, Captain Gilbreth, of my staff, and Captain Hoover, of General Logan's, with the scouts and what other mounted men they could gather, made a reconnaissance toward Goldsborough, hoping to meet General Schofield's troops in the town. They found, however, the enemy, in intrenchments to the southwest of the Neuse, covering the wagon and railroad bridges. After skirmishing, the enemy abandoned these positions and destroyed the bridges by fire. Four or 5 prisoners were taken and 2 or 3 wounded.

Tuesday, March 21, 1865 - Skirmishing more or less continued the whole night. Early in the morning General Blair extended his line toward the right, placing in position his three divisions, General

