
Mower's on the right. General Logan's line was re-located and thoroughly fortified, artillery being placed in position on General Woods' and General Corse' front. At about midday General Mower worked his way across the swamp in his front and suddenly appeared with two brigades upon the enemy's left flank. His skirmishers were within musketry range of Johnston's only line of retreat. Mower, however, being farther from support him in such force as almost to envelop his command, removed to his own left and rear until the connection with his corps was re-established. The moment I heard of Mower's position I directed General Blair to support him and General Logan to push forward his skirmish line and the moment he detected the enemy giving way to take advantage of it. I immediately went to General Woods' front. The enemy's skirmish rifle-pits were taken in front of Generals Woods and Corse. These the enemy pertinaciously strove the regain, but failed in every instance. The lines, at points, were not more than forty or fifty yards apart. As the enemy used very little artillery, and none whatever in our direct from during the day, I concluded that he would withdraw during the night, and therefore directed my chief of artillery, Major Osborn, to keep up an artillery fire all night. This was done.

General Mower's loss during his charge was reported as 166 killed, wounded, and missing. He captured a caisson with its horses and some 40 or 50 cavalry horses, with their saddles and bridles complete. At daylight of March 22 we found the enemy gone; pursued him a mile beyond Mill Creek, skirmishing with his rear guard, and then made preparations to continue our march.

The entire loss at Bentonville, killed, wounded, and missing, is as follows: Fifteenth Corps, 189; Seventeenth Corps, 210; total, 399.

We reached Goldsborough by two easy marches. The Seventeenth Corps crossed the Neuse on a pontoon bridge on the direct road; the Fifteenth on another laid below the railroad bridge. The command went into camp, the Fifteenth Corps on the right and the Seventeenth Corps on the left, to the east and south of the town. We met General Schofield and his command here. Next day after our arrival, Saturday, March 25, our wagons returned from Kinston with five days' rations. As the corps passed before the general-in-chief the men presented a strong, hearty appearance, but they were actually in rags and almost shoeless; but in less than ten days they have been refitted with everything a soldier needs.

It is only necessary to mention by name my corps and division commanders; the work they have accomplished speaks for itself; the service cannot furnish better military men.

Major General John A. Logan has ably commanded the Fifteenth Corps; consisting of four divisions, as follows: First Division, Bvt. Major General C. R. Woods; Second Division, Major General W. B. Hazen; Third Division, Bvt. Major General John E. Smith; Fourth Division, Bvt. Major General John M. Corse.

The Seventeenth Corps has been ably commanded by Major General F. P. Blair. His divisions are: First Division, Major General Joseph A. Mower; Third Division, Brigadier General M. F. Force; Fourth Division, Bvt. Major General Giles A. Smith. Bvt. Major General M. D. Leggett conducted the operations of the Third Division till after the taking of Pocotaligo, when severe illness forced him to leave the field.

I will now mention the several members of my staff, who have so cheerfully rendered me every assistance as to merit substantial reward;

