
equipped. It left its camp on the morning of the 10th of April, in the general movement for the pursuit of the insurgent general Joseph E. Johnston's army, encamped near Smithfield, on the Neuse River; the Army of the Tennessee occupying the right in the general movement, the Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General John A. Logan commanding, taking the road parallel with the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad to Pikeville; the Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair commanding, taking the road on the left bank of the Little River and encamping near Whitley's Bridge across Little River. The road occupied by Major-General Logan's troops was of a quicksand nature and required a large expenditure of labor in corduroying.

April 11, the Fifteenth Army Corps, Major-General Logan, moved to Lowell Factory on the Little River; the Seventeenth Army Corps, Major-General Blair, moved to Pine Level on the North Carolina Railroad. The country over which the army has marched is low, and this, together with a heavy rain in the night, caused the column to move with difficulty, and the roads required much repairing. April 12, Major General Logan's corps from Lowell Factory, and the Seventeenth Corps from Pine Level, moved to Pineville. Thus far we met with no resistance, excepting very little skirmishing with small detachments of Hampton's cavalry. April 13, Major-General Logan, with his corps, moved to and across the Neuse River at Hinton's Bridge are encamped ten miles east of Raleigh. The bridge was preserved from destruction by the enemy's cavalry by a dash of the Twenty-ninth Missouri Mounted Infantry while the enemy was destroying it. General Blair moved his corps to the east bank of the river at Battle's Bridge. This bridge was destroyed, and a pontoon laid in the evening. April 14, the Army of the Tennessee marched through Raleigh and encamped on the west side of the town, being reviewed by Major-General Sherman as it moved by the State capitol. April 15, in compliance with instructions received from the general-in-chief, but one division was to be moved to Morrisville, on the North Carolina Railroad, ten miles northwest of the city, but the instructions reaching me after the order of march had been promulgated, both the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Corps had moved from their camps, and three divisions were well out toward the town before the order was countermanded, when I ordered them to encamp. During the armistice agreed upon between Major-General Sherman and the insurgent general Joseph E. Johnston the army remained quietly in camp immediately west of the city of Raleigh, it having been brought back to that place. The time was occupied in resting the troops, in drilling, and procuring supplies for the present use and for any contingency that might arise.

On the 25th, in accordance with instructions, the seventeenth Corps Major-General Blair, was moved forward about fifteen miles preparatory to and advance against the enemy on the following day. Later in the day General Sherman directed that all troops be halted, as Johnston proposed to surrender his army. The troops again encamped, being called upon for no labor until the army began its march homeward. In accordance with instructions from General Sherman on the 28th I issued an order to the corps commanders to march their corps by easy marches to Petersburg; Major General John A. Logan, with the Fifteenth Army Corps, moving by Rogers' Bridge across Neuse River, and thence by way of Louisburg, Warrenton, White Plains, and on the old stage by way of Petersburg; the Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair, to cross the Neuse River at the railroad bridge, thence through Franklinton, Ridgeway, Lawrenceville, Birchett's Bridge, and by the

