
and promulgated it to the officer serving with the Left Wing of the army. A copy of this code is herewith transmitted. The country around Beaufort, S. C., affording no advantages for signaling, the officers of the detachment were permitted to occupy the time while the army remained in that vicinity in preparing for the South Carolina campaign.

The Right Wing of the grand army, Major-General Howard commanding, having concentrated at Pocotaligo on the 30th of the month, the extraordinary march commenced, which terminated with the occupation of Goldsborough, N. C. A short march was made on the 30th through a swampy and thickly-timbered country, when the army went into camp six miles west from Pocotaligo, where it remained during the 31st awaiting the movements of the Left Wing, Major-General Slocum commanding, which was marching across country from Savannah.

In view of the probable impracticability of using signals to any extent during the campaign, in consequence of the rapid marching of the army and the swamps and the unbroken forests for which South Carolina is noted, the services of the signal party with headquarters were tendered to the major-general commanding for scouting and reconnoitering in the advance and on the flanks of the column, and for carrying dispatches between the two corps of the army moving on parallel roads, and were by him thankfully accepted. The officers in charge of parties with army corps were directed to make similar tender of their services to the commanding officers with whom they were serving.

For details of daily service for the month of January I would respectfully refer you to the transcript of daily record.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. A. TAYLOR,

Captain Signal Corps, U. S. Army, Commanding Detachment.

Colonel B. F. FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS SIGNAL CORPS, U. S. ARMY,DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Goldsborough, N. C., March 31, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report, in continuation of my report of operations for the month of January, that on the 1st day of February the Army of the Tennessee, which had encamped on the 30th of January near Pocotaligo, resumed its march through the State of South Carolina. The signal parties accompanying the army, unable to perform material service in their legitimate line of duty, for reasons set forth in my report for January, rendered efficient service during the month of February in reconnoitering, skirmishing, communicating between the columns, foraging, and the officers of the detachment performing more or less aide duty. Lieutenant Sampson was used by the major-general commanding as freely as any one of his personal aides.

While at Orangeburg Lieutenant Sampson carried dispatches from General Sherman to General Slocum - a distance of over thirty miles - the longest trip made by any aide during the campaign.

The party under Captain McClintock, by my direction, accompanied daily the advance of the column to reconnoiter roads and gain all the

