
under Captain Duncan, went into Camden, destroyed the bridge, burned the railroad depot, and returned in safety without loss. At Lynch's Creek, on the 27th, an expedition was gotten up for the purpose of cutting the railroad near Florence. In obedience to orders of the major-general commanding to furnish men for the expedition, Sergeant Burchard and ten men were ordered to report to Captain Duncan. The party returned on the 28th without having accomplished their object. When near Mount Elon, on the evening of the 27th, Captain D. was attacked by overwhelming numbers of Hampton's cavalry. A hand-to-hand fight ensued - the most brilliant and spirited of the campaign - with a loss of only four of the party. A loss of sixty-seven killed and wounded was inflicted upon the enemy, including Colonel Aiken, commanding brigade, and a member of General Hampton's staff. Captain Duncan spoke in the warmest praise of the bravery and coolness of the signal men accompanying his expedition. The signal detachment with the Fifteenth Army Corps, First Lieutenant W. H. Sherfy in charge, also rendered efficient service during the month. That officer reports as follows regarding the operations of his detachment:

4th, I went in advance with the detachment and saved a party of foragers from capture, who were, chased by the enemy. Afterward I left some men to hold the crossing of a creek where they had a skirmish, driving the enemy back. 5th, we went in advance and found the enemy blockading the road, when we drove him from his work. While holding our position Private N. P. Willis was wounded, causing him the loss of a limb (leg); he was at the time bravely doing his duty. 6th, I reconnoitered to the left and communicated with the Twentieth Corps. 7th, we went in advance with the cavalry and were in a skirmish, driving the enemy from the Augusta branch railroad, which we were the first to cut. I then week to look out roads and discovered a new crossing of the Edisto River. 11th, marched to Poplar Springs, where the general sent us ahead to reconnoiter a bridge, where we found the enemy fortified and had a skirmish with him. 12th, the troops forced a crossing of the river and I went over and reconnoitering through the swamp, the general sending us ahead to look out roads. 14th, on staff duty till noon, and then went four miles, to reconnoiter a crossing of the Congaree River. 15th, the enemy showed so much resistance as to retard the advance of the column, and I went to the left with our party and found a bridge across the creek, where we tried to force a crossing, but found the enemy too strong. 16th, did staff duty and in the afternoon was sent across the Saluda River and was in a skirmish trying to save a bridge. 17th, marched in Columbia at night. I helped quell a riot and saved some dwelling houses from being burned. 20th, on the march, and I went ahead to look out roads. 23rd, sent ahead by the general to look out road for one of the columns. 24th, Lieutenant Adams, with several of the men while on a scout, captured two rebel captains.

The signal detachment with the Seventeenth Army Corps, Lieutenant J. R. Dunlap in charge, performed some service during the month; that of the officers, principally g to some personal misunderstanding between the two officers with the Seventeenth Army Corps, there was so co-operation wanting to render their party efficient.

On the 1st of February, in compliance with order of Major-General Howard, as follows-

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Whippy Swamp, S. C., February 1, 1865.

Captain P. A. Taylor, chief signal officer, will organize a foraging party for these headquarters, in charge of a reliable non-commissioned officer. The caterer, or enlisted man in charge of each mess, will be allowed to accompany this party.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

A detail of ten men was made from Captain McClintock's party and placed under the charge of Sergeant Haner, who conducted the foraging for the headquarters until the 25th of the month in the most satis-

