
factory manner. While frequent captures of men from foraging parties were made by the enemy not a man was lost by Sergeant Haner. On the revision of the regulations governing foraging, necessitated by reason of frequent captures and murder of individuals by the enemy, Lieutenant Shellabarger was placed in charge of the foraging party of the headquarters and conducted the foraging the balance of the month satisfactory.

For further details of daily operations I respectfully refer you to the transcript of daily record transmitted herewith.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. A. TAYLOR,

Captain, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

Colonel B. F. FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, SIGNAL DETACHMENT,Goldsborough, N. C., April 5, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations for the month of March, 1865, which, with my report for the months of January and February, comprise the operations of this detachment during the recent campaign, which terminated on the 24th of March with the occupation of Goldsborough, N. C.:

On the 1st day of March the bridges over Big Lynch's Creek, S. C., where our forces had been compelled to halt several days, were completed and the crossing of the entire command effected. The army then moved by the most direct road on Cheraw, which place it entered on the 3rd, driving the rear guard of the enemy's forces, under Hardee, through the town and across the Great Pedee River. Lieutenant Shellabarger and party of the detachment were among the first to enter the place. They participated in the skirmish through the streets and captured several prisoners. After remaining in Cheraw until the 6th, the army was put in motion for Fayetteville, N. C., seventy miles distant in northeasterly direction. This march was accomplished in six days, our forces entering Fayetteville on the 11th.

Thnder Captain McClintock entered town with the advance, skirmished with the enemy's rear guard, capturing two prisoners. From the 11th to the 14th the time was occupied in destroying public property and crossing the army over Cape Fear River. On the 14th the entire army was again in motion, objective point Goldsborough.

The Left Wing being exposed to attack from the enemy near Johnston, an unencumbered column from the Right Wing was moved upon an intermediate road to give support, if required, to the left. By direction of the major-general commanding, the signal party under Captain McClintock accompanied the surplus wagons of the headquarters on the lower route. Lieutenant Sampson and myself accompanied the general with the light columns, performing aide duty during the engagement near Bentonville and until our arrival and entry into Goldsborough on the 24th.

Lieutenant Sherfy, in charge of party with Fifteenth Army Corps, reports that in a skirmish on the 18th he captured two prisoners. On the following day his party joined an expedition to the bridge over the Neuse River, near Goldsborough, where they found a force of the enemy behind strong works commanding the approaches to the bridge. By

