
being nearly double the number there were men in the detachment on duty in the field. There were also captured about 150 horses and mules, more than one-half of which were turned over to the quartermaster's department after furnishing remounts to the officers and men. The total loss of the detachment during the campaign was three men, one died of disease and two wounded.

I respectfully call your attention to the energy and gallantry uniformly displayed by First Lieutenant W. H. Sherfy, and most earnestly recommend him for advancement.

I have the honor to forward herewith a similar recommendation addressed to the honorable Secretary of War by Major General John A. Logan, with whom Lieutenant Sherfy has been serving.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. A. TAYLOR,

Captain, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, Commanding Detachment.

Colonel B. F. FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

Near Washington, May 31, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the signal detachment serving with this army during the month ending April 30, 1865:

From the 1st to the 9th, inclusive, the army was quietly encamped in and around Goldsborough, N. C., resting from its long, weary marches through the Carolinas and being refitted for another campaign.

The officers of the signal detachment, in the absence of signal duties, employed the time in re-equipping their parties, instructing the sergeants in the use of the signal codes, and drilling the men in flagging. The commanding general expressing a desire to take with him on the next campaign only those officers and men constructed with headquarters who were absolutely required to perform the duties of their respective departments to conform to the great reduction in the transportation of the headquarters, I accordingly assigned the officers of the reserve signal party to duty with two army corps, and placing Lieutenant Ware in charge of all the enlisted men of the detachment not assigned to duty with officers in General Orders, Numbers 3, from this office, directed him to proceed, together with all the surplus stores, to New Berne, N. C., and there await further orders.

On the 10th of the month the army commenced the march to Raleigh. The signal parties were organized for the campaign as follows:

Lieutenant Sampson and myself, with nine enlisted men, accompanied the major-general commanding; Captain McClintock and Lieutenants Dunlap and Kelly, with sixteen enlisted men of the Seventeenth Army Corps, reporting to Major-General Blair; and Lieutenants Sherfy, Shellabarger, and Adams, with twenty one enlisted men, with the Fifteenth Army Corps. An extra number of men were assigned to Lieutenant Sherfy's party on the intimation of Major-General Logan that he desired more signal men.

Captain A. S. Cole, who reported to me on the 1st day of the month, was by Major-General Howard placed on duty as an acting aide-de-camp, and served in that capacity during the month. Two enlisted men were assigned to duty with Captain Cole.

