
pended, and instructions were issued looking to its movement by land. When the movement by land commenced I had already shipped the whole of my First Division and nearly all of the Second, with the exception of De Gress' battery, a portion of the supply train, and two regiments as train guard. These were ordered to move with the Third Division of the corps, which was under orders to break camp and move across the pontoon ridge over the Savannah River on the morning of the 19th ultimo. A severe storm had set in on the 18th and continued through the morning of the 19th, but General Smith succeeded in crossing the pontoon with his Second Brigade and a portion of his ordnance train, and stretched out on the South Carolina side of the river, but the rains were so heavy, swelling the streams and bursting the dikes confining the headwaters of the great swamp river, that the roads soon became submerged and entirely impassable for man or team and only navigable in boats. His division was divided - General Smith with a portion of his command beyond the break and the balance still on the Savannah side of the river. Under these circumstances I ordered General Smith to push through to Pocotaligo with his Second Brigade and put the rest of the troops in camp to await a subsiding of the flood. The storm continued during that night and the next morning with unabated fury, and in consequence thereof I received instructions from the commander-in-chief to continue the shipping of my command to Beaufort, reserving the Fourth Division to move by land with the Left Wing of the army. As fast as boats arrived at Savannah they were loaded with troops, animals, and wagons to their fullest capacity, and on the morning of the 26th I transferred my headquarters to Beaufort.

On the 26th the position of the several divisions of the corps was as follows: The First and Second Divisions at Port Royal Ferry; a portion of the Third Division at Pocotaligo, with the First Brigade awaiting its transportation at Beaufort, and the Fourth Division still at Savannah. Before leaving Savannah I had given General Corse instructions to move his command by slow and easy marches to Sister's Ferry and there to cross the Savannah River at such time as he could get the bridge, and to move his command to Hickory Hill, the point indicated for the concentration of the whole corps. The supplies for the corps were drawn from the depots established at Beaufort and at Hatch's Landing, and up to the time of our final separation from a base the troops were supported on rations drawn directly from the depots without calling on our supplies in the wagons. For a schedule of rations on hand at the opening of the campaign I have the honor to invite your attention to the subjoined report of the chief commissary of the corps.

The transportation of the corps was in good condition, and although the animals suffered for want of forage on our entrance into Savannah, still the abundant supply received before the campaign opened put them in good condition to sustain the march through the swamps of South Carolina.

On the morning of the 30th of January the corps moved in two columns from their position at Garden's Corners and Port Royal Ferry in the direction of McPhersville, the First and Second Divisions having the right and direct road through Pocotaligo, with General Smith to the left on the Ridge road. The First and Third Divisions encamped near the village, with the Second DivisionThe next day was consumed in sending back empty wagons to Hatch's Landing for subsistence and other stores needed for the troops. Orders

