
were issued at this point limiting the organization of foraging details to the smallest number of men absolutely required for the service and directing that they should be chosen from the best men of the command, the officers were to be appointed for the campaign, and a record kept of them at division headquarters, and they were to be held responsible for the conduct of their details. In accordance with your Field Order, Numbers 29, I moved the corps from McPhersonville to Hickory Hill, breaking camp at 7 a.m. Before the rear of my column passed through McPhersonville I regret to inform you that the village was in flames. This was doubtlessly induced by the desertion of their houses by the entire population, for on our entrance into the village not a human being was to be found. The road to Hickory Hill crosses numerous streams, swampy in character and tributary to Coosawhatchie Swamp, which covered our left flank. In all of these swamps we found timber felled, with rail barricades defended by a small brigade of rebel cavalry, dismounted, who were easily pushed before us by the Seventh Illinois Mounted Infantry and the Twenty-ninth Missouri Mounted Infantry, supported by infantry reserves. On nearing Hickory Hill the mounted infantry was pushed forward with the design of saving the bridge across Coosawhatchie Swamp on the road from Sister's Ferry, as it was anticipated that General Corse would come in at that point, but a portion of the rebel cavalry had retreated across the bridge, partially destroying it, and the design was frustrated. The First Division was encamped in position for the night at the intersection of the Whippy Swamp Post-Office road with that on which we had been moving, with the Third Division in support. General Hazen, who had moved that morning from the neighborhood of Pocotaligo, encamped to the rear of the other divisions about three miles. The next morning, February 2, the Second Division having the advance, moved to Loper's Cross-Roads. Our advance was contested by the enemy's cavalry at the crossing of all the streams and creeks, in which timber had been felled, with the same pertinacity as on the previous day, but with the same result, and our mounted infantry found no difficulty in pushing them back across Duck Branch. Owing to the heavy roads the other divisions did not succeeded in reaching the cross-roads but encamped some four miles back. In accordance with instructions from superior headquarters the Third and Fourth Divisions of the corps were moved to the right into position along the road running from Duck Branch Post-Office to the Angley's Post-Office, the First Division holding the bridge over Jackson's Creek; the Third Division equidistant between the First and Second Divisions, with the Second Division still in camp at the cross-roads at Duck Branch. It rained fitfully all day and the roads were heavy and required corduroying in many places before the artillery and trains could be gotten over. This evening I received information from the commanding general that the Seventeenth Corps had effected the crossing of Big Salkehatchie at rivers' Bridge, and at the same time orders directing me to move forward my command at Buford's Bridge and force the passage of the river should that become necessary. In compliance with these orders I directed General Woods to move forward from his advanced position at 6 o'clock, sending a brigade in light marching order, unencumbered with wagons, to Buford's Bridge to secure the same and to follow on with the rest of his command as rapidly as possible. General Smith moved in rear of the First Division. General Hazen was ordered to march to Angley's Post-Office and there to encamp his command in position for the night covering all the

