
approaches from the direction of Barnwell. On reaching the bridge General Woods found the works of the enemy deserted, but the bridge over the main stream had been destroyed and the lagoon bridges, some twenty-six in number, had been all broken down. The roads were heavy and required a good deal of work from the pioneer corps. Up to this time nothing had been heard from General Corse, and I was entirely in the dark as to the success of failure of his movement, but from his energy and perseverance of character I knew that he would make every exertion to join the corps as soon as possible.

The next day, the 5th of February, was consumed in crossing the Big Salkehatchie, and my command was encamped that night in the salients as it were, of an equilateral triangle, the First Division on the direct Bamberg road, the Second Division on the road leading to Barnwell, and the Third Division on that leading to Rivers' Bridge, the First and Second Divisions being intrenched. February 6, the advance on the Little Salkehatchie was commenced, the Third Division, General John E. Smith, having the advance with the mounted infantry at the head of the column. The Twenty-ninth Missouri Mounted Infantry advanced to the Little Salkehatchie, skirmishing with the enemy, and driving them across the stream, when it was discovered that the bridge had been destroyed, and that the rebels were in position behind works prepared to dispute the crossing. On the arrival of the infantry column General Smith deployed his Second Brigade, Colonel C. R. Wever commanding, on the bluff facing the river, with two regiments, one on each side of the road, pushed to the river bank in skirmish order to develop the position of the enemy. The Twenty-ninth Missouri Mounted Infantry was sent to a crossing reported by negroes to be some three or four miles below the bridge, while the detachment of the Seventh Illinois moved above along the bank of the stream searching for a ford. In the meanwhile the trains of the Third Division were parked out of range, well in rear, with the First Brigade, Third Division, massed in support of the Second. General Woods was ordered to move up in support of the Third Division, massing his troops and trains in convenient fields out of range of the enemy's fire. The position occupied by the enemy was very defensible, his front being covered by a deep and tangled swamp extending for several miles below his position, while the stream above opened into a wide pond, yet our skirmish line pushed through the mud and water and developed his line, extending quite a distance above and below the bridge, covered by rifle-pits. The bank on the south side of the river appeared to be much higher than that on the opposite side, rising in quite a bold bluff, but the swam was so dense that it was impossible to appreciate the character of the opposite bank or to avail ourselves of any advantage we might have in height of position. General Smith's dispositions having been made for an attack, and General Woods' division being within supporting distance, I ordered him to push his Second Brigade through the swam in line of battle, covered by a heavy line of skirmishers, and endeavor to take the works of the enemy. It affords me great pleasure to testify to the gallant manner in which my orders were executed by Colonel Wever, who charged with his men through mud and water, across the stream and in face of the enemy's fire, driving him from his line of works, all along the river. The rebels fell back to some open fields about a mile and half from the stream, formed in line, as if preparing to receive our attack. General Smith, having crossed his First Brigade, pushed forward on the road to Duncansville. The rebel cavalry meanwhile moved from our front in the direction of Blackville

