
subsided, and after crossing, indeed, the same character of roads continued, rendered worse, if anything, by the late severe storms. The pioneer corps of this division had been with the main column during the whole march, and General Corse had been deprived of their assistance. But, notwithstanding these obstacles, on the evening of the 10th General Corse was encamped but six miles in rear of my position at Graham's Station, ready in the morning to join the corps. Pontoon-boats having been sent to General Hazen he crossed the South Edisto River with his division on the 10th ultimo, encamping in position on the north bank. The First and Third Divisions were engaged in destroying railroad till about 3 in the afternoon, when the Third Division moved to the cross-roads near Holman's Bridge, preparatory to crossing in the morning. On the morning of the 11th the crossing of the South Edisto was continued, and the movement on Columbia was fairly inaugurated. Major-General Hazen broke camp at 7 a.m., and moved out in the direction of Poplar Springs, on the direct Orangeburg road, the Third and First Divisions following. General Corse had been instructed to cross at Binnaker's Bridge, bearing with his division for the same point. The march was uninterrupted, and the Second and Third Divisions were in camp before dark, Generals Corse and Woods bivouacking about two miles to the rear. At last I found my whole corps together, unimpaired in usefulness. On reaching Poplar Springs I ordered a reconnaissance to Shilling's Bridge, to ascertain the character of the crossing at that point, and left my mounted infantry out on picket near the ridge which the enemy had destroyed on our approach.

For an account of the operations of my command for the 12th ultimo in passing the North Edisto I have the honor to invite your attention to the following extract from a previous report, rendered immediately after crossing:

The corps moved from camp with General Hazen in the advance, and on reaching the bridge a strong skirmish line was deployed and pushed to the bank of the stream, with the design of developing the position and strength of the enemy, while at the same time an effort was made to effect a crossing above and below the bridge. The Second brigade of the Second Division, Colonel W. S. Jones commanding, with a regiment at each of the crossings above and below the bridge skirmished heavily with the enemy in front, and so entirely engaged his attention that the flank demonstration was perfectly successful. A crossing below the bridge having been first effected General Hazen moved the First and Third Brigades of his division to that point and threw them across the river on a hastily constructed bridge of rafts fastened together, but found a dense and tangled swamp still in his front, through which he pushed his command, however, reaching the mainland without encountering resistance. In the meanwhile Colonel Jones had been equally successful in effecting a crossing aband, with the Thirty-seventh Ohio Infantry, pushed down on the left bank of the river, taking the enemy's position at the bridge in flank and reverse. The moment the enemy discovered our forces on their side of the river they broke and ran from their works, throwing aside arms and accouterments in their flight. The enemy was driven from his works at 2. 30 p.m. The Third Division of the corps was moved in support at the point of crossing of General Hazen's two brigades, with General Woods in support att he bridge, while the Fourth Division was held in reserve at a point equally distant from the two crossings.

The enemy lost killed 4, wounded unknown, with 80 prisoners and about 200 stand of arms left in our hands; my loss was very slight, being 1 man killed and 5 wounded.

The crossing having been thus gallantry effected the movement on Columbia was continued, and in accordance with your instructions I moved the corps the morning of the 13th ultimo in two columns, one, consisting of the Second and Third Divisions, along the road to the east of Caw Caw Swamp, with the First and Fourth Divisions on a plantation road up the west bank. Both roads came together in the

15 R R - VOL XLVII, PT I

