
neighborhood of Sandy Run Post-Office, which point was indicated for the concentration of the corps in two days' march. The corps camped that night in position, the two columns nearly abreast of each other. Our march was uninterrupted to Sandy Run, which point was reached and passed the next day (the 14th instant), the troops going into camp in the following order and position: The First Division near Wolf's plantation, General Hazen in support, with the Third and Fourth Divisions some two miles in rear. It having been reported that the enemy were in force on Congaree Creek, intrenched, our dispositions were made to force the passage, and at the same time to demonstrate upon the Great Congaree with a portion of the corps. The movement was commenced at 7 a.m. the 15th ultimo, Brevet Major-General Woods having the advance, supported by the Second and Fourth Divisions of the corps. To Brevet Major-General Smith was assigned the duty of making the demonstration at the crossing of the Congaree River above referred to. General Woods encountered the enemy at a short distance from his camp, but easily pushed them before him, until their main line was discovered on Congaree Creek, which empties into the river about one mile and a half from the road in which the column was moving, stretching away in a westerly direction, winding through deep banks fringed with undergrowth and bounded by marshy open fields, which had been rendered impassable for artillery by the frequent rains of the week past. On approaching the creek the enemy's line was developed, extending apparently along the face of the creek with a salient covering the bridge- artillery in position in the salient - commanding the road and open fields in front of their works. General Woods at once deployed his Second Brigade across the road, pushing forward a heavy skirmish line to feel the position of the enemy. From the nature of the ground nothing could be effected by a demonstration upon the right, and Colonel Stone's brigade (Third Brigade, First Division) was moved in line on the left across the open field into the woods bordering the river, the troops wading through mud and water up to their waists till they reached the banks of the stream. General Woods' First Brigade was held in reserve in the center. Generals Hazen and Corse moved their divisions in support of General Woods. The enemy opened quite briskly with artillery and musketry upon Colonel Stone's advance, but one regiment succeeded in crossing the stream higher up than the tete-de-pont of the enemy extended, and completely turned his position, for when an advance was made along the whole skirmish line the enemy broke from their works, firing the bridges in their flight. Our troops gallantry charged over their line, and succeeded in putting out the flames, notwithstanding the enemy opened a hot artillery fire on the bridge and the main road leading to it. In this connection I must invite attention to the able manner in which Colonels Catterson and Stone handled their brigades and co-operated with their division commander in all his combinations. As soon as the bridge was repaired I pushed General Woods across, when it was discovered the enemy had abandoned his first line of works along the river-bank, retreating across open fields to a second line much nearer the city of Columbia. The country was open for two miles from the river, stretching away in uncultivated fields apparently well adapted for the movement of cavalry, in which arm of the service the rebels had contested the crossing of the creek was the cavalry command of the rebel General Hampton. The enemy showed toward night quite a heavy force of cavalry, moving in column and line across the fields

