
another bridge of considerable length, so that it was not until the morning of the 2nd of March that he succeeded in crossing the last of his wagons. General Hazen, if anything, met with great obstacles at Kelly's Bridge, for just after his bridge had been completed and the wagons crossing it gave way, and the whole work had to be done over again. But he commenced crossing the same day as General Woods, and the whole of his division, with all the transportation of the Third, was over by the evening of March 2.

On the morning of the 1st General Corse had moved out to Black Creek, on the Camden and Cheraw road, and on the 2nd crossed his command. The same day the First Division, General Woods commanding, moved to New Market, crossing Big Black Creek, which bid fair to be as bad as Lynch's Creek, but toward midnight we are able to get in pontoon-boats sufficient to bridge the main part of the stream, and the whole of the command was crossed without loss to our ammunition or subsistence. General Hazen moved from Kelly's Bridge, encamping near the forks of the road west of the creek, and lent every assistance in putting in the pontoons. General Smith could only reach Kellytown, where the camped for the night. The next morning the movement was continued on Cheraw, the Fourth Division moving along the direct Camden and Cheraw road to Thompson's Creek, where the division was encamped. The First and Second Divisions moved by plantation roads across from the New Market and Society Hill road to the Cheraw road, thence in rear of the Fourth Division to Thompson's Creek, where the First Division was also encamped in position. The Second Division did not succeed in reaching this advanced position, and as the Seventeenth Corps had entered Cheraw there was no necessity for pushing the division farther than they could move during daylight. The Third Division, crossing Black Creek at Rocky Ford, moved along the Camden and Cheraw road, encamping in the neighborhood of the Second Division. The next morning, the 4th of March, the corps entered Cheraw and took position to the north of the town, being encamped across the plank road. The roads leading into Cheraw were very much cut up by the passage of heavy army trains and required a great deal of work before our trains could be passed over them, but our indefatigable pioneer corps worked faithfully here, as always, and smoothed the way for our troops and trains. Before entering the city a mounted force was organized, consisting of the Seventh and Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, the Twenty-ninth Missouri Mounted Infantry, and a detachment of thirty mounted Foragers from each division, the expedition under command of Colonel Beuben Williams, Twelfth Indiana Infantry, for the purpose of striking the railroad junction at Florence and destroying the public stores at that place and as much of the railroad as the expeditionary character of the force dispatched could accomplish. This expedition returned without having entered Florence on account of the presence of the enemy in considerable force, but Colonel Williams succeeded in destroying most of the bridging and trestling between Cheraw and Florence, and fully accomplished in this respect the design of the expedition. For the purpose of foraging upon the country and of using certain mills General John E. Smith's division crossed the Great Pedee at 6 a.m. the 5th ultimo, and moved to position on Phill's Creek. General Hazen crossed the same day after the Seventeenth Army Corps, and encamped in support of the Third Division. On the withdrawal of the Seventeenth Corps the provost guard for the city was drawn from the Fourth Division, which remained in the city as rear guard for the army. The

