
rest of the corps crossed the Pedee the 6th of March, the Fourth Division encamping near Easterly's Mills, the First Division in the neighborhood of Quick's Church, with the Third and Second Divisions in the same positions as on the day before. During the campaign every opportunity was seized to work all grist and flour mills met with in the country, and one encamping for the night the mills in the neighborhood were regularly assigned to the different divisions. Virtually living upon the country, it was necessary to husband our supplies and put under contribution all the resources of the country.

The whole corps having crossed the Great Pedee, the movement on Fayetteville was commenced on the 7th ultimo, and the corps broke camp, moving forward in three columns to Crooked Creek, the Fourth y's and Easterling's Mills; the First Division on a plantation road to the left, running into the road on which the Fourth Division was marching at Goodwin's Mill; the Third and Second Divisions, in that order, via Quick's Church. This column was delayed until a late hour in the day by the passage of the Twentieth Corps, which crossed our pontoon and moved through our camps, passing in the direction of Rockingham. The movement was continued the next morning on two roads, that to the right leading to Springfield and Laurel Hill and the other more directly to Laurel Hill. The first and Fourth Divisions moved on the right road, the Second and Third on that to the left. About midday a severe storm set, in continuing without intermission during the rest of the day and night; the roads becoming almost impassable for our trains, the greatest exertions were necessary to bring them into camp by morning. The Second and Third Divisions reached Laurel Hill, the rear of the Third Division getting into camp at 1 a.m. The infantry of the First Division, with a portion of the supply train, also reached Laurel Hill, but the remainder of the train was parked some four miles back in the direction of Springfield. The roads became so bad that it was necessary to corduroy nearly the whole distance before the trains could be gotten up. General Corse did not move farther than Springfield, and reconnoitered during the night for a fresh road to Laurel Hill. In accordance with orders from department headquarters I moved on the morning of the 9th the Second Division of my corps along the direct road to Gilchrist's Bridge; the Third and First Divisions, in that order, on a road to the left, striking into the Rockingham and Gilchrist's Bridge road, then down that road to the bridge, while the Fourth Division was ordered to follow the Second Division on the direct road. The trains we had had for some days past had swollen all the streams and flooded all the swamps which seemed as it were the road indicated for our march. Thf Jones' Creek, at the crossing, a swamp, and to be corduroyed, and the country was of such a treacherous character that a horseman leaving the main road would most certainly mire. The Second Division succeeded in reaching Gilchrist's Bridge and by putting in four pontoon-boats completed the crossing. But the trails that this and the other divisions endured in struggling through the succession of swamps between Lumber River and Little Rockfish Creek beggar description; to be fully appreciated the scene of their operations should have been visited; the whole corps worked night and day as prisoners until the treacherous country was passed. No sooner had the Second Division fairly commenced crossing Lumber River than the rain set in with great violence, completely washing the bottom out of the roads. General Hazen pushed two brigades, with a few wagons, through to Mill Swamp, parking his train in some open fields about

