
to the support of General Slocum, retracing his steps to Lee's Store and thence along the Bentonville road. During the night orders were received from the general commanding directing that all trains of the corps, except the ordnance wagons and ambulances, should be parked near the line made by Generals Woods and Corse, under protection of one brigade of infantry, which brigade should also have it in charge to drive the enemy across Cox's Bridge and compel him to burn the same. With the rest of the corps I was ordered to move on the Cox's Bridge and Bentonville road until I should encounter the enemy and be able to establish communication with the Left Wing. In accordance with these instructions the corps broke camp at 5 a.m. the 20th and marched along the Bentonville road, moving in the following order: General woods in advance, with Corse and Smith in reserve. Colonel Wever's (Second) brigade, Third Division, succeeded in pushing the enemy across Cox's Bridge, compelling them to destroy the same, when he took up position covering the trains.

Our advance encountered the enemy but a short distance from camp, when General Woods deployed a strong skirmish line, behind which the main column steadily advanced. Occasional shots were fired from our artillery to inform General Slocum that we were moving to his support. On approaching Mill Creek, where it was expected to find the enemy in force, the rebel cavalry, fighting dismounted, took position behind successive barricades previously constructed, but were in each instance driven from them in handsome style.

The last outwork defended by the enemy before retreating within their main line having been carried, we held the cross-roads leading to Bentonville and Smithfield, and could distinctly hear the musketry in General Slocum's front. General Woods formed an intrenched line covering the cross-roads, with General Corse on his right and General Smith in reserve. As well as could be ascertained, the line of the Smith in reserve. As well as could be ascertained, the line of the enemy appeared to run through a thickly-wooded country, along a ridge opposite to that on which we were in position, right covering both roads and stretching away to the front of the Left Wing, with left refused along the face of Mill Creek. No artillery was developed in our front, but from the direction of the sound when the enemy opened in General Slocum's front it seemed as though the enemy's line was well advanced on our left. About 4 o'clock Generals Woods and Corse, under cover of a strong skirmish line, advanced their main line near that of the enemy, going into position on a ridge opposite to their works. On the left the skirmish line of the First Division connected with that of the Second Division, in position on the right of the Fourteenth Army Corps, and both lines advancing at the sound of the bugle, drove the rebels back to their works. General Smith was moved up in support, occupying the first line of works made by General Woods. by nightfall the corps was firmly intrenched. Colonel Wever was brought up with the trains, and orders were sent Brevet Brigadier-General Woods to move with his command and join his division, turning the trains of the corps over to a brigade from the Seventeenth Army Corps, assigned as guard for the trains of the army. Skirmishing continued during the night, but without serious loss on either side.

March 21, orders having been received for an advance of the skirmish line at daylight, to ascertain whether any change had taken place in the enemy's position, General Corse and Woods pushed their lines forward, but still found the enemy in force. The day had set in with rain, which continued until nightfall, rendering the roads and adjacent

