
fields almost impassable for artillery. General Hazen having reported with his division was assigned position on General Woods' left, two brigades front and one in reserve, and advanced his skirmish line, connecting with that of General Woods. In the morning General Woods advanced his left and center, and General Corse made a corresponding movement on his right, with which change the line remained substantially as it was the night previous. General Corse succeeded in getting four guns of Battery H, First Missouri Artillery, in action, and General Woods put a section of the Twelfth Wisconsin Battery in position near the center of his line. Both batteries opened later in the day with great effect. About 1 o'clock information was brought from the right that General Mower had successfully advanced his division, capturing several lines of works, when, in accordance with orders from the general commanding, I directed Generals Woods, Hazen, and Corse to advance their skirmish lines, holding their main line in readiness to push forward and secure any advantage that might be gained. My orders were promptly obeyed, and our skirmish line advanced in gallant style, driving the enemy into his works and developing most completely his entire line in our front. It was found to be very nearly as had been supposed, and was discovered to occupy quite a defensible position. The batteries opened on the enemy's works with rapidity, and then at proper intervals during the rest of the day and night, our skirmishers intrenching the position they had gained. Our trains had been ordered to Everettsville, and Colonel Fort was instructed to send as many empty wagons as he might have with the train to Kinston for rations, ammunition, and clothing. During the night the enemy evacuated their whole line of works, falling back across Hannah's Creek in the direction of Smithfield, and on the advance of General Woods' division in the morning the bridge across which they had retreated was still in flames.

The object of the campaignomplished the army moved from its works on Mill Creek, commencing with the Left Wing and passed by corps to the rear in the direction of Goldsborough. I retained General Woods in position at Bentonville during the day, with instructions to withdraw his division at dark into his lines of the night before, leaving one brigade on Hannah's Creek. General Hazen's division was moved some six miles back in the direction of Goldsborough.

On the morning of the 23rd instant the corps drew out from its works on Mill Creek, and, taking the road pursued by the Second Division, moved toward Goldsborough. General Hazen crossed the road leading to Cox's Bridge in advance of a division of the Twentieth corps moving to that crossing, and passed beyond Falling Creek some three miles, where he encamped. As soon as General Jackson's division of the Twentieth Army Corps had passed the other divisions moved over General Hazen's road, crossing Falling Creek, and encamping for the night. Our trains had reached Everettsville, and Colonel Fort had sent all his empty wagons to Kinston for supplies for the corps, which were to meet us at Goldsborough.

The campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C., closed on the 24th instant by the movement of the whole army into camp around that place. My trains were brought to this side of the river and redistributed to the different divisions, the empty wagons being organized into trains, under supervision of the chief quartermaster, for the purpose of procuring subsistence stores and supplies for the army from the depot established at Kinston, N. C. My corps now occupies a defensive line, with works to the east of the city of Goldsborough. The troops are

