
being refitted for a new campaign, and such supplies as can be procured from the depots of Goldsborough and Kinston are being received and issued by my chief quartermaster and commissary.

I have the honor to invite your attention to the subjoined tables, showing rduroying and bridging done by the corps during the past campaign, and the amount of property received, issued, and destroyed during the same period. In submitting my report of the operations of the corps during the past campaign it affords me gratification to call the attention of the commanding general to be able manner in which my division commanders have discharged their duties, and the hearty co-operation I have received from them in every instance; whether among the swamps of Carolina, at the crossings of the large rivers we have passed, or on the field of action their conduct merits my warmest commendation and praise, and to the gallant officers and soldiers of this corps who have earnestly striven with me to execute all your orders with promptness and success I tender my hearty thanks. In would respectfully recommend for promotion to the rank of major-general the following named division commanders: Bvt. Major General C. R. Woods, commanding First Division; Bvt. Major General John E. Smith, commanding Third Division; Bvt. Major General John M. Corse, commanding Fourth Division. And for gallant and faithful services during the trying marches and engagements of the campaign the following-named officers for promotion to the rank of brigadier-general: Bvt. Brigadier General W. B. Woods, commanding First Brigade, First Division; Colonel Theo. Jones, commanding First Brigade, Second Division; Colonel Robert F. Catterson, commanding Second Brigade, First Division; Colonel John E. Tourtellotte, commanding Fourth Minnesota Infantry; Colonel R. N. Adams, commanding Second Brigade, Fourth Division.

Four minute particulars of the movement of each division, and for further recommendations for promotion, I have the honor to invite your attention to the reports of the several division commanders herewith transmitted.

In conclusion, I would commend to the attention of the general commanding the several members of my staff who have materially aided me during the past campaign: To Lieutenant-Colonel Woodhull, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant-Colonel Fort, chief quartermaster; Lieutenant-Colonel Carpenter, chief commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant-Colonel Ross, chief of artillery. To my medical director, Surgeon Nicholls; my medical inspector, Major Woodworth; and my provost-marshal, Major Gillette; and to aides-de-camp, Major Perry, Major Hoover, Captains Pratt and Mitchell; and to Lieutenant-Colonel Yorke, assistant inspector-general; and Captain Whitehead, assistant adjutant-general and acting aide-de-camp, I tender my thanks for their assistance and co-operation.

I would further invite attention to the meritorious services of the signal detachment under command of Lieutenant Sherfy, and to the efficient aid rendered by my acting engineer officer, H. K. Klostermann, to whom I am indebted for the subjoined maps* showing the route of march of the corps.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

Captain A.m. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Tennessee.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

