
ADDENDA.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Patterson's Cross-Roads, S. C., February 23, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: It is my purpose to publish an order of congratulation to the army as soon as the pressure of duty will permit me, but I cannot longer delay an expression of thanks due to yourself and your remarkable corps for the completeness of success which has attend you during the vigorous operation from Savannah to the taking of Columbia. You were present when John E. Smith's division forced its way across the Little Salkehatchie Swamp. You visited the bridges where General Hazen crossed the Edisto, and also witnessed the operations of the same division near Shilling's Bridge, where the deep, wide, and difficult swamps was crossed, [the enemy] captured or scattered, and I trust you will do them honor by graphic and distinctive narration of their generous and indefinable labor which resulted in success. I was with you at Congaree Creek, and shall not soon forget the difficult ground, the almost unassailable position of the enemy at the bridge, where General Woods' division waded through the mud, and swamps, and the creek and succeeded in dislodging the rebels and putting them to flight. I closed my letter to General Sherman that day as follows:

The vigor and boldness that have characterized our men during the hardships of the last campaign were again exhibited to-day. You yourself know the difficulties of the ground, the mud, the water, swamps, deep creeks, and ditches that they had to overcome in order to get at the enemy.

Again, I was with you when you pushed Hazen across the Saluda, and also vividly recall the work of the entire night and the severe skirmish of the morning which Woods' division had to secure the crossing of the Broad. The successful expedition of General Corse along the line of the railroad, when he, together with your mounted infantry, rendered useless about thirty miles of it and destroyed and immense amount of rebel property, and afterward pushed with so much promptitude to the head of the column, merely afford us fresh instances of the earnest energy of himself and his command. The faithfulness with which every duty has been executed, the unflagging attention to orders, and the cheerful and hearty deportment of the entire corps afford me a sincere pleasure and a peculiar faith in your success. In this letter I have scarcely hinted at the operations of your command, but, believe me, general, your own energetic co-operation in these movements, which have resulted already in the fall of Columbia and Charleston and in the almost irreparable disruption of the enemy's lines of communication and supply, can never be forgotten.

Tender my congratulations and thanks to your noble division and brigade commanders, and through them to the officers and men in their charge. May the blessing of Heaven continue with us, and nothing ever occur to mar the fair record of the Army of the Tennessee.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

16 R R - VOL XLVII, PT I

