
Numbers 12. Reports of Bvt. Major General Charles R. Woods, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of operations January 10 - March 24 and April 10-11.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Longtown, S. C., February 21, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to your communication of the 20th instant, calling for a report of the operations of my command from the crossing of Sandy Run until the Federal evacuation of Columbia, S. C., I respectfully submit the following:

Leaving my camp at Rucker's plantation the morning of February 14, I marched by a plantation road as far as Sandy Run. I here stuck the State road, and, crossing the stream about 2 p.m., I continued for some four miles farther in the direction of Columbia, reaching with my head of column the camp-ground assigned me at Wolf's plantation at 4 o'clock in the afternoon. I met with the rebel cavalry outpost at this point, but soon drove them back with my skirmishers, four companies being deployed across the road for that purpose. Encamping my division on a range of hills well adapted to defense, I threw up good earth-works on my front line, extending the embankment across the road to protect my battery that had there been put in position. During the night the rebel cavalry made a dash on my picket vedettes, capturing three of them, as well as First Lieutenant David Rorick, G Company, Thirty-first Iowa Infantry, picket officer of the Third Brigade, who was at that time out superintending his line.

The next morning at daylight I was out of camp and on the road toward Columbia. I met with stubborn opposition throughout the entire day, and, being obliged to march with a heavy skirmish line constantly covering my advance, it was until the afternoon that I reached the neighborhood of the Little Congaree Creek, but five miles distant. The enemy was here developed on the river bank in considerable force, with three pieces of artillery protecting his position. I ordered Colonel R. F. Catterson, commanding the Second Brigade, to deploy his command to the right of the road, with instructions to feel toward the left flank of the enemy's line and, if possible, to cross the river below him. At the same time the Third Brigade, Colonel George A. Stone commanding, was moved off to the left of the road with the same object in view respecting the right flank of the enemy, both brigades moving under cover of a strong connected line of skirmishers. The First Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General Woods commanding, was held in reserve. Colonel Stone's skirmishers getting fairly on the flank of the rebel line, handsomely turned it, driving the skirmishers back beyond the river. The Fourth Iowa Infantry, moving still farther to the right and rear of the enemy, managed to effect a crossing over the stream above him, and at the same time Colonel Catterson having obtained a foothold below and my skirmishers pressing them very hard in front, the enemy was obliged to fall back from his works along the river bank to an inner line nearer the main Congaree River. The works thus gained were strongly constructed and most admirably adapted to the defense of the crossing. As soon as it was seen that the rebels were leaving their position I at once pushed the Second Brigade and one section of artillery (Twelfth Wisconsin Battery) across the river, moving over to the bridge that had been but partially burned by the enemy, moving forward for nearly a mile beyond the river in pursuit of the retreating columns of the enemy. I was here obliged to halt and wait the remainder of my division, which was delayed some time at the river crossing. This not coming up until late in the afternoon, darkness

