
prevented my farther advance, and, selecting a ridge of ground well adapted for the purpose desired, I encamped my division with my left resting on the river bank and my right connecting with the Second Division that had in the meantime crossed the river. My position was made secure by the erection of substantial earth-works along my front line. The next morning, the 16th instant, it being ascertained that the enemy had withdrawn from his works in my front, my division was promptly moved forward to a point on the State road nearly opposite the center of the city. Temporarily halting here, toward night I again moved forward, crossing the pontoon over the Saluda River, near the factory. I encamped in position on the bank of Broad River, near the bridge.

During the night, in accordance with instructions received from the major-general commanding the army corps, a crossing was effected over the river at this place, which, owing to the great width of the stream and the extreme rapidity of the current, was a very difficult task, and between 7 and 8 o'clock the following morning the Third Brigade had crossed to the opposite shore, moving over by means of three pontoon-boats, that were with great difficulty towed from one side of the stream to the other, and obtained possession of a good range of hills crossing the main Columbia road, from which it had gallantry driven the rebel skirmishers, capturing twenty of their number. The enemy very soon withdrew in the direction of Columbia, when the mayor of the place came out under a flag and signified to Colonel Stone that the rebels had evacuated the town. He at once moved his brigade in and took possession, the balance of the division following as soon as the pontoon-boats were laid across Broad River. I encamped my command just beyond the city, on the east side of the Columbia and South Carolina Railroad, throwing up light works in my front.

It may be proper to state that the troops first entering the city were freely supplied by the citizens with great quantities of intoxicating liquors, so that the confusion inevitable on the entry into a captured city was very materially increased, and at night, in obedience to the orders of the major-general commanding, the brigade on provost duty in the city was relieved by the First Brigade of this division, Bvt. Brigadier General William B. Woods commanding. During the evening a fire broke out in the western part of the city, which rapidly spread over the that portion of the town, owing to the high winds that swept the flames rapidly from one street to another. At the same time the town was fired in several different places by the villains that had that day been improperly freed from their confinement in the town prison. The town itself was full of drunken negroes and the vilest vagabond soldiers, the various scum of the entire army being collected in the streets. Every measure practicable was adopted to prevent the spreading of the fire; but owing to the gale that was sweeping over the place, the absence of any proper water power, and the fact that the city was filled with both citizens and soldiers who were in no ways disposed to have the scene closed, it was an almost impossibility to arrest the flames. About one-third of the city was destroyed, including the principal part of the business portion of the place.

During the 18th and 19th instant my command remained at and near Columbia. On the 19th a detailed party from my division destroyed 550 bales of cotton that were stored in the town. In addition to this there were 820 bales found piled up in the streets that were also destroyed.

I append a statement of the amount of property belonging to the Confederate Government that was destroyed.

