
assistance the pits were again taken and held, and the enemy driven to his main line. The line thus taken and held was within eighty-eight paces of the enemy's main line. The loss of the brigade in this affair was 1 killed and 21 wounded. Among the latter was Captain Burch, commander of the skirmish line, who received a severe and dangerous wound. The enemy having retired during the night, the brigade, after going on a reconnaissance with the rest of the division as far as Bentonville, marched to Goldsborough and went into camp on Rouse's plantation near that place, where it now is, strongly intrenched.

During the campaign the brigade drew its subsistence mainly form the country. No complaint was made at any time of short supplies, except on one occasion after a day's march of twenty-five miles through a barren pine forest. The wants of the men were at the time supplied by the issue of a quarter ration of hard bread. The men have been supplies with an abundance of the best bacon and poultry foraged from the country. Not a pound of either fresh or salt meat has been drawn from the commissary. All the mills upon the line of march were used to grind corn, and the men have been furnished with a plentiful supply of meal.

I cannot speak too highly of the patient endurance of the officers and men of the brigade. All labors were borne and hardships endured with commendable fortified and cheerfulness.

Justice requires that I make special mention of the members of my staff-Captain Edward Lenfesty, aide-de-camp and picket officer; Captain R. C. Strong, assistant inspector-general; Captain J. A. Jury, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant J. H. Flint, brigade quartermaster; and Lieutenant M. H. Parks, aide-de-camp, all of whom throughout the campaign have discharged their duties with great energy and ability.

I herewith submit a list of killed and wounded and captured. *

I have the honor to be, captain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

W. B. WOODS,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Captain F. H. WILSON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 14. Report of Colonel Reuben Williams, Twelfth Indiana Infantry, of operations March 4-6.

HDQRS. TWELFTH INDIANA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS, Phill's Creek, S. C., March 6, 1865.

SIR: In obedience to instructions received from corps headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the expedition to Florence, S. C., for the purpose of destroying the railroad and station at that place, and that portion of the trestle-work on the road from Society Hill to Florence:

The expedition, consisting of the Seventh and Ninth Illinois and Twenty-ninth Missouri Mounted Infantry and a detachment of the Fifteenth Army Corps foragers, under command of Major Mahon-in

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 men killed, 2 officers and 25 men wounded, and 8 men missing.

---------------

