
all 546 men-left the cross-roads seven miles from Cheraw at 11 a.m. of the 4th day of March, and proceeded to within seven miles of Darlington and went into camp. On the morning of the 5th of March the command proceeded to Darlington, destroying all the trestle-work between Dove's Station and that place, burning the depot building and 250 bales of cotton, and destroying the printing office at Darling. The command immediately headquarters to go to Florence and destroy the depot, rolling stock, &amp;c., at that place. I proceeded steadily forward till I came near where the wagon road crosses the railroad, when a train was discovered coming in the direction of Darlington. The Twenty-ninth Missouri being in the advance immediately deployed on the side of the track for the purpose of capturing it as soon as it came up. The engineer, however, must have discovered us, as the train was turned back to Florence.

The command then moved rapidly forward, and when within about two miles of the place began skirmishing with the enemy. I immediately formed the command in line, with a proper reserve, and ordered a charge, which was made in good style, some of the men gaining the depot building, but were unable either to hold or fire it. About this time the enemy re-enforced his left with infantry and drove back our right in some disorder. I had in the meantime thrown the Seventh Illinois on the left of the line to prevent a flank movement which I discovered was being made by the enemy. I here received notice from an officer who was on picket on the railroad to my rear that a train was informed that a party of about 400 men, with artillery, were getting off the train. Finding that I was outflanked and outnumbered by the enemy, and with a force of 400 proceeded to do so. I fell back in good order, leaving the Ninth Illinois to cover the rear and proceeded in the direction of Darlington. The enemy pursued both in my rear and on my right flank, charging on my rear guard two or three times between Florence and Darlington. On arriving at the latter place I had intended to halt and rest the command, and had given the order to do so, when I received notice that the enemy was approaching in force, and I at once concluded to fall back to Black Creek, which was immediately done, and the bridges over the stream in my immediate vicinity destroyed. About 8 p.m. the pickets informed me that the enemy was moving across Black Creek, on my left, in force, and the report was confirmed by negroes who came into our lines. The evident object of this move was to reach Society Hill before us and cut us off at that point, could return. I therefore concluded to at once move to Society Hill, which I did, arriving I could gather the enemy consisted of two brigades of cavalry and a regiment of infantry, besides a number of militia or refugees which were at that time in the place. The whole force of the enemy was under command of General Robertson. The citizens and negroes informed me that it was a portion of the army which was cut off from the main army by the capture of Cheraw. There were ten pieces of artillery said to have returned from Society Hill to Florence. The fact of the troops arriving by rail from the west would indicate that they were receiving re-enforcements from that direction.

The results of the expedition may be summed up as follows: The destruction of 500 yards of trestle-work, 2 depots, 11 freight and 4 pas-

