
senger cars, 4,000 pounds bacon, 80 bushels wheat, 50 sacks corn, 250 bales of cotton, 1 printing office, 1 caisson and battery wagon, 30 stand of small-arms, and the capture of 31 prisoners. Our casualties are 7 wounded and 8 missing. A lieutenant and one man are reported to have been captured at Society Hill on our return.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

REUB. WILLIAMS,

Colonel Twelfth Indiana Infantry, Commanding Expedition.

Major MAX WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 15. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Abraham J. Seay, Thirty-second Missouri Infantry, commanding Battalion Thirty-first and Thirty-second Missouri Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS CONSOLIDATED BATTALION, THIRTY-FIRST AND THIRTY-SECOND REGTS. MISSOURI VOLS., Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this battalion from the date of leaving Savannah, Ga., January 11, to our arrival at Goldsborough, N. C., March 24, 1865:

The battalion broke camp at Savannah, Ga., on the 11th of January; embarked on transports at Thunderbolt for Beaufort, S. C. ; marched out the Charleston Railroad to Garden's Corners, at which place our brigade did picket and outpost duty, and had frequent light skirmishes with the enemy. On the 30th instant the whole corps moved north, via Pocotaligo and McPhersonville, to Bamberg, on the South Carolina Railroad. On the 8th, 9th, and 10th days of February the command was engaged destroying the railroad, after which we resumed our northward march; crossed the South and North Edisto Rivers, and had frequent skirmishers with the enemy's cavalry, who fell back as we advanced, until February 14, when they made a stand on the west side of Congaree Creek, near its mouth, being strongly intrenched and supported by infantry and artillery. We pressed them close, and they withdrew during the night, and again gave us a brisk fight on the 15th instant, near the bridge which crosses the Congaree River at Columbia, S. C., using their artillery with considerable effect. During the night they pontoons were thrown across the Saluda and Broad Rivers, and on the enemy retreating in the direction of Charlotte, N. C. Here the railroad and a large quantity of Government property was destroyed, including the arsenal. On the 20th the command resumed its march, moving in a northeasterly direction and crossing the Wateree River near Liberty Hill.

We moved on Cheraw, where we arrived on the 4th day of March, 1865. On the 6th instant the command crossed the Great Pedee River on pontoons and arrived at and occupied Fayetteville, N. C., on the 12th of March. The rebel General Hardee retired and crossed Cape Fear River. Several steamers came up the Cand here the first communication with the North was had since our departure

