
from Savannah, Ga. Having destroyed the arsenal, ammunition, cotton, &amp;c., at this post, the army crossed Cape Fear River on pontoons on the 15th instant and marched in the direction of Goldsborough, N. C. On the 21st and 22nd our division, the First, Of the Fifteenth Army Corps, engaged the rebel General Johnston's left flank at Bentonville, N. C., driving him in hasty confusion in the direction of Raleigh, N. C. Our army now marched to and occupied Goldsborough.

Our work was done, and our great leader, General Sherman, pronounced it well done. The loss of the enemy in our front was severe; our loss was comparatively very small.

The entire loss of the battalion under my command was six men and officers wounded. Their names are as follows: Captain William Burch, Company B, shoulder, severely; Private Patrick Kain, Company B, arm, slightly; Private J. O. R. Reaves, Company D, wrist, severely; Private Burt Clouts, Company F, knee, amputated; Private Daniel Payne, Company F, arm, slightly; Private Arthur Rawlins, Company F, arm, slightly.

Many of our men are without shoes and blankets, and but little clothing of any kind, but their health and morale were never better. They feel that under the leadership of "Old Tecumshed" one more short and vigorous campaign must end this the most wicked rebellion of modern times. We have marched over a hostile country almost impassable by reason of its numerous swamps and streams, at a season of the year when the weather is most unfavorable, subsisting on the country, and have driven before us an army mad with desperation; forced the enemy to evacuate Charleston and Wilmington, and whipped Johnston's concentrated forces on his own chosen grounds; then marched into and occupied Goldsborough, to which point the railroad from Wilmington and New Berne will soon be in running order.

I remain, colonel, very respectfull servant,

A. J. SEAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Battalion.

Colonel SAMUEL P. SIMPSON,

Adjutant-General of Missouri.

HEADQUARTERS CONSOLIDATED BATTALION, THIRTY-FIRST AND THIRTY-SECOND REGTS. MISSOURI VOLS., Crystal Springs, near Washington, D. C., May 30, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit a report of the operations of this battalion from the 24th of March, 1865 (date of my last report), to the present time:

After the command had been reclothed at Goldsborough, N. C., we again took the field on the 10th day of April, moving in the direction of Raleigh, the capital of North Carolina. The enemy made but slight resistance, and abandoned the city on the 14th [13th] instant. On the 15th our army passed in review through the city and went into camp about four miles west of it, where remained until General Joe. E. Johnston surrendered. On the 30th instant we began our march to Washington via Petersburg and Richmond. On the 24th day of May, 1865, we were received at the White House by President Johnson and Lieutenant-General Grant. My battalion marched so well that it elicited much admiration and praise. After the review we marched to Crystal Springs, our present camp. Yesterday orders were received for the muster out of all troops whose term of service expires previous to October 1, 1865. Under this order the first nine companies of the old

17 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

