
Thirty-first Regiment will be mustered out. Three companies of the Twenty-seventh and one of the Twenty-ninth Regiment have been assigned to my command. I will give you further particulars hereafter. We move to-day, via Harper's Ferry and Parkersburg, to Louisville, Ky.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SEAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Battalion.

Colonel SAMUEL P. SIMPSON,

Adjutant-General of Missouri.

Numbers 16. Reports of Colonel Robert F. Catterson, Ninety-seventh Indiana Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations February 15-March 25.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Columbia, S. C., February 19, 1865.

CAPTAIN: On the morning of the 15th of February, in compliance with orders received, I moved my brigade from bivouac at a point on the Orangeburg and Columbia road where it crosses Sandy Run, and proceeded in the direction of Columbia. After moving about one mile the enemy was discovered on our front. Four companies of the Fortieth Illinois were deployed as skirmishers, and pushed forward, driving the enemy at a rapid pace as far as Savannah Creek, where he made a stand. Four other companies were sent forward to strengthen the skirmish line and the enemy was driven back to Congaree Creek, where another stand was made. I at once formed line of battle and moved the skirmish line to a point about 300 paces from the enemy's position. At this point the Congaree Creek makes a curve describing something less than a semicircle, running well down to the right of my position. The enemy had constructed a strong barricade of rails across the road. I moved one regiment, the Forty-sixth Ohio, up the creek on the right of the skirmish line, until almost opposite the left the enemy's position. Here the enemy was discovered intrenched on the opposite side of the creek, which rendered it impracticable to advance it farther, as it was exposed to an enfilading fire. I immediately reported the fact to the general commanding, and it was decided to cross above and below the enemy's position. I was ordered to construct a crossing below the bridge, which I did by felling trees across the steam, after which I asked permission to cross my bridge, but it was determined to send a reconnoitering party only. I at this movement rode forward to the skirmish line, and discovering the enemy's attention drawn to a portion of the Third Brigade, who were moving down the river from enemy from his barricade, reaching the bridge (which had been fired) in time to extinguish the flames before it was destroyed. I moved my brigade across the creek and camped about one mile beyond. The enemy evacuated a strong position on the opposite side of the creek, and fell back about two miles to fortified position. During the day the brigade lost in killed, 5; wounded, 10.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,ROBT. F. CATTERSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain FRED. H. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

