
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: A report of the operations of my brigade during the campaign just closed has been furnished to include the occupation of Columbia, S. C., a copy of which please find inclosed.

On the morning of the 20th of February this brigade left Columbia and continued its march northward, nothing worthy of special note transpiring until the morning of the 20th of March. My brigade being in advance of the column met the enemy on the road leading from Cox's Bridge to Bentonville. Six companies of the Ninety-seventh Indiana were thrown forward, when it was relieved by the Sixth Iowa, which drove the enemy briskly to within about three miles of Bentonville, where he made a determined stand. The ammunition of the Sixth Iowa having become exhausted it was relieved by the Forty-sixth Ohio. During its deployed the enemy was discovered turning the left of my skirmishers, having already gained their rear. The One hundredth Indians was hurried forward to check this move, and they accomplished their work with dispatch and marked gallantry. During this time the Forty-sixth Ohio moved forward on double-quick, driving the enemy from his strong barricade of rails in splendid style. I immediately moved the brigade forward to the position thus gained, and fortified it, at the same time advancing my skirmishers half a mile, when it was halted, and in this position I awaited further orders. Late in the afternoon we moved forward several hundred paces to a strong position, which was also fortified. In this position we camped for the night. On the morning of the 21st my skirmishers--One hundred and third Illinois-drove the enemy from a line of strong rifle-pits, which at some portions of the line were within forty paces of his main works. This move was made in a very satisfactory manner, and fully developed the enemy's position. During this advance Adjt. Frank Lermond, One hundred and third Illinois, was severely wounded while gallantly urging his men forward. My brigade was again advanced and its position fortified. The Twenty-sixth Illinois was sent forward to relieve the One hundred and third Illinois, and taking position suffered some from a flank fire caused by the falling back of a portion of the line on my left. On the morning of the 22nd my skirmishers again moved forward at daylight and found the enemy's works evacuated. Two companies of the Twenty-sixth Illinois, supported by the remainder of the regiment, were moved forward as skirmishers on the road leading to Bentonville, and reached the brigade across Mill Creek, near that place, in time to extinguish the flames (the enemy having fired it), and in a very few moments after the enemy's rear guard had crossed. I immediately crossed with my brigade, and skirmishing again commenced, we driving our opponents in wild confusion beyond Hannah's Creek. The brigade over this stream was also on fire, and was saved only by the fearless daring of my men, who rushed forward and extinguished the flames. At this point I received orders to recross Mill Creek and take a position covering the bridge. This I immediately did and bivouacked for the night. At Bentonville the enemy was so closely pressed that he left 40 of our wounded and 12 rebel wounded in our possession. The brigade also captured 91 prisoners and 82 stand of arms and accouterments.

During the three days' skirmishing mentioned all, both officers and men, deserve great credit for their gallant conduct.

