
this date to the 7th day of February, at which time we had some skirmishing between the foragers and enemy's cavalry in the vicinity of Ramberg, on the South Carolina Railroad, the One hundred and third Regiment having the Advance. We remained here during the 8th, destroying railroad. March on the 9th of February. 15th, we relieved the Fortieth Illinois on the skirmishes line at 10 a.m., near Congaree Creek. Found the enemy strongly posted on the south bank of the creek. An advance across the open plain in front being deemed by our brigade commander inexpedient a flanking column was ordered to the left to strike the enemy in flank, during the execution of which a general advance of the whole line was ordered, when the enemy was driven from his position in handsome style across the creek into his main works. In a few moments he abandoned his works and they were immediately occupied by the One hundred and third Regiment. In this affair the regiment sustained loss of six men killed and wounded.

On the evening of March 20 we relieved the Forty-sixth Ohio in the advance line, which confronted the enemy near Bentonville, N. C. During the night we received the brigade commander's order to advance our line at 45 a.m. and develop the enemy's position. In accordance with his order our whole line advanced at the time indicated and soon found the enemy in position and in force. By some misapprehension of orders the brigade on our left did not advance in conjunction with us, and we were therefore compelled to return to our former position. At 2 p.m. we were ordered again to advance our line, which we did, soon receiving a brisk fire from the enemy's outer works, which we carried, quickly driving the outer line into their main works. We took possession of the enemy's pits and held them until relieved by the Twenty-sixth Illinois at sundown.

Major Wills commanded the left wing and displayed his usual bravery and good sense. Captain Bishop, of Company A, is entitled to particular mention for the gallant manner in which he held his position when the line on his right had given way in disorder. The adjutant was wounded while behaving in the most gallant manner. All behaved well, both officers and men, no instances of cowardice or skulking having occurred.

We moved from the battle-ground on the 23rd and arrived at our present camp on the 24th.

I have, colonel, the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. WRIGHT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Colonel R. F. CATTERSON.]

Numbers 18. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward N. Upton, Forty-sixth Ohio Infantry, of operations January 27-March 24.

HDQRS. FORTY-SIXTH OHIO VET. VOL. INFANTRY, Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with instructions received from your headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the past campaign:

Friday, January 27, we broke camp at Beaufort, S. C., and took our position in the brigade line and marched to Garden's Corners, where

