
the brigade halted until the morning of the 30th. From that date until February 14 we marched each day with the brigade, not anything worthy of note occurring.

Wednesday, February 15, after the brigade had marched two miles from where it camped the night before, skirmishing commenced, and the enemy was pushed back to his works on Congaree Creek. Here a line of battle was formed and the colonel commanding the brigade ordered me to take my command and move out to the right of the skirmish line and protect that flank. I immediately faced the regiment to the right and moved over to the left bank of the creek, then filed left, and moved up to the line, using the bank of the creek so as not to be observed by the enemy. On reaching the point designated by Colonel Catterson I halted and went into line, throwing three companies, commanded by Captain John B. Foster, forward as skirmishers. I awaited orders until about 2 o'clock, when, I discovered that the enemy was trying to fall back across the creek, when I ordered three more companies forward, under command of Captain John B. Neil, with orders to push rapidly forward and save the road bridge that was already partially on fire. He started immediately on the double-quick for the bridge, his men firing as they went, which confused the enemy's movements so much that he did not fire his artillery until after the men had reached the brigade and a few had run on to it. He then opened his artillery, firing canister at the bridge. I now ordered the three companies under Captain Foster to move farther up the creek. After some slight firing I saw that the enemy was retiring from his line of works and immediately pushed these there companies across the creek on a foot log, and entered the enemy's works, he still being in gunshot range but retiring slowly. Only a few shots were exchanged after crossing the creek. I was now ordered to assemble the regiment on the road and take my proper place in the brigade. Soon after we formed a line of battle and moved forward (the enemy still retiring) and bivouacked for the night. After dark 100 men were sent out on picket, under command of Lieutenants Wright and Sckock. At an early hour the next morning they pushed their line forward and found that the enemy had left another line of intrenchments, crossed Congaree River, and burned the bridge after him. When the regiment moved forward they joined it with their men.

From February 16 until the morning of March 20 was the usual marching with the brigade. On that morning a short time after leaving camp the advance commenced skirmishing. About 10 a.m. the colonel commanding ordered me to deploy the regiment as skirmishers with the center on the road, to move forward and relieve the Sixth Iowa Infantry, who were then on the skirmish line and out of ammunition. On arriving on their lines I found that the enemy was posted across the road behind high and heavy rail-works. This position was where the Smithfield road enters the Goldsborough and Fayetteville road, about three miles southeast of Bentonville. Believing that it could be carried by a rapid and spirited assault, I gave the command, "double-quick," and the men took the step bravely and with cheers, reserving their fire until they reached the works from which the enemy were flying in disorder and confusion. From the amount of shots numbered between 400 and 500 infantry and cavalry, outnumbering my command two to one. I found two of his

