
dead, left on the field. If he had any wounded they succeeded in getting away. There were seven or eight dead horses and mules just behind the works. My loss was 4 killed and 7 wounded. The enemy having retired on the Smithfield road, I charged direction to the right and followed him until I found he had a position on hill, with a small creek and swamp between us. Here I halted and skirmished with him until dark, when we were relieved by the One hundred and third Illinois Infantry.

While in this position Lieutenant John Ackerman succeeded in crawling out to the front about 100 yards, where he found a man belonging to the Thirty-third Ohio Infantry, Fourteenth Army Corps, who had been shot the day before through both legs, and carried him into our lines on his back. I mention this because it was a brave and humane act on the part of Lieutenant Ackerman.

About noon on the following day the brigade was moved forward and we threw up a line of strong earth-works. The next morning, the enemy having evacuated, we moved forward to Bentonville with the brigade, returning to our line of works the following morning at 4 o'clock. On the evening of the 24th we reached our present position.

Before concluding this report I cannot refrain from mentioning the exemplary conduct of both officers and men while on the campaign under trying circumstances, viz: night marching, bad roads and rainy weather. Each and all performed the duties assigned them with cheerfulness and alacrity. There is no need of making particular mention of any individual act; all have done bravely and nobly.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD N. UPTON,

Lieutenant Colonel Forty-sixth Ohio Vet. Infty., Commanding Regiment

Numbers 19. Reports of Colonel George A. Stone, Twenty-fifth Iowa Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations January 10-March 26.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Near Columbia, S. C., February 19, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully report the section taken by my command in capturing the city of Columbia:

On the evening of the 16th instant I received orders from Brevet Major-General Woods to have my command in readiness to cross Broad River in the boats of the pontoon train at a point to be designated by Colonel Tweeddale, of the First Missouri Engineers, and so soon as crossed to move at once on the city. The point of crossing designated was about half a mile above the wreck of the bridge and about two miles above the city of Columbia. We expected to have effected a crossing and to have moved on the city of Columbia. We expected to have effected a crossing and to have moved on the city by daylight, but the current of the river was so strong the engineers did not succeed in getting a line across until 3 o'clock of the morning of the 17th instant. At 3. 50 o'clock I sent over two loads of sharpshooters, under Captain Bowman, of my staff, with instructions to put them out as pickets or skirmishers, the center of his line to be opposite the crossing and at least seventy-five yards distant, with the flanks resting on the river. He had particular instructions to keep his men quiet and not to reply to any firing of the enemy unless satisfied they meant an attack on his. I went over with the advance of the first regiment, Thirty-first Iowa, Lieutenant-

