
Colonel Jenkins, and made a personal reconnaissance of the ground. I found I had landed on a small island about 200 yards in length, 25 yards in width, and in the shape of a crescent. I at once put up a line of works and by this time four regiments had crossed. The enemy was now discovered to be very active, their skirmishers annoying us considerably. Form a movement of troops toward his right, I was satisfied the enemy was endeavoring to re-enforce his line, and that to insure success I should at once attack without waiting for the remainder of the brigade. Accordingly I made the following disposition of my troops for the attack: The Thirty-first Iowa, Lieutenant-Colonel Jenkins commanding, was moved across the island toward the north, nearly parallel with the river, until I found his left about opposite the enemy's right. I next ordered up Major Abernathy, commanding Ninth Iowa, with his regiment, his right resting on Colonel Jenkins' left, and his (Major Abernathy's) left toward the river, with directions that when the assault was ordered he should change direction to the right on the double-quick in order to turn the enemy's right and also strike him in the rear. These disposition is being made to my satisfaction, I returned to the island and ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Roberts to assault directly in front of it, the Twenty-fifth Iowa, Lieutenant-Colonel Palmer commanding, to follow as a reserve, and sent word to Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols, commanding Fourth Iowa, to join Lieutenant-Colonel Palmer as fast as his men had crossed. Everything now in readiness, the signal was given and the assault made by all the regiments at the same time. The result proved no mistake, either in the planning or the execution. Before the enemy was hardly aware of it we were right into his skirmish line. The Thirtieth Iowa here captured thirty prisoners, I accompanied this regiment, and can by personal observation testify to the gallant manner in which they made the assault. In front of the island were a number of small bayous running parallel with the river, about twenty feet wide and some of them waist deep. Few stopped to find logs on which to cross, but plunged in, holding guns and cartridge-boxes above the water. I found Colonel Palmer's brigade of infantry, of General Stevenson's division, and apparently a regiment of cavalry, were the troops disputing the crossing. Having driven the enemy in our front, and noticing a demonstration on his right to turn my left, I ordered a halt and commenced throwing up a line of works while waiting for the advance of Brevet Brigadier-General Woods' brigade to get over. So soon as I discovered this brigade had commenced crossing, I moved for the city, easily driving the regiment of cavalry that disputed our advance.

We had arrived within about a mile of the city, when a carriage displaying a flag of truce approached containing Mr. Goodwin, mayor of Columbia, and the city aldermen, who came of offer terms of capitulation. I refused anything but an unconditional surrender the city of Columbia. I joined the party in the carriage, accompanied by Major Anderson, of the Fourth Iowa, and Captain Pratt, of General Logan's staff, and left the brigade under the temporary charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Jenkins, Thirty-first Iowa, and precede the column about half a mile. When near the suburbs of the city I noticed some of the advanced skirmishers, say fifteen in number, being driven back by apparently a battalion of rebel cavalry. I at once called a corporal and three men, who happened to be near me, and put the mayor and aldermen in the corporal's charge, and with Major Anderson took about forty of my flankers and advanced on the cavalry. The corporal was

