
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders I respectfully report a summary of the part taken by this command in the campaign just ended:

The campaign commenced on the 10th day of January, and ended with my command on the 26th day of March, making the duration two months and sixteen days. On the 10th day of January last I had orders to march from our camp, near Savannah, Ga., to Fort Thurderbolt. On the 12th of January I took shipping at Fort Thunderbolt For Beaufort, S. C., with all the regiments of my command save one, the Twenty-fifth Iowa, which was left behind to assist in fetching up the transportation of the division. This regiment reported to me in camp, near Beaufort, S. C., on the 14th of January, 1865. On the 27th day of January we broke up camp and resumed the march. During this campaign this brigade has had four engagements with the enemy. First at Little Congaree Creek, near Columbia, S. C., on the 15th day of February last. The Second Brigade of this division had the advance on that day and commenced skirmishing with the enemy within two miles of the camp we had left that morning. They drove the enemy without further assistant until near Little Congaree Creek, when from the nature of the ground the enemy was enabled to make a stubborn resistance. Here my bridge was ordered up and went into position on the ordered to form in two lines of battle, two regiments front and the other regiment, the Fourth Iowa, to cover the front as skirmishers and to move forward to effect a crossing of the Little Congaree Creek if possible. Immediately in front of the Fourth Iowa was swamp about waist deep and about 200 yards wide. The regiment did not falter at this tenant-Colonel Nichols. We were now about 500 yards above the position held by the rebels on Little Congaree Creek, and a branch of the same stream intervening between us and the creek itself. It was discovered our present position flanked an outpost of the enemy on the same side of the stream we were now on, and three companies of the Fourth Iowa and four companies of the Ninth Iowa were ordered to attack this outpost. Major Anderson, Fourth Iowa, commanded the skirmishers making the attack, and Captain Bowman, Ninth Iowa, commanded the reserve. The attack was made with great vigor and was entirely successful. The enemy could not withstand the impetuosity of the skirmishers and broke after a few minutes' fighting to the opposite side of the creek. I now moved my command forward to the branch of the Little Congaree, separating us from the main creek, and with the Fourth Iowa went about three-quarters of a mile up the creek to a point beyond the enemy's right flank and in their rear. I ordered the Fourth Iowa to cross here on the log as quietly as possible, intending so soon as that regiment had crossed to support it with two other regiments and attack the enemy from the rear. Had I succeeded in this arrangement I have no doubt I should have captured the enemy's artillery and many prisoners, but the men first over discovered themselves to be enemy and he immediately commenced preparations to leave. The skirmishers drove him off before the column could get over, and this opened the crossing to Little Congaree Creek. Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols and Major Anderson, of the Fourth Iowa, and Captain Bowman, of the Ninth Iowa, deserve notice for the gallant manner in which they did their duty.

