
the center and the Ninth Iowa on the left. The Twenty-fifth Iowa and the Thirty-first Iowa were in the rear, held in reserve. We put up a temporary line of works under fire of the enemy, and at 2 o'clock I received orders to charge the enemy's skirmish line, 150 yards in my front in good skirmish pits. We captured the pits with but slight loss, but the enemy evinced so much determination to regain them that the fighting became very sharp. The enemy's main line of battle, behind good works, was by actual measurement but 100 yards from these skirmish pits, and he fired from the works by volley. At three different times they followed up the fire by volley by an assault on my skirmishers. Their men swarmed over the charged gallantly, but I had re-enforced the line till I had nearly a line of battle, and our incessant firing prevented them from charging as a perfect organization and every charge was repulsed. The orders came to me so positive to hold the ground I had already gained, even from Generals Howard and Logan, that I should have done so or ruined the brigade.

At night I relieved the skirmish line with the Thirty-first Iowa, Lieutenant-Colonel Jenkins commanding. Colonel Jenkins managed the new line admirably. It rained a great deal during the night, but his men worked faithfully, and he put up quite a strong line of works so near the enemy that the conversation had to be carried on in whispers. Captain Teale, of the Fourth Iowa, deserves especial notice for his gallantry in holding the most exposed and dangerous part of the line. I regret to announce this gallant young officer was very severely wounded in the leg. Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols and Major Anderson, of the Fourth Iowa, deserve mention for voluntarily going on the skirmish line at a time when there was some wavering manifested. Captain Bowman, of my staff, also exposed himself freely and deserves notice. I mention these officers from personal observation, as twice during the day I deemed it my duty to go on the skirmish line--Captain Inman, Ninth Iowa; Lieutenant Shields, Fourth Iowa; Lieutenant Sharp, Ninth Iowa; Lieutenant Rifley, Thirtieth Iowa, are all reported to me to have behaved well and set a good example to their men. The loss on the skirmish line was quite severe. I sent you an official list of the casualties the same night and the prisoners captured.

ON the morning of the 22d, half an hour before day, I rode out to the advanced post and ordered a patrol forward to feel of the enemy, but it was soon discovered he had left during the night. I at once sent word to the general commanding the division, and with a detachment of the Thirty-first followed him up. Everything indicated a precipitate retreat. A few stragglers were picket up. Some of their dead and wounded were found near the roadside uncared for, and quite a number of small-arms, haversacks, and clothing were found scattered in their deserted camp. Just at sunrise I ran onto their rear guard, composed of cavalry, and my detachment being too small to fight it I covered the road with a few men to make an effect and ordered some ten or fifteen men as skirmishers to annoy the enemy until a regiment which I had just ordered up (the Thirty-first Iowa) should arrive. Very soon after this ordered up (the Thirty-first Iowa) should arrive. Very soon after this our entire division moved to Bentonville, where we remained during the day, and at sundown we returned to the camp we had left in the morning. The graves of seventeen rebel officers in my front indicates that the enemy suffered severely in killed and wounded. On our march toward Goldsborough on the 23rd instant I had the good fortune to have the post of honor, rear guard for the Army of the Tennessee. The rear guard of my command fell upon the Twenty-fifth Iowa.

