
On the 24th instant I was ordered to remain at the pontoon bridge over the Neuse River, near Goldsborough, to cover the crossing of our corps train, and on the 26th instant I rejoined the division in camp near Goldsborough.

During the campaign just closed this brigade has been in four engagements, with the following loss: Killed, 7; wounded, 64; missing, 12. We have captured and turned over the provost-marshal 145 prisoners of war. In taking the city of Columbia, S. C., we captured 43 pieces of artillery, about 5,000 stand of arms, immense quantities of ammunition and ordnance stores, and released 40 officers confined there. We have marched 485 miles, made 15,037 yards of corduroy roads, and have destroy 3 miles of railroad. The brigade is in excellent health and spirits, but very ragged.

My thanks are due all staff officers-Captain John N. Bell, Twenty-fifth Iowa; Captain A. Bowman, Ninth Iowa; Lieuts. Samuel W. Snow and Baron H. Crane, Twenty-fifth Iowa (now in the hands of the enemy), and Lieutenant John W. Gilman, Thirty-first Iowa-for the zeal manifested by them during the entire campaign to do their whole duty.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. STONE,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Iowa Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Captain FRED H. WILSON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 20. Report of Asst. Surg. Samuel C. Rogers, Thirtieth Iowa Infantry, of operations April 10.

PETTIGREW HOSPITAL, Raleigh, April 25, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Since my report of the 15th, which I inclose, I have seen some of the men with me at the time of the attack, and am happy to larn that all escaped in the woods excepting four, who were captured but made their escape the first night; all of whom returned to Goldsborough and have just rejoined their several commands.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. C. ROGERS,

Assistant Surgeon, Thirtieth Iowa.

THIRTIETH IOWA INFANTRY, MEDICAL DEPARTMENT, In the Field, near Raleigh, N. C., April 15, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report, after having complied with orders from Surg. John Moore, medical director, Army of the Tennessee, and provided for those who were unable to proceed with their commands:

The army moved from Goldsborough on Monday, April 10, I following on the next day with twenty-three hospital attendants and convalescents. About nine miles from Goldsborough, at the plantation of Jack Coley, I was informed by negroes that there were bushwhackers

