
near, and had been at this place but a short time before. I at once had all those who had guns (being only nine) to load them and proceed cautiously forward. But we had advanced less than one mile when we were attacked by a mounted force, compelling us to take to the woods for shelter. Myself, with one of the drivers, returned on the road to Coley's place and were directed by the blacks to take a by-road around the plantation, which would enable us to reach the railroad. In this we succeeded, crossing the railroad half a mile below Pikeville. We then overtook the rear guard of the main train, and I then returned to the point of attack with Lieutenant Harvey and nine men of the Thirty-first Iowa. We found our train had been plundered of everything. I lost all my personal effects and all my papers, both private and official. None of the men could be found, and after cheering and receiving no response, we gathered up the remnants of our train and joined the mein train about midnight. I have since seen one of the party attacked, William Michael, Eighty-third Indiana, Company G, who says that he was the only one of the twenty-two who took to the woods who escaped, he having secreted himself till after dark and then came in. I have been informed by a soldier who was in the vicinity at het time of the attack (which was about 4 p.m.) that just before dark he heard a volley of fifteen or twenty guns. I fear they have all been shot. I also was told by the negroes that the son of Jack Coley, and also the son of Bill Lewis, were with the bushwhackers. This was also confirmed by a family of whites near by, who had seen a party of nine or ten just before dark.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. C. ROGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Near Raleigh, N. C., April 15, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

GEO. A. STONE,Colonel, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Beaver Dam Creek, April 16, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded for the consideration of the general commanding.

CHAS. R. WOODS,Brevet Major-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Morrisville, N. C., April 17, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Brevet Major-General Woods, commanding First Division, for thorough investigation and report. He will please the apprehensions of the surgeon are well founded.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

