
[Four indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Raleigh, N. C., April 22, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Assistant Surgeon Rogers, Thirtieth Iowa Infantry, who will please indorse any additional information or confirmation that he may have concerning the affair referred to within. He will also give the name and regiment of the soldier who gave him the information that at dark on the evening of the attack some fifteen or twenty shots were head. Was it near the place, or where the prisoners were supposed to have been carried? Did Lieutenant Harvey make any search through the timber and country after evidence of the missing men? This paper merely speaks of him and his men cheering without receiving any response. Was there any evidence further than the fact that some soldier hard fifteen or twenty shots fired that led Surgeon Rogers to believe the prisoners were foully dealt with?

By order of Bvt. Major General C. R. Woods:

F. H. WILSON,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 21. Reports of Major General William B. Hazen, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations January 1-March 24.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Poplar Springs, S. C., February 21, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command from the crossing of Sandy Run to the evacuation of Columbia:

February 14, the command crossed Sandy Run at 2 p.m. and marched on Columbia road there miles and a half to Thomas' Creek, within supporting distance of the First Division. Captured seven prisoners to-day. February 15, marched on old State road in rear of First Division, which engaged the enemy at Congaree Creek, where one gun of De Gress' battery participated. As soon as the First Division had effected a crossing this command followed, marching one mile, taking up a position in front of enemy's line on the right of the First Division, and with the right resting on Congaree River. This position was intrenched at night. Shortly afterward the enemy opened a battery from the opposite bank of river, nearly enfilading our line. One officer and two men were wounded, the former mortally. Distance marched, seven miles. February 16, the skirmish line was advanced along the road, reaching the Congaree bridge, four miles, at daylight. The bridge was burned. The command moved forward at 8 a.m., the enemy firing from opposite bank and wounding two men severely. One section De Gress' battery and a regiment of sharpshooters engaged the battery on opposite bank, and succeeded in silencing it for the time. One section of the battery was brought forward and engaged in shelling the city. It being deemed impracticable to attempt a crossing at the Congaree bridge the command moved at 11 a.m. two miles up the river to the Saluda brigade, which being burned, two regiments of the First Brigade were crossed in pontoon-boats and pushed forward, driving the enemy from the opposite bank. The remainder of this followed,

