
driving the enemy rapidly across to and through the Broad River bridge, but did not succeed in saving the bridge from being fired and burned by the enemy. The command camped at this point at 5. 30 p.m., having marched eight miles. Casualties, 1 officer and 2 men wounded. Captured 8 prisoners. February 17, the command marched at 3 p.m. in rear of the corps, leaving the train behind, and crossing Broad River on the pontoon bridge, marched through the city at 5. 30 p.m. and took position one miles beyond on the Columbia and South Carolina Railroad, having marched five miles. February 18, the Third Brigade was sent through the city at 3 a.m. to clear the city and prevent further destruction of property. The command was employed during the day in destroying the railroad. February 19, the command finished destroying the half of the length of railroad assigned to it and the Fourth Division, being 7 1\2 miles, in addition to which 3 cannon, a large amount of machinery for a rolling mill, and 6 stationary engines found on the line of road were destroyed. Captain 4 prisoners. February 20, the command marched at 8 a.m. on the Camden road.

Casualties: Officers, 2; men, 4. Number of miles marched, 23 1\2. Enemy captured, 19. Property destroyed, 7 1\2 miles railroad, machinery, rolling-mills, and foundry, three 10-pounder Parrott guns.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.

Major MAXWOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1864.

In obedience to orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of this division since leaving Savannah, Ga.:

After remaining at that city from January 1 to the 14th the division moved at 6 a.m. of that day for Thunderbolt Bay, where it embarked during the 14th, 15th, and 16th, arriving same days at Beaufort, S. C., where it was established in camp, and remained till the 24th, when nine regiments were moved out to repair the road to Port Royal Ferry, a distance of nine miles, and on the 30th the entire command moved over that ferry, commencing the campaign in South Carolina, and moving out to Pocotaligo Station. Leaving Pocotaligo on the 1st of February, we marched to Laurel Hill Church, and on the 2nd marched to Lopez's Cross-Roads, skirmishing with the enemy, which the division lost 5 wounded and the enemy 2 killed. On the 3rd the command remained in camp, skirmishing across Duck Creek, which was afterward crossed by the Third Brigade. Casualties, 1 killed and 1 wounded. On the 5th the command crossed the Great Salkehatchie, and on the 6th crossed the Little Salkehatchie and encamped at Springton Church. On the 7th we moved on the Charleston and Augusta Railroad, which was struck at Bamberg. On the 8th one brigade made a reconnaissance to the South Edisto River, while the others destroyed the railroad. On the 9th the command moved to Holman's Bridge, which was burned, the enemy holding the opposite bank. Troops were crossed on fallen tree late at evening, and during the night the enemy withdrew. Our casualties were 2

