
wounded. On the 10th moved across the South Edisto, going into and intrenching the position, and on the 11th moved out to Poplar Springs, and on the 12th moved to North Edisto, where the enemy was found in considerable strength on the opposite bank. Troops were sent above and below, while two regiments were deployed and moved down to the bank, and by felling trees into the water crossings were made at three points, and the entire command moved across, being compelled to wade in deep water about half a mile. Colonel W. S. Jones was moved down upon the enemy's right flank, completely routing him, capturing some 80. Our casualties were 5 wounded.

The command then moved on Columbia, reaching Congaree Creek and crossing it the 15th, taking up and intrenching a position two miles north of it. During the night the enemy, from across the Congaree River, threw they continued next morning, inflicting slight loss. The command was moved on the 16th opposite the city, and afterward to Saluda Factory, where two regiments of Colonel Theodore Jones' brigade were pushed across the Saluda River in boats, under the fire of a small force of the enemy, whecipitately across to the Broad River, a distance of about two miles. He here crossed the bridge and burned it. Three men were wounded to-day. On the 17th the command marched through Columbia, taking post about one the 18th one brigade, General Oliver's, was sent through the town to clear it of disorderly men, which was done under the superintendence of General Oliver himself in a very satisfactory manner. During the day the portion of the Columbia and Charleston Railroad assigned the division was destroyed, and on the 20th marched on Camden, but turned to the left in the direction of Peay's Ferry, which was reached the 22d, and on the 23rd moved through Liberty Hill, and on the 24th moved to the Marengo Mills, passing the suburbs of Camden, one regiment only passing through that town. Some skirmishing to-day; one rebel killed and several captured. On the 25th and 26th the command moved to Kelly's Bridge, over Lynch's Creek, but the rains had raised the water so as to make the flats impassable. We remained here for the water to subside till the 28th, when we commenced the construction of a trestle bridge, which consisted of over ninety trestles, and was completed in twenty hours, when the command moved over and out to Black Creek, which was reached March 2.

During the month of February the division marched 253 miles. It had 22 men killed and wounded; killed and captured 90 of the enemy.

On the 3rd [instant] the march toward Cheraw was resumed, reaching that place on the 4th, and on the 5th crossed the Great Pedee, and remained in camp on the 6th at Harrington's plantation. On the 7th, 8th, and 9th the command moved forward toward Fayetteville, crossing Lumber River on the last-named day, and encamped at Bethel Church. It rained severely after the arrival of the troops and previous to the arrival of many of the trains. The entire day, the 10th, was occupied in corduroying roads, and on the 11th the command moved twenty miles, campaign at Little Rockfish Creek. On the 12th marched to Fayetteville, where we remained till the 14th, when we moved across Cape Fear River, camping one mile east of that stream. From this point all refugees, some 104 white and 465 black, were sent to Wilmington. On the 15th the march was resumed in the direction of Goldsborough, which was continued at slow stages till midnight of the 19th,

18 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

