
success of this campaign, been compelled to bear the odium of such conduct. But by a proper attention to this class of duty (foraging), which may at any time became the most important in an army, there is no reason why its dignity should be less conspicuous than its importance.

I have also to call especial attention to the inclosed list for promotions.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.

Major MAX WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Goldsborough, N. C., April 4, 1864.

Recommendations for promotion.

First. Colonel Theodore Jones, Thirtieth Ohio, colonel commanding First Brigade, to be brigadier-general of volunteers for conspicuous service at Jonesborough, August 321, 1864, at Fort McAllister, December 13, 1864, and for constant and meritorious attention to duty as brigade commander in the George and South Carolina campaigns.

Second. Colonel Wells S. Jones, Fifty-third Ohio, commanding Second Brigade, to be brevet brigadier-general of volunteers for meritorious service at Jonesborough, August 31, 1864, at Fort McAllister, December 13, 1864, where he was severely wounded, and for constant attention to duty as brigade commander on the Georgia and South Carolina campaign.

Third. Captain Francis De Gress, Battery H, First Illinois Artillery, to be brevet major for constant and meritorious attention to duty as captain of a battery in front of Atlanta, and on the Georgia and South Carolina campaigns.

Fourth. Captain Cyprus A. Earnest, Thirtieth Ohio, acting inspector-general, Second Division, to be brevet major of volunteers for constant and meritorious service on the Georgia and South Carolina campaigns, and for conspicuous attention to duty at Jonesborough, August 31, 1864, and at McAllister, December 13, 1864.

Fifth. Captain John W. Cornyn, commissary of subsistence, to be brevet major for the masterly administration of his department in the Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, on the Georgia and South Carolina campaigns.

Sixth. First Lieutenant Thaddeus H. Capron, regimental quartermaster Fifty-fifth Illinois Veteran Infantry and acting assistant quartermaster Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, to be brevet captain for his great industry and good service in administering his department in the South Carolina campaign.

Seventh. Acting Lieutenant John R. Scupham, Battery, H, First Illinois Veteran Artillery, to the brevet captain for conspicuous gallantry and good conduct at Jonesborough, August 31, 1864, at McAllister, December 13, 1864, and for valuable services on the Georgia and South Carolina campaigns.

