
FIRST BRIGADE.

Eighth, Captain Giles Hand, Fifty-fifth Illinois Veteran Infantry, to be brevet major, for constant good conduct and courage in all the skirmishes on the Georgia and South Carolina campaigns, and for a severe wound received in action at Bentonville, N. C., March 20, 1865.

Ninth. First Lieutenant Theophilus Paesler, Thirtieth Ohio Veteran Infantry, to be brevet captain for constant, brave, and good conduct int the skirmishers on the Georgia and South Carolina campaigns, and for a severe wound received in action at Bentonville, N. C., March 20, 1865.

Tenth. First Lieutenant Cyrus M. De Lany, adjutant Thirtieth Ohio Veteran Infantry, to be brevet captain for conspicuous gallantry in all the battles and skirmishes the regiment has been engaged in.

Eleventh. First Lieutenant James W. McElravye, Thirtieth Ohio Veteran Infantry, to be brevet captain for constant gallantry and good conduct in all the battles his regiments has been engaged in.

SECOND BRIGADE.

Twelfth. Colonel Augustus C. Parry, Forty-seventh Ohio Veteran Infantry, to be brevet brigadier-general for conspicuous gallantry in leading his regiment to the assault of Fort McAllister, December 13, 1864.

Thirteenth. Lieutenant Colonel Israel T. Moore, commanding Fiftyfourth Ohio Veteran Infantry, to be brevet colored for conspicuous gallantry in leading his regiment to the assault of McAllister, December 13, 1864.

Fourteenth. Major William Mabry, One hundred and eleventh Illinois Volunteers Infantry, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel for gallantry in leading his regiment at the assault of McAllister, December 13, 1864.

Fifteenth. Major Thomas T. Taylor, Forty-seventh Ohio Veteran Infantry, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel for gallantry in the assault on Fort McAllister, December 13, 1864, and for a severe wound received in a hand to hand combat at that assault.

Sixteenth. Captain John Bell, Fifty-fourth Ohio Veteran Infantry, acting aide-de-camp, to be brevet major for gallantry in the assault of Fort McAllister, December 13, 1864.

Seventeenth. Captain Henry Bremfoerder, Forty-seventh Ohio Veteran Infantry, to be brevet major for distinguished service rendered in the assault of Fort McAllister, December 13, 1864.

THIRD BRIGADE.

Eighteenth. Lieutenant Colonel F. S. Hutchinson, Fifteenth Michigan Veteran Infantry, to be brevet colonel for distinguished service in leading his regiment at the assault of Fort McAllister, December 13, 1864.

Nineteenth. Lieutenant Colonel H. L. Philips, Seventieth Ohio Veteran Infantry, to be brevet colonel for distinguished service in leading his regiment at the assault of Fort McAllister, December 13, 1864.

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.

ADDENDA.

Official list of casualties in Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, since leaving Savannah, Ga., January 14, 1865, up to the present date, March 24, 1865. *

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

