
orders Captain De Gress, commanding Battery H, First Illinois Light Artillery, reported to this command for duty. January 26, to-day the column moved out to Gray's Hill, seven mils from the city, where camped, having marched five miles. January 27, finished the road to-day, having built since the 24th 3,670 yards of corduroy. January 28, in same place preparing for campaign. January 29, the supply train and remainder or troops having arrived by water, arrangements for marching were completed by drawing supplies, 7c. The command was reviewed this p.m. by General Hazen. January 30, marched this a.m. at 7 o'clock, crossing the Coosaw River at Prot Royal Ferry, and taking the Pocolatigo road, which point we reached at 2 p.m. ; then road, where camped at 3. 30 p.m., having marched seventeen miles. January 31, remained in camp at Pocotaligo Station. Number of miles marched, twenty-four. Total distance traveled, eighty-four miles.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. EARNEST,

Captain, 30th Ohio Vols., Actg. Asst. Insp. General, 2nd Div., 15th A. C.

Lieutenant Colonel L. E. YORKE,

Assistant Inspector-General, Fifteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, OFFICE ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL, Before Columbia, S. C., February 16, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of this command from February 1 to the present date:

February 1, marched at 7 a.m., reaching McPhersonville (five miles() at 8. 45 a.m., where we halted two hours, then moved on through Brailsfordville to Sand Hill Church, near Alligator Creek, where camped, having marched thirteen miles. February 2, marched at 6. 30 a.m., crossing Alligator Creek and many swamps during the day, on account of which the marching was very severe. The infantry marched on the right of the road and crossing all of the swamps on fallen trees. The enemy was encountered a few miles from Loper's Cross-Roads, but driven without difficulty beyond that point by two regiments of the First Brigade. Two of the enemy were killed and five of our men wounded. Camped at this point, having marched seventeen miles. February 3, remained in same position during to-day. The Third Brigade effected a crossing of Duck Creek this morning. One gun of De Gress' battery was also engaged. The enemy was driven three miles beyond the creek. Our casualties were 1 man killed and 1 officer wounded. Captured 1 prisoners. February 4, this morning thirty wagons from supply train were sent back for additional supplies. Seven men who had the small-pox were sent back also. The command marched at 12 m. on road to Angley's Post-Office, which was reached at 5 p.m. ; distance, eight miles. The road was corduroyed nearly all the way by three regiments sent ahead of the command. Had a small skirmish with enemy this evening, who captured 2 horses and wounded 2 men. One rebel man was killed. February 5, marched at 9 a.m. Crossed Great Salkehatchie on Buford's Bridge, six miles and a half from Angely's, at 12 m. Marched one mile after crossing on Barnwell road, where camped at 3 p.m., having marched eight miles. February 6, marched at 12 m. on Orangeburg road in rear of column, crossing Little Salkehatchie at dark and camping at Springtown Church, one mile from the river, at 8. 30 p. m., having marched eight miles. Railroad

