
all night. The thirty wagons sent from Loper's Cross-Roads rejoined the column, not having any supplies, as they had been turned back at Hickory Hill. Captured one prisoner to-day. February 7, cold and rainy. Marched at daylight in rear of First Division and on Orangeburg road, reaching the Charleston and August Railroad at Bamberg Station at 11 a.m., and camped one mile west, having marched eight miles. The Third Brigade destroyed one mile of the railroad toward Midway. February 8, remained in same position to-day. The Second Brigade destroyed half a mile of railroad toward Midway. The Second Brigade made a reconnaissance to Cannon's Bridge, on the Edisto River, finding bridge burned and the enemy intrenched on opposite side, and returned to camp.

February 9, marched at daylight on Augusta and Charleston road, crossing Binnaker's Bridge road, crossing Bryan's and Sykes' Creeks, and taking road to Holman's Bridge, when, finding enemy on opposite side, took position, having marched eleven miles. The First Brigade was sent forward the reconnoiter and effect a crossing. One battalion crossed on fallen trees three-quarters of a mile above the bridge, advanced into the swamp beyond, and night coming on were unable to accomplish anything. Casualties, two men wounded. To-night the enemy retired on road to Columbia. February 10, the First Brigade crossed at 9 a.m. and went into position at forks of Orangeburg and Columbia roads. Three-quarters of a mile of corduroy had to be made from bridge for the infantry to cross the swamps. The remainder of division crossed at 4 p.m. and moved out one mile and a half on Columbia road, where camped and intrenched the position, having marched two miles and a half. February 11, marched at daylight on Orangeburg road in advance, crossing several small streams and arriving at Poplar Springs at 4 p.m. and camped, having marched fifteen miles. Intrenched this position. February 12, marched at 7 a.m. in advance, reaching Shilling's Bridge (four miles) at 9 a.m., when, finding the brigade burned and enemy intrenched on opposite side, the Second Brigades was sent forward to cross. The enemy engaged them sharply. A crossing was effected on fallen trees and timber at 11 a.m. at two different points above the bridge, at which this brigade crossed, while at the same time the First and Third Brigades crossed two miles below. In advancing a swamp three-quarters of a mile in width and waist deep was encountered, which all the officers and men waded with cheerfulness and enthusiasm. The Second Brigade drove the enemy from his works, killing 2 and capturing 57. Our casualties were 5 men wounded. The First and Third Brigades, under the immediate command of General Hazen, having crossed below, moved forward and struck the Orangeburg road four miles from that point, where camped. The Second Brigade joined them at 11 p.m. The trains were also brought forward. Distance marched, seven miles. February 13, marched at 8 a.m. in rear of Third Division. Crossed Caw Caw Swamp, then taking a neighborhood road across Columbia road, on which we crossed Sadler's and Little Crotchpen Swamps, crossing miles. Captured one prisoner. February 14, marched at 6. 30 a.m. in advance and on Columbia road, crossing Big Beaver Creek at 10 a.m. Arrived at Sandy Run Post-Office at 1 p.m., crossing Sandy Run and moving forward three miles and a half to Thomas' Creek in support of First Division, where camped. Distance marched, seventeen miles. Captured seven prisoners. February 15, marched at 7 a.m. on old State road in rear of First Division, which encountered the enemy at Congaree Creek, where one gun of De

