
Gress' battery was engaged in shelling the enemy. As soon as the First Division had crossed this followed, taking up a position on right of First Division, the right resting on the Congaree River and in front of the enemy's line. This position was intrenched. Marched nine miles. At night the enemy opened a battery on the opposite side of the Congaree, shelling our lines severely. One officer and two men were wounded. Since the 4th instant three regiments have been constantly sent forward to corduroy the road in advance of the column and open a road for the infantry on the right of the road. This has been found to be the best system of repairing the roads yet tried.

Recapitulation. -Casualties: Killed, 1; wounded, 18. Number of miles marched, 136 1\2. Enemy killed, 5; enemy captured, 67.

The command is in a fine condition for further movements.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. EARNEST,

Captain, 30th Ohio Vols., Actg. Asst. Insp. General, 2nd Div., 15th A. C.

Lieutenant Colonel L. E. YORKE,

Asst. Inspector-General and Chief of Staff, 15th Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, OFFICE ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL, Lynch's Creek, S. C., February 28, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of this command from the 15th instant up to the present date:

February 16, the skirmish line was pushed forward this morning on the Columbia road, reaching the Congress bridge (four miles) at daylight. The bridge had been destroyed, the enemy having retreated across it during the night. The column moved forward at 8 a.m., the enemy firing from opposite bank and wounding two men severely. One section of De Gress' battery and a regiment of sharpshooters engaged the battery on opposite bank and succeeded in silencing it for the time. One section was brought forward and engaged in shelling the city. It being deemed impracticable to attempt a crossing at the Congaree brigade the command moved at 11 a.m. two miles up the river the Saluda bridge, which having been burned, two regiments of the First Brigade were crossed on pontoon-boats and pushed forward, driving the enemy from the opposite bank. The remainder of this brigade, supported by the rest of the command, followed as soon as the bridge was laid, driving the enemy rapidly across to and through the Broad River bridge, but did not succeed in saving the bridge from being fired and burned by the enemy. The command camped at this point at 5. 30 p.m., having marched eight miles. Casualties, 1 officer and 2 men wounded. Captured 8 prisoners. February 17, the command moved at 3 p.m. in rear of the corps, leaving the train behind and crossing Broad River on the pontoon bridge. Marched through the city at 5. 30 p.m. and took position one mile beyond on the Columbia and South Carolina Railroad, having marched five miles. February 18, the Second Brigade was sent through the city at 3 a.m. to clear it and prevent further destruction of property. The division was engaged during the day in destroying the railroad. February 19, the command finished destroying the half of the lengths of railroad assigned to it and the Fourth Division, being seven miles and a half, in additional to

