
which three 10-pounder Parrott guns, a large amount of machinery for rolling mills and foundries, and six stationary engines were destroyed. Captured 7 prisoners. February 20, marched on Camden road, in rear of Third Division, eleven miles and a half, then, taking road to Mudly Springs, marched nine miles and a half, where camped at 6. 30 p.m., having marched twenty miles. The One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois reported back to the division for duty, having been relieved form special service at department headquarters. February 21, marched at 8 a.m. in rear of Fourth Division. Road hilly, mud and quicksand delaying the march greatly. Arrived at and crossed Dutchman's Creek at 8 p.m., where camped, having marched twenty-two miles. February 22, marched at 6 a.m., passing Poplar Springs (three miles) at 8 a.m., and moving to Peay's Ferry, on the Wateree River, where halted two miles to Singleton's Creek, where camped, having marched eleven miles.

February 23, marched at 1 p.m., in rear of Third and First Divisions, passing Liberty Hill and marching on Camden road six miles, then on settlement road across to Lancaster and Camden road on White Oak Creek, five miles from Flat Rock, one mile south of Red Hill Post-Office, where camped at 5 p.m., having marched twelve miles. February 24, marched at 9 a.m. in near of Fourth Division on Camden road. After passing Saunders' Creek, six miles from Camden, turned to the left, crossing the Camden and Lancaster road at Cool Springs, leaving Kirkwood on the right, striking the Cheraw and Camden road two miles from Camden. Camped at Marengo Mills, six miles northeast of Camden, at 9 a.m., having marched twenty miles. The day rainy and roads heavy, especially near camp. Foragers killed one rebel in skirmish at Cool Springs. February 25, marched at 8 a.m. in the advance on Cheraw road. Roads good; timber, pine. camped at 1 p.m. at Sandy Grove Church, having marched eight miles. The First Brigade went forward to Tiller's and Kelly's Bridges, on Lynch's Creek, eight miles, securing both and camping at those points. February 26, marched at 8 a.m. on Darlington road, reaching Kelly's Bridge at 11 a.m., eight miles; roads good. The water was found very high, extending nearly a mile in width, and a crossing of trains was deemed impracticable. The Second and Third Brigades and the battery were pushed across with so much difficulty, however, that with the continued rise of water further crossing was abandoned. The Second and Third Brigades, under command of General Oliver, took up a defensive position one mile from the brigade. February 27, remained in same position to-day. At 1 p. m. the water ceased to rise. Enemy's cavalry made their appearance in small parties on east side of river. Captured one prisoners. Commenced building a bridge across the creek. General Oliver pushed forward a reconnaissance five miles on the Darlington road, not finding any force of the enemy. Captured one prisoner.

Recapitulation. -Number of miles marched, 117. Casualties: Commissioned officers, 1; enlisted men, 2; total, 3. Enemy killed, 1; captured, 17.

I am, colonel very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. EARNEST,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel L. E. YORKE,

Asst. Inspector-General and Chief of Staff, 15th Army Corps.

