
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, OFFICE ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL, Bethel Church, N. C., March 5, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of this command from the 1st instant.

March 1, the Second and Third Brigades, under command of Brigadier-General Oliver, moved forward to Kellytown, six miles and a half. The bridge across Lynch's Creek was relaid on the ground. The First Brigade crossed at 6 p.m. Captured sixteen prisoners. March 2, the trains of division finished crossing at 1. 15 p.m. The First Brigade with trains moved forward to Kellytown, arriving at 4 p . m. The whole command then moved on to Black Creek, where arrived at 6. 30 p.m. and camped, having marched eleven miles. March 3, commenced crossing Black Creek at 6. 30 a.m. Roads to-day were good. Crossed Juniper Creek at 6. 30 p.m. and camped, having marched eighteen miles. Captured two prisoners. March 4, marched at daylight, coming upon the First Division near Thompson's Creek, five miles, where halted till 2 p.m. ; then moved on to Cheraw, six miles, where camped, having marched eleven miles. Casualties, one man wounded. March 5, marched at 4 p.m. to pontoon bridge across the Great Pedee, one miles, and pushed forward on Fayetteville road to Harrington's plantation, four miles, where camped, having marched five miles. Captured eight prisoners. March 6, remained in camp at Harrington's plantation. Captain eleven prisoners. March 7, marched at 12 m. on Fayetteville road in rear of Third Division, crossing Society Hill and Rockingham road, five miles and a half, and Phill's and Hill's Creeks, and campaign on east side of Crooked Creek, having marched eleven miles. Captured two prisoners. March 8, marched at 6. 30 a.m. on telegraph road to Fayetteville. Crossed State line one mile from camp, and during the day Little Pedee River and Joe's Creek, reaching Laurel Hill at 12 m. Moved across Jordans' Creek and camped, having marched fifteen miles. Captured three prisoners. Two regiments of Second Bridge were sent forward to Lumber River, seven miles and a half. March 9, Creek and reaching Lumber River at Gilchrist's Bridge at 11. 30 a.m., where halted half an hour, then crossed on pontoon bridge and moved forward to Bethel Church, where camped, having marched fourteen miles. The roads were impassable on account of rain, and trains did not come up. One regiment of the Second Brigade was sent to the right with department of the Second Brigade was sent to the right with department headquarters. March 10, spent day in corduroying roads. Moved across Raft Swamp at 2 p.m., two miles, sending the advance forward six miles and moved on toward Fayetteville to Little Rockfish Creek, seven miles, where camped, having marched twenty miles. Casualties, 1 man killed and 2 missing. March7 a.m. on Fayetteville road. Crossed Little Rockfish Creek near camp and camped one mile nearly south of the city, having marched six miles. March 13, remained in camp at Fayetteville. March 14, marched at 3 p . m. Arrived at pontoon bridge one mile below city, two miles; halted one hour and a half to get the bridge finished, crossing at 8. 30 p.m., and moved out to Warsaw road, where camped, having marched three miles and a half. Left refugees and surplus negroes at this point, also the ordnance and supply trains. March 15, marched at 11 a.m. on Goldsborough road. Camped at 6. 30 p.m. in rear of Fourth

