
Division and one mile and a half from Maxwell's Bridge, on South River, at Battery Church having marched ten miles.

Recapitulation. -Number of miles marched, 126 1\2. Casualties: Killed, enlisted men, 2. Wounded, enlisted men, 6. Missing, commissioned officer, 1; enlisted men, 9. Enemy captured, 42.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

C. A. EARNEST,

Captain, Thirtieth Ohio, Volunteer Infantry, Asst. Adjt. Insp. General, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel L. E. YORKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, OFFICE ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL, Goldsborough, N. C., March 31, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements, of this command from the 15th instant:

March 16, marched at 7. 30 a.m. to Maxwell's Bridge across South River, one mile and a half; then on Fayetteville and Beaman's Cross-Roads, four miles and a half; then up the river, crossing Jones' Swamp, to Wesley Church, three miles, where camped, having marched nine miles. Captured five prisoners. March 17, marched at 9 a.m. to the intersection of Bentonville road, crossing Taylor's Swamps, and camping at Roberts' Cross-Roads, having marched six miles. Casualties, one man wounded. March 18, marched at 6 a. m. in advance, crossing Little Cohera, Seven-Mile, and Great Cohera Creeks, taking the shortest routes toward Everettsville, and camping east of Newton Grove Cross-Roads, having marched eleven miles. March 19, marched at 12 m. in rear of corps, halting at Pleasant Union and Cannon Churches, one mile, until 4 p.m., then moved on toward Cox's Bridge over Neuse River, corduroying much on the road, which was found next to impassable. Crossed a branch of Falling Creek, and arrived at King's plantation at midnight, having marched seven miles. March 20, marched at near 1 a.m. back on road we had come on, having received orders to report to Major-General Slocum, commanding Left Wing of the army. Passed camp of previous night and Benton's plantation (eight miles) and arrived at Harper's house in rear of Left Wing and reported to General Slocum at 6. 30 a.m., having marched fourteen miles. Moved forward at 12 m. to rear of Fourteenth Corps, two miles, where camped. Two regiments of the First Brigade were pushed forward two miles farther to develop the left flank of the enemy. At about 2. 30 p.m. these regiments formed on the right of the Fourteenth Corps, three miles from Bentonville, joining at the same time with the left of the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, shortly after which the line moved forward, driving the enemy's skirmishers and developing him main line, which position they held until the remainder of this brigade moved to their support and threw up temporary works. The command reported back to Major-General Logan, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps. Our casualties were: Officers wounded, 4; men killed, 3; wounded, 7; total, 14.

March 21, the Second and Third Brigades, after corduroying a road through the swamp to rear of First Brigade, went into position on same line and threw up works, having marched three miles. Casualties

