
to-day: Killed, commissioned officer, 1; enlisted men, 2. Wounded, commissioned officer, 1; enlisted men, 15. Aggregate, 19. March 22, the enemy having retreated during the night the skirmishers pushed forward at daylight, capturing 4 prisoners. The command marched at 12 m. on Goldsborough road, corduroying it as far as Grantham's house, where camped, having marched nine miles. March 23, marched at 7 a.m. on lower Goldsborough road half a mile, then on Everettsville road, crossing Falling Creek, and campaign at 9. 30 a.m. at Hall's plantation, having marched six miles and a half. March 24, marched at 7 a.m. crossing Neuse River near the Wilmington Railroad bridge, four miles and a half, at 9 a.m., and moved through Goldsborough (three miles) at 12 m. ; then moved out two miles on the New Berne road, where went into position on right of road and of Seventeenth Corps, facing eastward, the First and Third Brigades in front line intrenched, the Second Brigade in rear. Distance marched, nine miles and a half. March 25, remained in camp. Quite a number of officers and about 350 men (recruits and convalescents), who came to Goldsborough with the Twenty-third Corps, rejoined the command to-day. March 26 to 31, quite a number of officers and men have constantly been rejoining the command. The time has been spent in completing a line of works in front of the division, cleaning up the camps, and drawing supplies of clothing, &amp;c. Forage parties have been sent out from time to time to procure forage for animals while we remain at this point. The casualties while foraging have been 20 men captured; enemy captured, 4.

Recapitulation. -Number of miles marched, 77. Casualties: Killed, commissioned officer, 1; enlisted men, 5. Wounded, commissioned officers, 5; enlisted men, 23. Missing, enlisted men, 20. Aggregate, 54. Enemy captured, commissioned officers, 2; enlisted men, 16; aggregate, 18.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. EARNEST,

Captain, 30th Ohio Vols., Actg. Asst. Insp. General, 2nd Div., 15th A. C.

Lieutenant Colonel S. D. NICHOLS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, OFFICE ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL, Raleigh, N. C., April 16, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command from the 1st to the 15th instant, inclusive:

April 1, the command was in camp two miles northeast of Goldsborough, on the Snow Hill road. In compliance with orders all foraging was suspended, and all surplus vehicles and animals were turned over to the quartermaster's department. The day was spent in working on the defenses of position and completing camps. April 2, the commanding general reviewed the division at 3. 30 p.m. and inspected the camps. April 3, commenced company and battalion drills. April 4, spend in drilling. April 5, spent in drilling. Received two deserters from the enemy. April 6, spent in drilling. April 7, spent in drilling. The commanding general exercised the division in evolutions of the line at 3 p.m. April 8, division drill at 3. 30 p.m. April 9, the commanding general inspected the transportation of the division. The trains were loaded for marching. April 10, marched at 7 a.m. on Snow

