
Hill road five miles; then across to Pikeville on the Weldon Railroad eight miles; then on Whitley's Mill road four miles and a half, camping on Pike's Plantation at dark, having marched seventeen miles and a half. April 11, marched at 8. 30 a.m. on Whitley's Mill road six miles; then to Lowell Factory on Little River seven miles, where crossed and marched fourteen miles on very bad roads, which required much corduroying to be made passable. Received seven deserters from the rebel army. April 12, marched at 9 a.m. on direct road to Pineville, finding the roads comparatively good. Grossed to Saint Charles road eight miles at 3 p.m., reaching Pineville at 6 p.m., where camped, having marched fourteen miles. Received two rebel deserters. April 13, marched at 11 a.m. on Louisburg road to the intersection of the Earpsborough and Raleigh road, nine miles, and from thence on Raleigh road, pa, and camping at dark on Clay Hill plantation, one mile from Hinton's Bridge, across Neuse River, having marched sixteen miles. Received three rebel deserters. Loss, eleven men captured. April 14, marched at 6 a.m., crossing Hinton's Bridge and massing the division in rear of the First Division until 11. 30 a.m., when moved on the and through Raleigh, being reviewed by General Sherman while passing the capitol. Marched four miles northwest of the city to Crab Tree Creek, where camped at 3. 30 p.m., having marched eleven miles. Roads good. Loss, one man captured. April 15, remained in same position, orders for marching having been countermanded. Received one deserter from the enemy. Loss, two men captured.

Recapitulation. -Casualties, 14; number of miles marched, 72 1\2; number of deserters received, 15.

White at Goldsborough the command was thoroughly equipped and supplies with everything necessary to prepare them perfectly for any movement that might be deemed necessary.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. EARNEST,

Captain 30th Ohio Vols., Actg. Asst. Insp. General, 2nd Div., 15th A. C.

Lieutenant Colonel S. D. NICHOLS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, OFFICE ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL, Neuse River, N. C., April 30, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command from the 15th instant:

April 15, remained in camp on Crab Tree Creek. Orders for march were countermanded. Received one deserter from enemy. April 16 and 17, remained in same position. April 18, moved back to city and camped one mile east on Mordecai's plantation, having marched three miles and a half. April 19 to 22, were devoted to drills, cleaning camp, parades, reviews, &amp;c. April 23, the Second and Third Brigades were reviewed by the division commander. April 24, the First Brigade was reviewed by the division commander. Saber drill at division headquarters by General Hazen. April 25, division was reviewed by General Grant. April 26 and 27, spent in drilling and making preparations for marching. April 28, in compliance with General Orders, Numbers 28, dated headquarters Fifteenth Army Corps, Raleigh, N. C., April 26, 1865, the Fifty-sixth Illinois Infantry, Tenth Iowa Infantry, Eightieth Ohio

