
Infantry, Seventeenth Iowa Infantry, and First Battalion Twenty-sixth Missouri Infantry were assigned to this command for duty. April 29, marched at 9 a.m., reaching the Neuse River at Rogers' Bridge at 4 p.m., and camped two miles beyond at 5 p.m., having marched eleven miles. April 30, remained in same position and made periodical muster.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. EARNEST,

Captain, 30th Ohio Vols., Actg. Insp. General, 2nd Div., 15th A. C.

Lieutenant Colonel S. D. NICHOLS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 22. Report of Colonel Theodore Jones, Thirtieth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations January 16-March 24.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Near Goldsborough, N. C., March --, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the late campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C.:

January 16, the brigade moved at 8 a.m. to Fort Thunderbolt, distance seven miles, where it remained until the 19th instant. January 19, at 3 p.m. the brigade embarked on boats for Beaufort, S. C., where it arrived at 10 p.m. and went into camp about three miles west of Buford, S. C., where it arrived at 10 p.m. and when into camp about three miles west of Buford, where it remained until January 27, repairing the roads for seven miles west of Beaufort. January 27, moved at 9 a.m., marching six miles and going into camp at Gray's Hill, remaining until January 30. January 30, broke camp at 9 a.m., crossing the pontoon bridge at Port Royal Ferry at 10. 30 a.m., passing Garden's Corners and camping at Pocotaligo Station, on the Charleston and Savannah Railroad; distance marched, fifteen miles. January 31, remained in same position.

February 1, moved at 7 a.m., passing through McPhersonville and camping near Hickory Hill; distance, fourteen miles. February 2, left camp at 6 a.m., the brigade having the advance moving on the right, driving them across Duck Creek, where the brigade went into camp, having made fifteen miles. Casualties to-day, 4 enlisted men wounded and 1 man's leg broken by a falling tree. February 3, remained in same position. February 4, moved at 12 m. on the Orangeburg road and going into camp at Angley's Post-Office, having marched seven miles. February 5, the brigade moved at daybreak, crossing the Big Salkehatchie at Big Buford's bridge and going into camp on Barnwell road, about one mile and half from the bridge; distance, about eight miles. February 6, moved at 10 a.m. on the Orangeburg road, going into camp on the north side of the Little Salkehatchie Swamp; distance, about nine miles. February 7, moved at 6. 30 a.m., striking the South Carolina Railroad at Bamberg at 11 a.m., going into camp one mile north of the station; distance, seven miles. February 8, remained in same position, assisting in the destruction of the South Carolina Railroad. February 9, moved at daylight on the old Charleston and Augusta road, a distance of nine miles, and went into camp early in the evening. The Fifty-fifth Illinois and Fifty-seventh Ohio Volunteers

