
skirmished with the enemy a greater part of the afternoon at Holman's Bridge on South Edisto River. Loss, 1 enlisted man killed and 1 wounded in Fifty-seventh Ohio Volunteers. February 10, the enemy having evacuated during the night, the pontoons were laid. The brigade crossed the river and went into camp; distance marched, two miles. February 12, moved at 7 a.m. and found the enemy in position on North Edisto River, at Glover's Bridge. The brigade crossed the river about one mile and a half below the bridge and then waded a large swamp in order to flank the enemy out of his position, but arrived too late to be of any service, the Second Brigade having come in on the opposite flank of the enemy and routed him; distance marched, seven miles.

February 13, the brigade moved at 9 a.m. on Columbia and Orangeburg roads, marching fifteen miles and going into camp. February 14, moved at 7 a.m., passing Sandy Run Post-Office, and camped near Sandy Run Creek; distance, fourteen miles. February 15, broke camp at 7 a.m., crossed Congaree Creek and west into position four miles from Columbia, the brigade occupying the center of the division, and threw up temporary works; distance marched, seven miles. During the night the brigade was subjected to the fire of three or four guns that the enemy had planted on the opposite side of Congaree River, from which two men were wounded. February 16, the enemy having evacuated his position during the night the brigade was moved up to a position opposite the city of Columbia, and from thence to a bridge over the Saluda River near the factory. The Thirtieth Ohio and Fifty-fifth Illinois were crossed in pontoon-boats, and drove the enemy over the crest of the ridge, where they remained, covering the working party until the bridge was completed. The rest of the brigade then crossed over the bridge. The command "forward" was then given to the skirmishers, who advanced, driving the enemy with great rapidity across Broad River, the enemy burning the bridge. The brigade then when into camp; distance marched, eight miles. February 17, the brigade moved at 2 p.m., crossed Broad River, marching through Columbia, and encamped on Columbia Branch of South Carolina Railroad; distance marched, four miles. February 18 and 19, were engaged in destroying Columbia Branch of South Carolina Railroad. February 20, moved at 8 a.m. on the Camden road; took Winnsborough road, near Traveler's Rest, and encamped at Muddy Springs; distance marched, twenty miles. The One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois Infantry reported for duty to-day. February 21, moved at 7 a.m. and camped near Poplar Springs Post-Office; distance, twenty miles. February 22, moved at 7 a.m. ; crossed the Wateree River on pontoon bridge at Peay's Ferry and encamped on Singleton's Creek; distance, nine miles. February 23, moved at 1 p.m., passing through Liberty Hill, and encamped near Red Hill Post-Office; distance, ten miles. February 24, moved at 8 a.m., passing through Kirkwood, and encamping at Marengo Mills, on Big Pine Tree Creek; distance, seventeen miles. February 25, broke camp at 8 a.m. and encamped at Tiller's Bridge, on Lynch's Creek; distance, fourteen miles. February 26, moved at 2 p.m. to Kelly's Brigade; distance, four miles. February 27 and 28, remained in same camp, awaiting the erection of bridge over Lynch's Creek.

March 1, moved at 4 p.m., crossing the creek, and marched one mile and went into camp. March 2, moved at 2 p., encamping on Black Creek; distance, nine miles. March 3, moved at 6 a.m., crossing Black Creek, and encamping on Juniper Creek; distance fourteen miles,

