
March 4, moved at 9 a.m., crossing Thompson's Creek to Cheraw; distance, nine miles. March 5, moved at 3 p.m. ; marched two miles and encamped on the Harrington plantation. March 6, remained in same position. March 7, moved at 12 m., in the direction of Fayetteville, N. C., and encamped on Crooked Creek, marching ten miles. March 8, moved at 7 a.m. and encamped near Laurel Hill; distance, twelve miles. March 9, moved at 7 a. m., crossing Lumber River at Gilchrist's Bridge, and encamped at Raft Swamp; distance, fourteen miles. March 10, moved at 1 p.m. and repaired the road for five miles. March 11, moved at 7 a.m. and was engaged nearly all day repairing the road, crossing Rockfish Creek, and encamped near Little Rockfish Creek; distance, thirteen miles. March 12, moved at 7 a.m. and encamped near Fayetteville. March 12, moved at 7 a.m. and encamped near Fayetteville, marching eight miles. March 13, remained in same camp. March 14, moved at 4 p.m. ; crossed Cape Fear River; distance, three miles. March 15, moved at 11 a.m. in the direction of Beaman's Cross-Roads and encamped near South River; distance, nine miles. March 16, moved at 7. 30 a.m. ; after crossing South River turned to the left and moved north, a distance of eight miles. March 17, moved at 9 a.m. and encamped at the Clinton and Raleigh Cross-Roads, marching five miles. March 18, moved at 6 a.m. and encamped on the Clinton road, near Lee's Store; distance, twelve miles. March 19, moved at 12 m. in the direction of Everettsville, but owing to bad roads seven miles was only made by midnight. The brigade, with division, then retraced its steps and moved to the support of the Left Wing, arriving there at 8 a.m. March 20; distance marched since breaking camp, nineteen miles. At 1 p.m. March 20 the Sixth Missouri and Thirtieth Ohio were ordered out to reconnoiter on the right of the Fourteenth Corps, in order to develop the enemy's position. In doing so they met the enemy's pickets, driving them into their works, doing a loss of sixteen men, including four officers. About this time the rest of the brigade was ordered up to their support, in which position we remained until noon of the 21st, when we moved to the right, connecting with the First Division of the Fifteenth Corps, where we erected log-works. Heavy skirmishing took place during the afternoon, in which detachments from all the regiments were engaged, with a loss of 1 officer and 5 men wounded. March 22, early this morning it was found that the enemy had evacuated during the night. The picketline was pushed forward as far as Bentonville, and then returned to camp. About 12 m. the brigade moved toward Everettsville, repairing the roads as it went, and encamped near Grantham's Cross-Roads; distance, nine miles. March 23, moved at 6. 30 a.m. and encamped near Falling Creek; distance, five miles. March 24, broke camp at 7 a.m. and moved to Goldsborough, crossing the Neuse River near the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad bridge, going into camp two miles east of Goldsborough on the Snow Hill road, where we erected works and now remain.

Too much cannot be said in praise of the officers and soldiers of the entire command throughout the campaign, as all worked cheerfully and displayed gallantry known only to brave and efficient soldiers.

Special mention will be made of none here, asa list has already been forwarded.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

THEO. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain G. LOFLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

