
ADDENDA.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, February 15, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit a special report of events of the First Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, since my last report to present date, February 15, 1865:

January 15, encamp at Savannah, Ga. January 16, First Brigade left camp at Savannah, Ga., at 8 a.m. Ordered to proceed to Fort Thunderbolt. Reached the fort and went in camp, marching seven miles. January 17 and 18, in camp at Fort Thunderbolt. January 19, at 3 p.m. the First Brigade embarked on boats for Beaufort, S. C., Reached Beaufort, distance forty-five miles, at 7 p.m. Disembarked the troops at 9 p.m. Marched to camp, three miles west of Beaufort. The One hundred and sixteenth Illinois left at Thunderbolt to assist in loading transportation. January 20 to 27, in camp. The times was occupied in lying out camp, policing the same. The usual drills of the brigade were kept up, including a review of the brigade. Making and repairing roads, which occupied three days. January 27 the brigade left camp at 9 a.m. Roads good. Went into camp, marching seven miles, which was reached at 12 m. in good order. January 28, the brigade laid out camp, cutting brush, laying out streets. January 29, preparing for a campaign. January 30, the brigade left camp at 9 a.m. Port Royal road. Crossed Port Royal bridge at 10. 30 a.m. Roads fair. Reached Garden's Corners at 11. 30 a.m. Remained at this place three hours for division train to come up. Escorted the train in camp. Resumed the march at 2. 30 p.m., in charge of train. Roads bad. Reached Pocotaligo Station at 5 p . m. and went into camp in good order, marching fifteen miles. January 31, in camp at Pocotaligo Station.

February 1, broke camp at 6 a.m. Progress slow, owing to cutting roads through the woods by the side of road. Halted at McPhersonville one hour. Roads heavy. Camped in the field, marching fourteen miles. February 2, broke camp at 6 a.m., marching right side of the road, crossing low plains frequently. Water deep in the road. Progress very slow, owing to cutting roads through the woods. Found the enemy at 2 p.m. Thirtieth Ohio and Sixth Missouri skirmished with the enemy at 2 p.m. Thirtieth Ohio and Sixth Missouri skirmished with the enemy this afternoon. Went into camp at Duck Creek at 5 p. m., marching fifteen miles. While skirmishing with the enemy the First Brigade lost five enlisted men: Sergt. B. Stark, Sixth Missouri, Company G, wounded slightly in the leg; Private Jacob Stubbs, Company A, Sixth Missouri, severely in the face; Private John Buckries, Company C, Sixth Missouri, leg bralling; Corpl. William Hill, Company F, Thirtieth Ohio, wounded severely in the arm; Private David Cooper, Company B, Thirtieth Ohio, slightly in the arm. February 3, the brigade in camp. The enemy still in front on west side of Duck Creek. February 4, the brigade broke camp at 12 m. Enemy disappeared from the front. Marched on Orangeburg road, right side of train. Roads bad. Passed Palmer's Mills at 5 p.m. West into camp at Angley's Post-Office at 6 p.m., marching seven miles. February 5, the brigade marched at daylight, one regiment and tool wagon ahead to repair roads on line of march. Roads bad; moved slowly; halted at 9. 30 a. m; resumed the march at 11. 30 a.m. ; passed Salkehatchie River, or Swamp, and Combahee River at 12. 30 p.m.

19 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

