
Passed through the town of Buford's Bridge at 1 p.m. Went into camp one mile and a half west of town on the Barnwell road, marching nine miles. February 6, broke camp at 12 m. One regiment and tool wagon ahead to repair roads. Marched on the Orangeburg road. Passed Little Salkehatchie River at 5 p.m. Went into camp on west side of the river at 6 p.m., marching nine miles. February 7, the brigade broke camp at 6. 30 a.m., marching on Barnwell road two miles. Reached Bamberg Station at 11 a.m. Road bad. Went into camp one mile from station at 1 p.m. February 8, the First Brigade broke camp at 6 a.m., with orders to report on railroad adjoining Twentieth Corps, burn ties, and heat and twist rails, marching five miles. Went to work. Did it effectually in two hours after commencing. Returned to camp at 1. 30 p.m. in good order, marching in all ten miles. February 9, the brigades broke camp at 5. 30 a.m. Roads good. Went in camp one mile east of the Edisto River, marching nine miles. Found enemy on opposite side. Skirmishing by the First Brigade. First Brigade ordered to make a crossing above-one mile and a half. Was successful in reaching the river and making raft to cross. Four companies of Fifty-fifth Illinois attempted to cross the swamp and succeeded. The brigade lost two men on skirmish line: Private James Ardinger, Company I, Fifty-seventh Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, killed; Private Samuel Gordon, Company I, Fifty-seventh Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, wounded slightly.

February 10, the enemy disappeared in the night. Troops were immediately put across in boats and passed through the swamp. Road deep with water. Not finding the enemy, made a lodgment on the Columbia and Charleston road. The brigade commenced passing on the pontoon bridge at 12 m. The crossing was made in good order, both men and teams going into camp on good ground, marching two miles, occupying and throwing up works on both roads. February 11, the brigade broke camp at 7 a.m., marching on the Orangeburg road. Roads good. Went into camp at 3 p.m., marching in good order, marching twelve miles. February 12, the brigade broke camp at 7 a.m. on road to North Edisto River. Reach the river at 8. 30 a.m. Massed the troops on east side at 10 a.m. Ordered to make a crossing above-one mile and a half. Reached the point to cross at 10. 30 a.m. Crossed the river at once. Crossed the river and swamp, troops wading in deep water about 500 yards wide. On reaching the opposite side reformed troops and marched two miles on Orangeburg road. West into camp and made works at 4. 30 p.m., marching in all seven miles. February 13, the brigade broke camp at 9 a.m. on road toward Orangeburg. Marched two miles, halted, turned to the left on Columbia road at Lawrence's plantation. Troops marched on right side of the road in good order. Went in camp in the field at 5 p.m., marching seven miles. February 14, the brigade broke camp at 7 a.m. to march on the Columbia road on right side of the road. Passed Sandy Run Post-Office at 3 p.m. Went into camp four miles west of post-office in the field, marching fourteen miles. February 15, the brigade broke camp at 7 a.m. on the Columbia road-left side of the road. Roads heavy. The enemy in front. Halted near the Congaree River. Roads bad; progress slow. Went into camp on a plantation. The enemy kept up firing all night. Made works in front of the brigade. Made camp at 5 p.m., marching seven miles.

This report will be found as correct as circumstances would permit, owing to the imperfect way of getting information as regards distances and places. The system of repairing bad roads by sending repairers

