
ahead in advance of the brigade is a decided improvement upon the formed plan of brigade pioneers marching along, with the troops awaiting until the roads are improved.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM S. BUNN,

Captain, 127th Illinois Vol. Infty., Actg. Asst. Insp. General, First Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Captain C. A. EARNEST,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Lynch's Creek, &amp; S. C., February 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following record of events or letter of advise of the First Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, semi-monthly, ending February 28, 1865:

February 16. This date finds their First Brigade at Congaree River. First Brigade broke camp at 7 a.m., skirmish line in advance, finding no enemy. Reached the bridge. The balance of the brigade moved at 9 a.m., which also reached the river, with orders to proceed to Saluda River bridge and make a crossing was made of two regiments and drove the enemy away from their position. The pontoon being laid the balance of the brigade followed. A spirited attack was made by the enemy's cavalry on our advance and the enemy was handsomely repulsed. Encamped for the night one mile and a half form crossing at 5 p.m. ., marching in all eight miles. February 17, the brigade broke camp at 2 p.m. Crossed Broad River. Marched through Columbia, S. C. Encamped for the night on the Columbia and Charleston Railroad, marching three miles. February 18, the brigade broke camp at 7 a.m. to tear up and destroy railroad track on Columbia and Charleston Railroad, between two and three miles, which occupied the whole day, by burning all the ties and heating and twisting all of the rails. The brigade returned to camp for the night, marching in and out three miles. February 19, the brigade ordered to march to the Six-Mile Post and destroy the seventh mile. Upon arriving on the ground found the Second Brigade engaged destroying the same. The First Brigade assisting, completed the work and returned to old camp for the night, marching in and out twelve miles. February 20, the brigade broke camp at 8 a.m. and marched on Winnsborough road, then on Camden road. At 11 a.m. the One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois reported to the brigade; reported to Colonel Theodore Jones for duty. Roads this day were hilly. Passed Muddy Springs at 5 p.m. Encamped for the night in the field at 6 p.m., marching twenty miles.

February 21, the brigade broke camp at 7 a.m. Marched on Camden road, stopping frequently owing to bad places in the road for teams; roads bad. Marching five miles, turned on Winnesborough and Poplar Springs road. Encamped for the night in the field at 8 p.m., marching twenty miles. Roads this day hilly. February 22, First Wateree River at Peay's Ferry at 10 a.m. Roads heavy and hilly. The brigade commenced crossing the river at 4 p.m. All animals that were foraged were taken up at the crossing and regulated by the provost-marshal, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps. Encamped for

