
the night after crossing in good order at Singleton's Creek, marching in all nine miles. Forage plenty for men and animals. February 23, the brigade broke camp at 1 p.m. At 2 p.m. turned to the right at Liberty Hill, on Camden road. Passed over Bear Creek at 3 p.m. Roads heavy and hilly. Encamped for the night at Red Hill Post-Office, marching ten miles. Forage plenty. Captured some horses and miles. February 24, the First Brigade broke camp at 8 p. m. Weather raining and dull; roads heavy, this day marching very slowly, owing to slow progress of the teams. When turning from Camden. Crossed Little Pine Tree Creek at 7 p.m. Encamped for the night at Marengo Mills at 9 p.m., marching seventeen miles. February 25, the brigade broke camp at 8 a.m. Encamped for the night on King's plantation, near Big Pine Tree Creek, on Tiller's Ferry [road], two regiments taking the road from Methodist Church for Kelly's Ferry. This day marched fourteen miles. No crossing made owing to recent heavy rains. An attack was made on our foragers at dusk, but no losses. February 26, the brigade broke camp at 2 p.m. for Kelly's Ferry to make a crossing. The water at the ferry was found to be very high and still rising. The brigade went in camp west side of the swamp at 4 p.m., marching four miles. February 27, the brigade in camp. Water high. No attempt made to cross the troops or trains of this brigade. February 28, the brigade in camp.

This report is brief of its march of the brigade since last report of January 15, 1865. Marching being done in good order, considering the situation of the roads on the line of march, which being mostly by the side of main road in the woods, through brush and fallen timber. Order existing in reference to one wagon to each regiment has been generally complied with, and kept reasonably filled with forage for animals and provisions for men. On the line of march forage of all kinds has been plenty. Regular detailed foragers have been sent out every day when practicable for this purpose. Many animals have been captured and turned over for packing purposes, as well as the best for teams and mounting foragers. The wants of the command are reasonably supplied except clothing, which is getting much worn. The brigade has not experienced any losses nor gained by prisoners.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfunt servant,

WM. S. BUNN,

Captain and Actg. Asst. Insp. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 15th A. C.

Captain C. A. EARNEST,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, March 15, `865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit for your consideration the following record of events of the First Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, semi-monthly, from March 1, 1865, to present date:

March 1, the brigade broke camp at and crossed Lynch's Creek at 4 p.m., leaving the One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois in the rear to guard train. The brigade encamped for the night on the east side of the creek at 7 p.m., marching one mile. March 2, the First Brigade broke camp at 2 p.m. in charge of the trains as a guard until

