
reaching some mills, then relieved by the Third Brigade. Reached camp on Black Creek, for the night at 7 p.m., marching nine miles. Passed Gum Branch at 6 p.m. Roads heavy. March 3, the brigade broke camp at 6 a.m. Crossed Black Creek at 7 a.m. and halted on the opposite side. Resumed the march. Passed Beaver Dam at 12 m. Water very scarce. Crossed Juniper Creek at 5. 30 p.m. Roads undulating. Encamped for the night at Juniper Creek at 6 p.m., marching fourteen miles. Water and forage scarce; roads good. March 4, the brigade broke camp at 6 a.m. Line of march on Cheraw road. Halted at Thompson's Creek at 10 a.m. Resumed march again at 3 p.m., crossing Wilson's Creek. Passed through Cheraw at 7 p.m. Encamped for the night west of Cheraw at 7. 30 p.m., marching nine miles, with roads good and undeleting until near the town; then not good. March 5, the brigade broke camp at 3 p.m. to cross Great Pedee River. Crossed the river at 7 p.m. Roads on the opposite side very bad. Marched two miles and encamped for the night at 8 p.m. on Harrington's plantation. March 6, the First Brigade in camp all of this day. March 7, the brigade broke camp at 12 m., marching on Fayetteville road. Crossed the Rockingham and Chesterfield road at 3 p.m. and encamped for the night near Crooked Creek at 5 p.m., marching ten miles. March 8, the brigade broke camp at 7 a.m. Crossed Wilmington and Charlotte Railroad at 12 m. Road very heavy. Passed through Laurel Hill at 4 p.m. Encamped for the night one mile west of the town at 6 p.m., marching twelve miles. Roads heavy and swampy. March 9, the First Brigade broke camp at 7 a.m. Two regiments left to the rear to bring up pontoon train. Marching on road to Lumber River passed Spring Hill Church at 10 a.m. Reached Lumber River at 12 m. Massed the troops at 12. Resumed the march again at 1 p.m. Roads bad and swampy. Encamped for the night at Ralf Creek at 8 p.m., marching fourteen miles. March 10, the brigade p.m. Encamped for the night in the field at 5 p.m., marching five miles. March 11, the First Brigade broke camp at 7 a.m. The whole brigade as pioneers to work on the creek, which was crossed by the brigade at 4 p.m. Encamped for the night in the field, marching thirteen miles. This day the brigade lost one man, a forager, in a skirmish at Fayetteville, Francis P. Imhoff, private, Company B, One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois, killed in a skirmish. March 12, the brigade broke camp at 7 a.m. Encamped for the night one mile and a half south of March 14, the brigade broke camp at 8 a.m. Troops commenced crossing Cape River at 4 p.m. Encamped for the night half a mile north of the river at 7 p.m., marching in all two miles and a half. March 15, in camp.

On the march forage has been furnished sufficient for both men and animals. The roads have been most of the route bad. By good management and perseverance have been made good by the troops and pioneers, so that good progress has been made throughout the march. Clothing is getting to be much wanted in the command. Transportation is well regulated and conducted on this present campaign. Transportation is well regulated and conducted on this present campaign. Under all circumstances and privations of the troops in this command the men are in fine spirits to complete the balance of the campaign. The regulation of animals for foraging and pack-animals for regiments is at this point made quite complete, according to existing orders.

The reported of this present month is as complete as could well be, after making such observations, which could only be made while upon the

