
march and encroachments on the time whilst in camp, invariably giving the command the benefit of all parts that could not be made thorough by any of strict camp inspections.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. BUNN,

Captain, 127th Illinois Vol. Infty., Actg. Asst. Insp. General, First Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Captain C. A. EARNEST,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Goldsborough, N. C., March 31, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following record of events, semi-monthly, of First Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, March 15, 1865, to present date:

March 16, the First Brigade broke camp at 7. 30 a.m. Weather good; roads bad, but level. Halted near South River at 9 a.m. Crossed the river at 11 a.m. Encamped for the night in the field at 7 p.m., marching eight miles; raining hard all the afternoon. March 17, the brigade broke camp at 9 a.m. One regiment and tool wagon [ahead] to repair roads, which were very bad. Marching on right-hands side of the road; progress slow, halting often owing on bad condition of the roads. Encamped for the night near Goldsborough, Clinton, and Raleigh Cross-Roads at 3 p. m., marching five miles. Forage plenty for men and animals. Nature of the country undulating. March 18, the brigade broke camp at 6 a.m. One regiment and one tool wagon ahead to repair the road. Troops marching on the left-hand side of the road. Encamped for the night in the field at 1 p.m., marching twelve miles. Forage plenty; country level. One man wounded by a pistol-shot while foraging, George Bennington, corporal, Company I, Fifty-seventh Ohio, slightly. March 19, the brigade broke camp at 12 m., troops marching on right-hand side of the road on Goldsborough road; progress very slow, owing to the bad condition of the roads. Marched nine miles and halted for supper. Orders to march to crossroads of Goldsborough, Clinton, and Raleigh; resumed the march at 8 p.m. ; reached the cross-roads; thence toward Goldsborough, marched in all nineteen miles. Encamped at 7 a. m . of the 20th. Roads good; forage plenty. The enemy in our front. March 20, the brigade moved to the right and massed. Orders at 1 p.m. to move forward two regiments as a skirmishers (Sixth Missouri and Thirtieth Ohio) on the line. Very swampy in front. A steady advance of two miles brought the line in front of the enemy's works. Under a heavy fire dug pits. The balance of the brigade moved forward at 3 p.m. Several casualties this afternoon. The whole brigade skirmished until evening. List of casualties March 20, 1865. *

March 21, the situation of the brigade the same the 20th-the enemy in front. Found the main line; strengthened the works. At 3 p.m. engaged them with the whole brigade. Four casualties this day. Marched 22, this morning found the enemy away form our front. Thirtieth Ohio sent toward Bentonville as skirmishers; reached Bentonville and ordered to return. One regiment and tool wagon ahead to repair

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 men killed, 2 officers and 11 men wounded.

---------------

