
roads. At 9 a.m. the brigade took up the line of march. Encamped for the night on Hill's plantation, marching nine miles. March 23, the brigade broke camp at 6. 30 a.m. One regiment and tool wagon ahead to repair roads on Everettsville and Goldsborough road. Crossed Falling Creek at 8 a.m. Roads good. Encamped in the field at 9. 30 a.m., marching five miles. Remained in camp the balance of the day. March 24, the brigade broke camp at 7 a.m. Marched on Goldsborough road. Roads good. Crossed Neuse River at 10 a.m. Went into permanent camp east of Goldsborough at 12 m., marching nine miles. March 25 to 31, the brigade regulating camp; foraging for animals, and preparing for a rest. The wants of the command have been thirty days. Animals have all been turned over, except what are properly accounted for and allowed.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. BUNN,

Captain and Actg. Asst. Insp. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 15th A. C.

Captain C. A. EARNEST,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV. 15TH ARMY CORPS, ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Near Raleigh, N. C., April 15, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit a report of the movements of the First Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, from the 1st instant to the present date:

April 1 to 9 inclusive, strict regulations of camp are enforced according to existing orders form superior headquarters. Drills are exercised in daily, such as company, battalion, brigade, and division, with the usual success. Camps are well regulated and policed. Location of hospitals as well as the nature of the ground would permit. Works have been thrown up in front of the line and protected. Transportation has improved on the last campaign. Forage well supplies from the surrounding country, attending with but few losses in captures by the enemy. Pickets are well established; works thrown up and well posted with men. April 10, the brigade broke camp and took up the line of march toward Raleigh, N. C., marching on Snow Hill road, marching two miles and a half. Roads fine; halted at cross-roads two hours and a half for Fort Division train to close up. Roads very bad in the afternoon. Passed Pikeville at 5. 30 p.m. Encamped for the night in the field at 8. 30 p.m., marching seventeen miles. April 11, the brigade broke camp at 6 a.m. ; marched at 8 a.m. One regiment and tool wagon ahead to repair roads; level and swampy; marking good progress. Encamped for the night at Lowell at 7 p. m., marching thirteen miles. April 12, the brigade broke camp at 8 a.m., marching on Smithfield road. At 11 a.m. took the left-hand road for Raleigh; roads fair and level; halting frequently to repair roads. Encamped for the night at Pineville, N. C., marching twelve miles. April 13 the brigade broke camp and marched at 10 a.m. on Raleigh road. One regiment and tool wagon ahead to repair roads. Roads good. Passed junction of Raleigh and Tarborough roads at 3. 15 p.m. Encamped for the night at 6. 30 p.m., marching sixteen miles. April 14, the brigade broke camp at 7 a.m., marching on road to Raleigh. Roads good; some hilly.

