
Reach and passed through Raleigh in review at 2 p.m. Marched three miles and a half west of Raleigh. Encamped for the balance of the day, marching ten miles. April 15, Frederick K. Smith, corporal, Company F, and Frank Winom, private, Company A, One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois Volunteers Infantry, captured by the enemy while foraging. The brigade in camp three miles and a half west of Raleigh. The wants of the command are well anticipated. The health of the troops good. Orders regulating the march are well enforced; in fact, all that pertains to the welfare of the troops. This will comprise as much as can be ascertained under the few facilities of inserting anything like a letter of advice after a thorough inspection.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. BUNN,

Captain, 127th Illinois Vol. Infty., Actg. Asst. Insp. General, First Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Captain C. A. EARNEST,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Rogers' Cross-Roads, April 30, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit report of the movements of First Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, from the 15th instant to present date:

April 15, the brigade in camp three miles and a half northeast of Raleigh. April 17, the brigade changed location of camp to one mile east of Raleigh. The line being established, the usual routine of laying out camp, regulating streets and quarters, and policing the same, the time of both officers and men was occupied until completed. Since then the troops have been acquiring an efficiency in the usual drills. Guard mounts, parades, the orders of camp and its duties were strictly enforced, guards well posted, and the duties strictly adhered to. April 29, the brigade broke camp at 9 a.m. ; took up line of march at 10 a.m. in the direction of Louisburg, N. C., crossed Neuse River at 4 p . m. Encamped for the night at Rogers' Cross-Roads at 5 p.m., marching eleven miles. April 30, the brigade in camp at Rogers' Cross-Roads. Orders to muster for pay. Much interest is felt by many officers of this command in reference to company books and valuable papers, in view of closing accounts with the United States Government in anticipated of mustering out the service in a short time, their papers in part [being] beyond their control, by orders from superior headquarters. Mention is made of this that it may ultimately result in relieving the officers of that which is of so much importance.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. S. BUNN,

Captain, 127th Illinois Volunteers, Actg. Asst. Insp. General, First Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Captain C. A. EARNEST,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

