
12 m., when we marched with the division toward Goldsborough, where we arrived on the 24th and went into our present camp, having marched since we left Savannah 500 miles. The brigade took about 100 prisoners during the campaign and captured probably 100 stand of small-arms.

Our loss in the campaign is 5 enlisted men killed; 17 wounded, and 10 missing. The ten missing men all belonged to the foraging parties of the brigade, and were no doubt captured by the enemy's cavalry.

I cannot close this report without expressing my admiration for the patience and courage the officers and men of this brigade have shown during the long and arduous campaign which has just closed, often without bread, and many of them barefooted and destitute of clothing to make them comfortable; inspired by the zeal of truce patriots they have cheerfully performed all their duties.

To my staff officers I am under many obligations of the intelligence and zeal which they have displayed in the discharge of their onerous duties. I cheerfully commend them to the favorable consideration of their superior officers.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain GORDON LOFFLAND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Fort Thunderbolt, January 15, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following record of events of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, form the 31st day of December 1864, to the 15th of January, 1865:

The command broke camp four miles west of Savannah, Ga., January 2, 1865, and moved to the city, where it remained until January 14, 1865. The greater part of the time the brigade remained in camp near Savannah they were on fatigue duty on fortifications. Broke camp 7 a.m. January 14, and marched to Fort Thunderbolt, five miles southwest of Savannah, Ga., for the purpose of embarking for Beaufort, S. C., which they did as fast as transportation could be furnished. Fifty-third Ohio, Forty-seventh Ohio, and Thirty-seventh Ohio embarked during the afternoon of January 15, 1865.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,THOS. O. PEIRCE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Captain C. A. EARNEST,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, OFFICE ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL, Pocotaligo, S. C., January 31, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following record of events of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, from the 15th to the 31st January, 1865:

On the morning of the 16th instant the Fifty-fourth Ohio Volunteers and Eighty-third Indiana Volunteers embarked on steamer to Fort

