
Thunderbolt, Ga., for Beaufort, S. C., where they arrived 7 p. m. same day. The One hundred and eleventh Illinois Volunteers was left at Fort Thunderbolt to guard division transportation. On the 127th the command went into camp two miles form Beaufort, where they remained until the morning of the 24th, when the Forty-seventh, Fifty-third, and Fifty-fourth Ohio Volunteers were ordered out five miles on the Port Royal Ferry road for the purpose of building corduroy road from a point four miles west of Beaufort to the Seven-Mile Post, which work was finished on the evening of the 27th, when, the One hundred and eleventh Illinois Volunteers having arrived the evening previous, the command went into camp seven miles northwest of Beaufort on the Port Royal road, where the command remained until the 30th, when they broke camp at 7 a.m. and moved with the division on the road to Pocotaligo, where they encamped for the night, having marched seventeen miles. January 31, remained in camp at Pocotaligo all day. Total number of miles marched since last report, twenty-four.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. O. PEIRCE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Captain C. A. EARNEST,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, February 15, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following record of events of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, from February 1 to 15, 1865:

February 1, broke camp at Pocotaligo, S. C., 7 a.m. and moved on the road to McPhersonville. Encamped at 6 p.m. five miles from Hickory Hill, having marched thirteen miles. February 2, marched 6. 30 a.m. for Owens' Cross-Roads, where the command encamped; marched eighteen miles. February 3, remained in camp all day at Owens' Cross-Roads. February 4, broke camp at 2 p.m. and moved on the Orangeburg road; camped at the crossing the Salkehatchie River at Buford's Bridge and encamped 4 p.m. one mile out form bridge; marched seven miles. The bridge across the Salkehatchie River was burned by the enemy. February 6, broke camp 12 m. and marched on the Orangeburg and encamped 3 p.m. six miles from Bamberg, on the Augusta and Charleston Railroad; marched seven miles. February 7, marched at 7 a.m. and stuck the Augusta and Charleston Railroad at Bamberg Station 10 a.m., and encamped near same 12 m. ; marched seven miles. February 8, Colonel Jones, commanding brigade, was ordered to move his bridge on the Cannon's Bridge road and make a reconnaissance and ascertain if the brigade over the South Edisto River was destroyed and whether the enemy were in force at that point. Brigade moved as ordered at 12 m. for Cannon's Bridge, five miles from Bamberg. Found the bridge burned and the enemy intrenched on the opposite side of the river and in strong force. Returned to former camp, where the command arrived 6 p.m., having marched eighth miles. February 9, broke camp 7 a.m. and marched on the Augusta road to where it crosses the Holman's Bridge road, and one mile and a half from

