
where it crosses the South Edisto River, where the command camped for the night at 3 p. m. ; marched ten miles. February 10, marched 3 p. m. and crossed the South Edisto River at Holman's Brigade, which was burned by the enemy, and camped one mile and a half out from the river, having marched three miles.

February 11, marched 7 a. m. on the Orangeburg road and camped 3 p. m. at Poplar Springs; marched thirteen miles. February 12, marched 7 a. m. on the Shilling's Brigade road; arrived at North Edisto River 9 a. m. Colonel Jones, commanding brigade, was ordered to effect a crossing at this point with his brigade. Fifty-third Ohio and One hundred and eleventh Illinois were deployed as skirmishers, and advanced to the river through a swamp half a mile wide and found the enemy on the north side and intrenched. Timber was felled in the river three-quarters of a mile above the bridge and the Eighty-third Indian, One hundred and eleventh Illinois, Thirty-seventh and Fifty-fourth Ohio the swamp and effected a crossing at this point, and drove the enemy from their works, capturing fifty-three prisoners and a number of small-arms. The Forty-seventh Ohio was sent up the river two miles and crossed at Michael's Landing, and marched down the river and formed a junction with the brigade soon after it had crossed. Lost 1 man killed, 1 mortally wounded, and 2 slightly. Camped on the Columbia and Orangeburg road, four miles from Shilling's Bridge, 9 a. m. ; marched five miles. February 13, marched 7 a. m. on the Orangeburg road to within two miles of town, when the division turned to the left, taking the Orangeburg and Columbia road via Sandy Run. ; camped 5 p. m., having marched thirteen miles. February 14, marched 7 a. m. on the road to Sandy Run, where we struck the Columbia and Charleston road. Moved out two miles toward Columbia and camped 5 p. m. ; marched fifteen miles. February 15, marched 7 a. m. on the Columbia and Charleston road. Moved in the rear of the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, which encountered the enemy early in the morning; made slow progress; moved about five miles and camped six miles from Columbia, on the Columbia and Charleston road. The enemy shelled our camp all night from the north side of the Congaree River.

Since the 1st of the month the brigade has marched 120 miles, captured 53 prisoners of war, lost 1 man killed, 1 mortally wounded, and 2 slightly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. O. PEIRCE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

Captain C. A. EARNEST,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, OFFICE ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL, Lynch's Creek, S. C., February 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of events of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, from the 15th to the 28th of February, 1865:

February 16, marched 8 a. m. on the Columbia road. The enemy evacuated their position in our front and fell back to Columbia on the north side of the Congaree River, destroying the bridge in front of the city. Second Division being in the advance, they reached the bridge in

