
front of the city 10 a. m. Moved up the river to Saluda Mills and crossed Saluda River 4 p. m., and encamped between Saluda and Broad Rivers at 4 p. m. ; marched seven miles. February 17, moved 2 p. m. for Columbia and entered the city 5 p. m., and camped on the east side of the city 6 p. m., marched four miles. February 18, destroyed the South Carolina Railroad from the Two-Mile Post one mile east, then marched out to the Eighth-Mile post and destroyed one mile more; camped at the Seven-Mile Post; marched nine miles. February 19, destroyed one mile more of the railroad and returned to Columbia, where the command arrived 2 p. m. ; marched seven miles. February 20, marched 8 a. m. on the Camden road; camped 5 p. m. ; marched seventeen miles. Traveled over a high sandy ridge road to-day. February 21, marched 7 a. m. on the Camden road to our right and took the Peay's Ferry road. Camped 8 p. m. on Dutchman's Creek, having marched twenty-one miles. February 22, marched 6. 30 a. m. on Peay's Ferry road; crossed the Wateree River 3 p. m. at Peay's Ferry; moved out three miles from the river and camped on Singleton's Creek 5 p. m. ; marched eight miles. February 23, marched 12 m. to Liberty Hill, where the Second Division turned to the right, taking the Camden road. Crossed Beaver Creek and camped 5 p. m. five miles from Flat Rock Post-Office; marched ten miles. February 24, broke camp 9 a. m. ; moved in rear of the Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, on the Camden road; camped five miles north of Camden 10 p. m. ; marched twenty miles; rained all day; roads very muddy. February 25, marched 9 a. m. on the Camden and Cheraw road; roads good, being high and sandy; camped at Shady Grove Church 2 p. m. ; marched eight miles. February 26, marched 7. 30 a. m. on the Cheraw and Camden road; crossed Lynch's Creek at Kelly's Bridge; water high and the entire bottom overflowed; water so deep the wagons could not cross; camped 3 p. m. near the creek; marched eight miles. February 27, remained in camp all day near Lynch's Creek, the water being so high the transportation could not cross and still rising. February 28, in camp near Lynch's Creek; water falling some; command mustered for pay to-day.

Since the 15th the command has marched 119 miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. O. PEIRCE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

Captain C. A. EARNEST,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, OFFICE ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL, In the Field, March 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following record of events of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, from the 1st of the 15th day of March, 1865:

March 1, broke camp 3 p. m. at Lynch's Creek and marched on the Cheraw and Camden road; camped 6 p. m. at Kelly's Cross-Roads; marched six miles. March 2 marched 3 p. m. on the road to New Market bridge over Black Creek via Kelly's Mill; camped near New Market bridge 6 p. m. ; marched six miles. March 3, marched 7 a. m. on the Cheraw road; crossed Black Creek at New Market bridge 8 a. m. ; bridge moved with pontoon train; camped on Juniper Creek 9

