
p. m. ; marched eighteen miles; road very bad. March 4, marched 7 a. m. on the Cheraw road; crossed Thompson's Creek four miles from town; camped 5 p. m. at Cheraw; marched ten miles. March 5, broke camp at Cheraw 3 p. m. ; moved on the Cheraw and Fayetteville road, and camped 6 p. m. on Colonel Harrington's plantation; marched three miles. March 6, remained in camp all day at Colonel Harrington's plantation; turned over three prisoners of war captured by foragers to division provost-marshal. March 7, marched 12 m. on the Fayetteville road; camped near Crooked Creek and half a mile from State line between North Carolina and South Carolina; marched ten miles. March 8, marched 7 a. m. on the Fayetteville road; marched 12 m. at Laurel Hill Church; rained all day; marched fifteen miles. March 9, marched 7 a. m. on the Fayetteville road; crossed Lumber River at Gilchrist's Bridge; camped in Raft Swamp four miles from river 6 p. m. ; marched twelve miles; rained during the afternoon; road very bad. March 10, brigade built one mile corduroy road and marched 12 m. on Fayetteville road; camped at Bethel Church 5 p. m., having marched three miles. March 11, marched 7 a. m. on the Fayetteville road; road very bad; brigade worked several hours repairing the road; crossed Big Rockfish Creek at 7 p. m. and camped on Little Rockfish 9. 30 p. m. ; marched nineteen miles. March 12, marched 7 a. m. on the Fayetteville road; camped near Fayetteville 10 a. m. ; marched seven miles. March 13, remained in camp all day near Fayetteville, N. C. March 14, broke camp 2 p. m. ; crossed Cape Fear Rive on pontoon bridge; camped one mile and a half out from river 7 p. m. ; marched three miles. March 15, marched 11 a. m. on the Goldsborough road; roads very muddy and rainy; camped at Bethany Camp-Ground 4 p. m. ; marched ten miles.

Since the 1st of March the command has marched 122 miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. O. PEIRCE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

Captain C. A. EARNEST,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, OFFICE ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL, Goldsborough, N. C., March 31, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following record of events of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, from the 15th to the 31st of March, 1865:

March 16, marched 9 a. m. on the Goldsborough road; crossed South River; camped at Ray's Store 5 p. m. ; marched eight miles. March 17, marched 9 a. m. on the Goldsborough road; camped 3 p. m. at Clinton Cross-Roads; marched six miles. March 18, marched 6 a. m. on the Goldsborough road; crossed Great Cohear River 9 a. m. ; left the Goldsborough road 11 a. m., turning to the right and moving down the Clinton road; camped 12 m. near Troublefield's Store; marched twelve miles. March 19, marched 12 m. ; left the Clinton road, turning to the left, taking the Goldsborough road to Cox's Bridge; moved in rear of corps, and about 10 p. m. received orders to return on the road just marched over and join Slocum's command on the upper road to Goldsborough, near Mill Creek, where they had become hotly engaged with the enemy; joined the Left Wing at daylight; marched twenty-two

