
miles. March 20, remained in reserve near Fourteenth Army Corps, March 21, marched 12 m. and took up a position on the extreme left of the Army of the Tennessee; built a line of works within 400 yards of the enemy's main line, and that, too, under a severe fire from the enemy's skirmishers; lost 2 men killed and 11 wounded. March 22, enemy evacuated their liens last night and our skirmishers occupied their works at daylight; picked up three rebel stragglers; marched at 12 m. in the direction of Goldsborough; camped 6 p. m. ; marched eight miles. March 23, marched 6. 30 a. m. on the Goldsborough road; camped 10 a. m. ; marched eight miles. March 24, marched 7 a. m. for Goldsborough; crossed Neuse River at railroad bridge on pontoons; camped near Goldsborough, N. C., 1 p. m., where the command remained to present date; marched eight miles.

Since arriving at present camp 8 men have been captured by the enemy while out foraging, 4 from the Forty-seventh Ohio, and 4 from One hundred and eleventh Illinois. Command has marched 72 miles since March 15, 1865; captured and turned over 3 prisoners of war; lost 2 men killed and 11 wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. O. PEIRCE.

Captain C. A. EARNEST,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Near Raleigh, N. C., April 15, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following record of events of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, from the 1st to the 15th instant:

The command remained in camp near Goldsborough, N. C., until the 10th instant, when it broke camp 8 a. m. and moved on the Snow Hill road four miles, then turned to the left, marching on the Wilson- Goldsborough road six miles, when the command turned to the left again, taking the Raleigh road; crossed the Weldon railroad at Pikeville; camped 6 p. m. ; marched eighteen miles. April 11, marched 8 a. m. on the Raleigh road via Whitley's Mills; when within two miles of Little River turned to the right, taking the road to Lowell Factory; crossed Little River at Lowell Factory and camped near the same 7 p. m. ; marched twelve miles. April 12, marched 10 a. m. on the Raleigh road; camped 6 p. m. at Pineville; marched twelve miles. April 13, marched 10 a. m. on the Raleigh road; camped 6 p. m. near Neuse River; marched fifteen miles. April 14, marched 7 a. m. on the Raleigh road; crossed the Neuse River at Neuse Factory; passed through Raleigh and camped three miles northwest of Raleigh at 3 p. m. ; marched ten miles. April 15, remained in camp near Raleigh, N. C.

Since the 1st instant the command has marched sixty-seven miles, lost 2 men died of wounds received in action, 1 of disease, and 3 captured by the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,T. O. PEIRCE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Captain C. A. EARNEST,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

