HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, In the Field, April 30, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following record of events of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, from the 15th to the 30th day of April, 1865:

The command remained in camp at Raleigh, N. C., from the 15th to the 29th, when it broke camp at 9 a. m. and marched on the Raleigh and Louisburg road; camped 4 p. m. near Neuse River, having marched eleven miles. April 30, remained in camp near Neuse River. No casualties have occurred in this command since last report.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,THOS. O. PEIRCE,

Captain, 111th Illinois Volunteer Infantry, and Actg. Asst. Insp. General

Captain C. A. EARNEST,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

No. 24. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph F. Black, One hundred and eleventh Illinois Infantry, of operations January 18 - March 24.
HEADQUARTERS 111TH ILLINOIS INFANTRY, Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment during the recent campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C.:

Having been detained in command of a detachment and the transportation of the division at Fort Thunderbolt January 19, by an order of Major-General Hazen I embarked my command at Savannah on the 25th of January for Beaufort, S. C. ; arrived at that place on the 26th; disembarked on the 27th and reported to Colonel Jones, commanding brigade, in the afternoon of that day in camp near Beaufort. Subsequently my regiment has participated in all the various duties of the campaign, and deserve praise for the patience with which they have performed many had marches over swamps and difficult roads, many being destitute of shoes, and the willingness with which they have engaged in the several skirmishes, especially at North Edisto River, February 12, where they were compelled to wade for several hours in water waist deep until the crossing was effected. Officers and men have almost without exception performed their duties, and have been encouraged to continue faithful and obedient, hoping that the coming campaign may culminate in the complete suppression of the rebellion, and those who have been remiss have been punished by arrest, reprimand, reduction to the ranks, or otherwise.

During the campaign I have sustained the loss of two men killed; none wounded or missing.

Very respectfully,J. F. BLACK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain FRANK M. LEWIS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 15th Army Corps.

20 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

