
No. 25. Report of Captain William N. Craw, Eighty-third Indiana Infantry, of operations January 16 - March 24.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-THIRD REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 29, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with instructions from headquarters Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, March 26, 1865, I have the honor to herewith report the operations of the Eighty-third Regiment Indiana Volunteers since leaving Savannah, Ga.:

Regiment embarked on board transport at Fort Thunderbolt, January 16, 1865, and arrived at Beaufort, S. C., 17th. Encamped near Beaufort until January 27; marched toward Pocotaligo; arrived January 30; from thence toward Columbia, crossing Salkehatchie and South Edisto Rivers; found the enemy posted on the north bank of Edisto River. February 12, crossed the river above and dislodged them; slight skirmish; no loss. Arrived in front of Columbia February 15; skirmished some 15th and 16th; entered Columbia 17th, after crossing the Saluda and Broad Rivers; destroyed railroad two days; moved toward Fayetteville, crossing Wateree, Great Pedee, Little Pedee, and Rockfish Rivers. Arrived at Fayetteville March 12. Crossed Cape Fear River 14th and moved forward Goldsborough, crossing Black River. Found the enemy on the 21st near Bentonville; skirmished with them and took position on the line; three men wounded. Enemy evacuated night of the 21st and 22d. Moved to Neuse River, crossing near railroad bridge, passing through Goldsborough; encamped northeast of town one mile and a half March 24. Distance traveled since leaving Savannah, by water, sixty miles; by land, 469 miles. Total loss, 2 captured and 3 wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. N. CRAW,

Captain, Commanding Eighty-third Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Captain FRANK M. LEWIS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier 2nd Div., 15th Army Corps.

No. 26. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Louis von Blessingh, Thirty-seventh Ohio Infantry, of operations January 14 - March 24.

HDQRS. THIRTY-SEVENTH Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFTY., Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the Thirty-seventh Regiment Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry during the campaign since leaving Savannah, Ga.:

On the 14th of January, 1865, the regiment broke camp at Savannah,

Ga., and marched with the brigade to Fort Thunderbolt. On the evening of the 15th the regiment embarked on the steamer Crescent for Beaufort, S. C., where it arrived on the morning of the 16th, and went into bivouac three miles from the town. On the 26th were ordered to march to Beaufort, S. C., to disembark the division train. This finished, the regiment went with the train to close up on the division; went into bivouac near Pocotaligo, S. C., and remained there until the 31st. On the 1st of February, 1865, marched about ten miles and rejoined the brigade and division at McPhersonville, S. C. ; marched in

