
a northwest direction of bivouacked on the 4th at Angley's Post-Office; crossed the Big Combahee River on the 5th. On the 6th waded the Little Combahee. On the 7th struck the August and Charleston Railroad at Bamberg, S. C. ; bivouacked two miles from town. On the 8th the regiment went with the brigade on a reconnaissance to the South Edisto River, and returned to camp. On the 10th crossed the South Edisto River. On the 13th the regiment with the brigade waded the swamps, one mile and a half in breadth, near the North Edisto River and crossed the river, forced the rebels from their position on the left bank of the river, thereby effecting a crossing for the corps. On the 14th passed through Sandy Run. On the 15th crossed Congaree Creek and bivouacked five miles from Columbia, S. C. On the 16th crossed Saluda River four miles above Columbia. On the 17th the regiment was detached to the train as guards, while the balance of the troops crossed Broad River. On the 18th rejoined the brigade at Columbia and marched to Section 7 on the South Carolina Railroad, and began tearing up and burning the track. On the 19th completed the destruction and returned to Columbia. On the 20th the march was continued in a northeast direction; crossed Dutchman's Creek on the 21st, and the Wateree River on the 22d; passed through Liberty Hill on the 23rd. On the 26th waded Lynch's Creek, made a reconnaissance with the Fifty-fourth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry and returned the same evening; bivouacked till the 28th.

On the 1st of March the march was continued. On the 2nd reached Black Creek and bivouacked. On the 3rd crossed the creek and marched with the pontoon train. On the 4th marched through Cheraw, S. C., on the Pedee River. On the 5th crossed the Pedee River and marched on the Fayetteville road. on the 6th remained in bivouac. On the 7th continued the march. On the 8th crossed the line of North Carolina; went into bivouac near Laurel Hill, N. C. ; in the evening broke up camp and marched in company with the Forty-seventh Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry to Lumber River; bivouacked for the night. On the 9th attempt to bridge it. The regiment was detached by order of Major-General Howard to escort department headquarters to Randallsville, N. C. On the 10th were relieved from the train and ordered to bring pontoon train through; crossed Raft Swamp. On the 11th crossed Big and Little Rockfish Creek; bivouacked one mile from Fayetteville, N. C. On the 12th rejoined the brigade; the regiment went as escort with a forage train and returned in the evening. On the 14th crossed Cape Fear River. On the 16th crossed South River. On the 17th crossed Cohera Creek. On the 19th marched all day and at night retraced our steps, marching till broad daylight; joined the Twentieth Army Corps; bivouacked. On the 21st took up our position that in the line of battle near Mill Creek, N. C., under fire of the enemy; threw up temporary works. The regiment suffered a loss of 1 man killed and 3 wounded. On the 22nd discovered that the enemy had fled. We took up our line of march at 4 a. m. ; advanced our skirmishers, who closed up on the enemy's rear guard with the brigade for Goldsborough. On the 24th the regiment brought up the rear of the division, crossed the Neuse River, and passed through Goldsborough and occupied our present camping-ground.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS VON BLESSINGH,

Lieutenant Colonel Thirty-seventh Ohio Vet. Fol. Infty., Commanding.

Captain FRANK M. LEWIS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

