
No. 27. Report of Captain Robert Curren, Fifty-third Ohio Infantry, of operations January 30 - March 24.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTY-THIRD OHIO VOLUNTEERS, Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the late campaign:

We left Port Royal Island on the 30th day of January, 1865, and nothing occurred worthy of note until the 12th day of February, when the regiment at North Edisto River was deployed as skirmishers, and moved forward to the river through the swamps and found the enemy well posted on the opposite bank, and we engaged them. After a brief skirmish we succeeded in crossing the river and captured 1 commissioned officer and 22 enlisted men. Our loss was 1 killed and 4 wounded. Nothing more than the ordinary toils of a campaign occurred until we arrived at Columbia, S. C., when we were ordered out to engage and, if possible, silence a rebel battery, which we did effectually during the passage of the entire army and its trains. About noon I received orders to remain there and keep up a brisk fire until ordered away. About midnight I was ordered to join the brigade, which had moved up the river to the second pontoon at Columbia.

The conduct of officers and men was all that could be expected during the entire campaign.

The loss of the regiment was 1 enlisted man killed, 4 wounded, and 3 missing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,ROBERT CURREN,

Captain, Fifty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

Captain F. M. LEWIS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

No. 28. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Israel T. Moore, Fifty-fourth Ohio Infantry, of operations January 14 - March 24.

HDQRS. FIFTY-FOURTH OHIO VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY, Goldsborough, N. C., March 29, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular from headquarters Second Brigade calling for a report of operations since leaving Savannah, Ga., I have the honor to transmit the following:

Leaving Savannah, Ga., January 14, arrived at Thunderbolt same day; took passage on steamer George Leary on the 16th, and arrived at Beaufort, S. C., on morning of the 17th; moved to near Port Royal Ferry on the 24th, where we remained making roads till 30th, when we moved via Pocataligo Station and Hickory Hill, arriving at Owens' Cross-Roads February 2. February 4, detailed to guard supply train to Pocotaligo, but when near Pocotaligo Station on the 5th were ordered to rejoin command with train, which we did, taking supplies left at Owens' Cross-Roads. Overtook our brigade February 6 and moved across railroad at Bamberg on 7th. February 8, made reconnaissance

