
to Cannon's Bridge, on South Edisto River, four companies deployed under command of Major Kili advanced, skirmishing through water two to three feet deep within few rods of enemy's works. After ascertaining the enemy's position returned to camp same night. 9th, moved up South Edisto River, crossed on pontoon on 10th, and arrived at Poplar Springs 11th. Crossed North Edisto river on 12th by felling trees and wading water three to five feet deep for more than a mile; engaged the enemy on opposite shore; drove him from his works, then proceeded down the river two miles to communicate with General Hazen, who was crossing First and Third Brigades at this point; took a number of rebel pickets who were stationed along river-bank. Moved to left of Orangeburg on 13th, and arrived on Congaree River and Close to Columbia the 15th, where the enemy shelled us with a battery on the opposite shore most of the night. 16th and 17th, crossed Saluda and Broad Rivers, and passed through the city of Columbia. Destroying South Carolina Railroad 18th; and 19th moved via Muddy Springs. February 20 crossed Wateree River above Liberty Hill. 22d, leaving Camden to our right, arrived at and crossed Lynch's River on bridge and by wading. February 26, taking position and making works on opposite side.

March 1, moved toward and arrived at Cheraw on 4th and crossed Great Pedee on 5th. March 7, moved forward toward Fayetteville, N. C., via Laurel Hill Church. 8th, 9th, 10th, and 11th, making road and assisting train in crossing swamps. Arrived at Fayetteville March 12, where we remained till 5th, when we again moved toward Goldsborough. At 9 p. m. of 19th moved to rear and left to support Fourteenth Corps, marching all night, arriving near Bentonville at sunrise of 20th, and took on right of Fourteenth Corps. Moved forward on 21st, driving enemy before us till within 200 yards of his works, where we made temporary works of logs. Loss to-day, 1 killed and 2 wounded. The enemy having evacuated during the night, at 1 p. m. of 22nd moved to right and took Goldsborough road, arriving at Goldsborough on the 24th, and camped near it, where we still remain.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. T. MOORE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain F. M. LEWIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 29. Report or Brigadier General John M. Oliver, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of operations January 30 - March 24.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 30, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following memoranda of marches of this brigade on the late campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C.:

January 30, 1865, broke camp near Beaufort, S. C., at 7 a. m. and crossed Port Royal River, at the ferry, on pontoon bridge; took road through Garden's Corners past Bridge Church, and then left-hand road to Pocataligo; reached camp 3. 45 p. m. ; distance marched, seventeen miles.

