
February 1, moved at 7 a. m. and went into camp near Sand Hill Church at 7 p. m. ; distance, thirteen miles. February 2, started at 7 a. m. ; went into camp near Duck Creek, on Barnesville and Orangeburg road, at 4 p. m. ; distance, fourteen miles. February 3, had a skirmish with the enemy; flanked them with a detachment of the Forty-eighth Illinois Infantry, and drove them from their position on the opposite bank of Duck Creek, taking their camp, &amp;c. We sustained a loss of 1 man killed and 1 wounded. February 4, moved at 12 m. and went into camp near Angley's Post-Office at 5 p. m. ; distance, eight miles. February 5, broke camp at 7 a. m. ; marched to and crossed Salkehatchie River at Buford's Brigade; went into near the river at 4 p. m. ; distance, eight miles. February 6, marched about seven miles; crossed Little Salkehatchie and encamped at 7 p. m. February 7, broke camp at 8 a. m. and marched to Bamberg Station; destroyed one mile and a half of railroad toward Midway Station; went into camp in reserve at 4 p. m. ; distance marched, six miles. February 9, left Bamberg Station at 5. 30 a. m. and marched to Holman's Bridge, South Fort Edisto River; went into camp at 1 p. m. ; distance, eight miles. February 10, crossed South Fork Edisto at 5 p. m. and went into camp on road leading toward Columbia, about one mile and a half from river; distance, two miles and a half. February 11, moved at 7 a. m., Third Brigade in advance; went into camp at Poplar Springs at 2. 30 p. m. ; distance, fourteen miles. February 12, broke camp at 7 a. m. and marched to North Fork Edisto River; Third Brigade in rear countermarched and succeeded in crossing Ninety-ninth Indiana Infantry over main river in advance of everything. After the Second Brigade had gained the other crossing we waded the swamp (one mile and a half in width and waist deep) and went into camp one Orangeburg and Columbia road; distance, nine miles. February 13, broke camp at 9 a. m. and marched toward Sandy Run Post-Office; went into camp 5 p. m. ; distance, thirteen miles.

February 14, moved at 7 a. m. ; marched to within eleven miles of Columbia; distance, seventeen miles. February 15, marched at 8 a. m. ; crossed Congaree Creek at 5 p. m. and went into camp on right of First Division; distance, six miles; enemy shelled our line in rear from the bluff across Congaree River. February 16, moved at 9 a. m. and halted opposite the city of Columbia; the Ninety-ninth Indiana and Fifteenth Michigan were sent to hold the crossing at Saluda Creek, and, after a short skirmish with the enemy, we succeeded in crossing about dark and encamped on the banks of Broad River; distance, seven miles. February 17, left camp at 3 p. m. ; crossed Broad River and marched through Columbia, which was formally surrendered that morning by the mayor, the main force of the enemy having evacuated the city the night previous. February 18, at 4 a. m. the Third Brigade was called out to suppress riot; did so, killing 2 men, wounding 30, and arresting 370; Fifteenth Michigan and Ninety-ninth Indiana destroyed one mile of Columbia and Charleston Railroad; sent the Seventieth Ohio, Forty-eighth and Ninetieth Illinois to destroy one mile from Eight to Nine-Mile Post on same road. February 20, left Columbia at 8 a. m. ; marched easterly on road to Traveler's Rest; leaving that place to our right we turned to the north toward Liberty Hill; went into camp at

5 p. m. ; distance, twenty miles. February 21, broke camp at 7 a. m. and marched twenty-two miles; encamped at 8 p. m. February 22, left camp 6. 30 a. m. ; arrived at Wateree River, at Peay's Ferry; crossed brigade in pontoon-boats; went into camp across Singleton's Creek, two miles from the river; distance, eight miles. February 24,

