
good supply of forage. Have remained in camp ever since. I have established lines, thrown up breast-works, and have arranged good camps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. A. LA POINT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

Captain C. A. EARNEST,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, OFFICE ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL, Newar Raleigh, N. C., April 15, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following record of events in this command from the 1st to the 15th instant, inclusive:

April 1, were encamped two miles east of Goldsborough. April 2, the Second Division was reviewed by General Hazen. Remained in camp until April 10, when we broke camp at 7. 30 a. m., Third Brigade occupying the advance; marched on Snow Hill road seven miles, then took road leading to Pikeville; crossed Weldon and Wilmington Railroad and went into camp at 6 p. m. at Nahunta Church, three miles from Pikeville, on road leading to Whitley's Mill; distance marched, sixteen miles. April 11, left camp at 7 p. m. ; marched in rear of division, repairing road for trains; marched five miles on Pikeville and Whitley's Mill road, then moved to right on Lowell orad; crossed Little River and encamped at 9 p. m. near Lowell Factory; distance, twelve miles, corduroyed three miles of road. April 12, broke camp at 8. 30 a. m., Third Brigade occupying the center; marched three miles on Smithfield road, then turned to the right on Raleigh road; went into camp near Pineville at 6 p. m. ; distance, fourteen miles. April 13, marched at 10. 30 a. m., taking the Oxford road until striking the Raleigh road; took road and went into camp at 5. 30 p. m. near Hinton's Brigade, on Neuse River; Third Brigade had the advance of the division; distance, sixteen miles. April 14, broke camp at 9 a. m. ; marched across Neuse River and entered the city of Raleigh, General Sherman reviewing the troops while passing through the city; went into camp four miles northeast of the city at 5 p. m. ; distance, twelve miles.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,M. A. LA POINT,

Captain, Fifteenth Michigan Infantry, Actg. Asst. Insp. General,

Third Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Captain C. A. EARNEST,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECON DIV., 1ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, In the Field, N. C., April 30, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following record of events in this command from the 16th to the 30th instant, inclusive:

April 16, were encamped three miles northeast of the city of Raleigh; remained in camp until the 18th, when we moved camp to within one

