
mile north of the city of Raleigh. On the 23rd the brigade was reviewed by Major-General Hazen, division commander. On the 27th the Fifty-sixth Illinois Infantry was transferred from the Third Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, to the Second Division, and was assigned to this brigade. Remained in camp until the 29th, when we broke cap at 9 and camped at 4 p. m. ; distance marched, eleven miles. 30th, remained in camp.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. A. LA POINT,

Captain, Fifteenth Michigan Infantry, Act. Asst. Insp. General

Third Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Captain C. A. EARNEST,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

No. 30. Report of Bvt. Major General John E. Smith, U. S. Army commanding Third Division, of operations January 19 - March 26, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command during the recent campaign from Savannah, Ga., to this place:

In compliance with orders I broke camp at Savannah, Ga., at 6 a. m. January 19, 1865, and moved with the Second Brigade of my division in advance, crossing the Savannah River on pontoons to Hutchinson's Island. Here I found the roads badly cut up, almost impassable, and consequently the movements were slow, thence crossing on pontoons to Pennyworth's Island. Arriving at the last pontoon I found it unsafe to cross; several of the boats were loose, and the officer in charge making no efforts, or very faint ones, for its safety. I at once detailed fifty men to report to him, and by a little urging succeeded in getting it in position and made fast, having been delayed one hour. Having crossed over to Cheves' rice plantation, I moved over one of the causeways running through the plantation, which for some distance was high but quite narrow, barely admitting the passage of wagons. About this time (9. 30 a. m.) it commenced raining slightly, and it was evident that unless we could cross before it rained much it would be impossible to get through, as our heavy wagons would soon cut down the slight embankment. I therefore made very effort to reach the Union Causeway as soon as possible. Upon reaching the latter point, finding that the train was moving without difficulty, and as I thought it had not rained sufficiently to soften the roads, I pushed forward as rapidly as possible to New River bridge, to clear the road for the Fourth Division, following me, and at the same time, if necessary, cover the working party (from the Fourth Division) constructing a bridge across New River. I arrived at 1 p. m. with head of column, and about 2 p. m. Battery B, First Michigan Artillery, wagon train of Second Brigade, ammunition, and nearly all of the supply train came into camp well closed up, having marched a distance of twelve miles. At about 11ced raining very hard, and continued to do so

