
during the day. At about 3 p. m. it was reported to me that the water about the plantation referred to had swollen so that the corduroy on the low portions of the causeway, or dike, had floated off, and that in consequence a few wagons of the supply train were stalled, and that the First Brigade, in the rear, could not come forward. I at once sent one of my staff officers (Captain Wellman) to direct Colonel J. B. McCown, commanding First Brigade, to have the contents of the wagons carried by the men of his command, and to have the wagons dragged through to this side. I also directed Captain Wellman to communicate with Brigadier General J. M. Corse and report to him the condition of the roads as he (Wellman) might find them. Captain Wellman found that owing to the sudden and unlooked-for rise in the Savannah River the whole of the country over which we had passed submerged, and only succeeded in reaching Colonel McCown by leaving his horse and wading in places up to his armpits.

I was not aware of the extent of the flood until the next morning (20th) when I rode down intending to report our condition in person, thinking I could make my way to Savannah via Scribner's [Screven's?] Ferry; but this was impossible; the whole country to the extent of three miles back from the river was submerged. In the meantime I directed Colonel McCown to return to Savannah with his command and all of his wagons, abandoning such wagons as he could not get off. This was done with a loss of nine wagons of the supply train, together with their contents. Captain Wellman joined me on the Union Causeway at about 4 p. m., having just succeeded in getting back. Finding that the troops and nearly all of the wagons would be saved I ordered the pioneer corps of my own and of the Fourth Division, which had been sent to assist the trains, to return to camp near New River bridge, where I arrived at about 9 p. m., and found the camps covered with water to the depth of from six inches to two feet. There had been no cessation of rain since noon of the 19th instant. Our advent upon sacred soil was not calculated to produce a very good impression, and I fear that some of our officers and men lost their usual equanimity of temper. Our camps were on the site of one formerly occupied by the chivalry, who had dug, I suppose in a dry season, a number of wells from twelve to fifteen feet deep. These being now full could not been, and a number of men contributed to the merriment of their comrades by suddenly disappearing from view. I was a victim to some extent. Upon my return to camp, tired and hungry, I called upon the major-domo of our mess for something to eat. He presented himself with a pig's foot in one hand and some hard-track in the other. This unusual proceeding I resented, when he informed me that "dere was no plate, knife and fork, left; dey was all clean done gone. " Upon inquiry I ascertained that he had taken a plunge and deposited the whole of our scanty mess kit in one of these wells. January 21, broke camp at 8. 30 a. m. ; detained by prisoners not having closed up with the command on the 20th, was ordered. Crossed New River and marched even miles, going into camp at 3. 30 p. m. ; three miles south of Hazzard's Bridge. Seven small bridges were built and 380 yards of road corduroyed. It rained all day and three miles of the road was covered with water to the depth of from one to two feet. January 22, broke camp near Hazzard's Bridge at 7 a. m. ; marched twelve miles and encamped at 4 p. m. on J. J. Huguenin's plantation, near Bee's Creek; rained hard all day; built five small bridges, in the aggregate seventy feet. About four miles of the road was through swamps, covered with water and very bad. January 23, broke camp near Bee's Creek at 8. 30 a. m. ; marched ten miles

