
and encamped near Pocotaligo at 3 p. m. ; rained all day; corduroyed 480 yards of the road. January 24 to 29, inclusive, in camp, getting supplies for next movement; weather clear with cold winds. January 30, command broke camp (the First Brigade, Brigadier General W. T. Clark commanding, having reported at 9 a. m.), near Pocotaligo at 12 m., and marched six miles, encamping one mile west of McPhersonville. Weather clear and pleasant. January 31, remained in camp.

February 1, broke camp near McPhersonville, S. C., at 7 a. m., under orders to follow the First Division. Did not get the road until 11 a. m. ; marched fifteen miles and encamped at Hickory Hill, head of column arriving at 5. 30, and rear guard at 10 p. m. ; roads cut badly. February 2, broke camp at 9 a. m., to follow Second Division; 12 m. before rear of Second Division passemiles and encamped at Anderson's Cross-Roads, advance arriving at 5, and rear guard at 8 p. m. ; weather clear and pleasant; roads bad; crossed several small streams. February 3, broke camp at 7 a. m. and marched to Duck Creek; distance, five miles; weather cloudy with rain; foragers had a sharp skirmish with the enemy's with the enemy's pickets on Duck Creek for possession of a mill which they captured, together with a quantity of corn meal, without loss. The Fourth Regiment Minnesota Volunteers Infantry was ordered to cross Duck Creek and encamp, which was done without opposition from the enemy. Division encamped at 2 p. m. February 4, broke camp at 6 a. m. ; weather cloudy with rain; roads in places very heavy; marched ten miles and encamped at Harrison's Cross-Roads, near Wills Creek. February 5, broke camp at 7 a. m. ; weather cloudy; crossed Big Salkehatchie River at Buford's Bridge, passing through one mile of swamp on causeways bridged at twenty-six places; marched four miles and encamped at Moye's plantation at 10 a. m. February 6, broke camp at 6 a. m. ; weather cloudy. About two miles from Lane's Bridge over the Little Salkehatchie, the enemy's were discovered. Two companies of the Tenth Iowa Volunteer Infantry were deployed and thrown forward in advance of the column. The enemy retiring rapidly, we advanced in this manner to the river, and upon reconnoitering found that there was a narrow causeway leading to the bridge which had been obstructed by felling trees. It was supposed also that the enemy had works on the other side, which proved true. I at once made preparation to force the crossing and directed Colonel C. R. Wever, commanding the Second Brigade, and in the advance, to send one regiment (the Tenth Iowa) about three-quarters of a mile to our left, at a mill, and one regiment (the Eightieth Ohio) about the same distance to the right, to protect our flanks, and also, if possible, to effect a crossing, and attack the enemy in flank. The Fifty-sixth Illinois Volunteer Infantry was ordered to make a direct attack from both sides of the road. These dispositions having been made, the skirmishers from the center plunged into the swamp, the water up to their knees, and the thickets so dense that it required such energetic as none but our brave soldiers possess to penetrate them at all. After contending with these difficulties a short time a lively skirmish five was opened. A section of artillery was now brought up and a few shots fired to develop the enemy's guns, if he had any. Not receiving any reply the order was given to the center to force their way through, which they did, gallantly wading the main stream, waist deep, the enemy retiring precipitately, and halting on a ridge half a mile distant, where they showed themselves in full force to the number of from 1,200 to 1,500 cavalry. The regiment in advance hastily threw up a slight work of rails, until support get across,

