
when skirmishers were again deployed and advanced upon the enemy; but us usual they proved themselves very discreet, and fled faster then we could follow. Our casualties were five men slightly wounded. The command encamped on Doctor Fishburn's plantation on the road to Bamberg. Distance marched, ten miles.

February 7, broke camp at 8 a. m. ; rained all night and continues to do so to-day; in charge of trains of First and Second Division; roads bad, requiring a great dal of work; marched five miles and encamped near Bamberg Station, on the South Carolina Railroad. February 8, remained in camp; weather clear and cool. First Brigade was detailed to destroy three miles of South Carolina Railroad, which was thoroughly done. February 9, broke camp at 6. 30 a. m. ; weather clear and cool; marched seven miles and encamped two miles northwest of Graham's Turnout. February 10, remained in camp during the a. m. ; weather clear and cool. The First Brigade destroyed two miles and a half a South Carolina Railroad. The Second Brigade completed the destruction of about one mile and a half a same road, which had been imperfectly done by the Twentieth Army Corps. Broke camp at 3 p. m. ; marched three miles and a half and encamped at cross-roads near Holman's Bridge. February 11, broke camp at 6. 30 a. m., crossed the South Edisto River on pontoons, passed through Willow Swamp, the water for one mile about two feet deep, and marched sixteen miles, encamping at Poplar Springs at 4. 30 p. m. ; roads good; weather cool. February 12, broke camp at 8. 30 a. m. The Second Division, in advance, had a skirmish with the enemy at Shilling's Bridge, over North Edisto River. Was ordered to hold my command in readiness to support the Second Division, but it was not required. The division commenced crossing the North Edisto River on pontoons at dark and encamped near the Orangeburg road. The rear guard did not arrive in camp until 1 a. m. 13th instant; distance marched, five miles; weather warm and sultry. February 13, broke camp at 6. 30 a. m. ; marched seventeen miles and encamped near Big Crotchpen Creek; weather clear and cool; roads good. February 14, broke camp at 9 a. m. ; marched twelve miles and encamped at 3 p. m. near Sandy Run Post-Office; roads good. Wagons moved in double column, the troops on either flank. Weather cloudy and cool. February 15, broke camp at 7 a. m. and marched to Bate's Ferry, on the Congaree River, where, in compliance with orders, a demonstration to cross was made. We discovered upon the opposite side a picket guard of from twenty-five to thirty men. Our skirmishers opened fire upon them, which they returned, seemingly disposed to contest the ground. In the meantime I ordered one section of Battery B, First Michigan Artillery, in position, and made such disposition of my command as would create the impression that I had a much larger force. A few well directed shells dispersed the enemy's pickets, and they did not again make their appearance. The crossing at this point was practicable, had it been desirable. At dark, in compliance with instructions, I withdrew my command, leaving one regiment on picket, with instructions to keep fires burning for a distance of one mile and a half along the river, thereby giving the appearance of a large camp. The command encamped near Tom's Creek. Distance marched, six miles. February 16, broke camp at 7 a. m. The supply trains of the division were massed. The command during a portion of the day were near Congaree Creek a waiting orders. In the p. m. moved up, crossing the Saluda River, near Saluda Factory, on pontoons at 11. 30 p. m. and encamped at 1. 30 a. m. on the 17th on Columbia road near Broad River bridge. Distance

