
to be shot, which was done on the spot. All necessary dispositions were made to guard the camp against surprise in the event that there was a large force, but we were not molested any further. February 26, broke camp at 9 a. m. and marched twelve miles, encamping at 4. 30 p. m. at Kelly's Bridge, on Lynch's Creek. February 27, 28, and March 1, the command remained in camp at Kelly's Bridge, waiting for a bridge to be built across Lynch's Creek, the water being not high no ford. My pioneer corps was ordered to assist that of General Hazen's in constructing the bridge. On the 28th the train were inspected, and about 3,000 pounds of tobacco and sundries, which had gathered since similar inspection was made at West's Cross-Roads, was thrown out.

March 2, broke camp at 2 p. m. and following the Second Division crossed Lynch's Creek over a bridge about 580 yards long, which had been constructed by the pioneer corps, and marched seven miles, encamping at 8 p. m. at Kellytown. March 3, broke camp at 6 a. m., and crossed Black Creek, on Camden and Cheraw road. Just before arriving at this point I rode about half a mile in advance of the column to examine the crossing at the creek, which I found in bad condition, and requiring considerable work to make it passable. While waiting the arrival of the command I heard five distinct and successive reports of a pistol, and ten minutes after five more, not fired rapidly, but rather deliberately. I thought it some thoughtless person at the head of the column discharging his pistols. I was vexed, as these things, if done in my command, are in violation of positive orders. I soon learned, however, that Lieutenant Colonel James Isaminger, of the Sixty-third Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, had been captured by a squad of twenty rebels clothed in the uniform of our soldiers. Colonel Isaminger had been detached from his regiment for a few days, and was in charge of the pioneer corps. He had ridden 200 or 300 yards ahead of the column, and discovering the road obstructed by a tree that had fallen he sent back to the pioneer corps for a few axmen to come forward and clear the road. He was thus engaged when these men, whom from their dress he supposed to be our men, approached him, without suspicion on his part. This occurred within 200 yards of the advancing column, but owing to a hill between them could not be seen. The pioneers returning to the head of the column gave the alarm, when the advanced guard immediately deployed. (As soon as I learned what had taken place I sent my mounted men in pursuit.) It would seem that after capturing Colonel Isaminger they rode off a short distance, say 200 or 300 yards, and halted, and so completely deceived were our men as to their appearance that two mounted men from the train rode up to them, seeing Colonel Isaminger with the group, inquiring where the "rebs" were. One of the men was taken prisoner, the other, refusing to surrender, was killed. Had our men known they were enemies they would not have escaped so easily.

I regret the loss of Colonel Isaminger, as he has proven himself one of the most reliable and energetic officers in the command.

Division marched twenty-nine miles, two of which was cut through the woods on the side of the main road, and encamped at 6. 30 p. m. on the Widow Campbell's plantation, on Juniper Creek. Weather during the a. m. cloudy and rainy. March 4, broke camp at 7 a. m. and following the remainder of the corps marched eight miles, passing over Thompson's Creek, through Cheraw, and encamping one mile northwest of town on Chesterfield road. March 5, broke camp at 6. 30 a. m. ; crossed Big Pedee River. About two miles from the river our forages

