
ran into what was supposed to be a picket-post, but what proved to be a portion of the rear guard of the enemy moving out on the Rockingham road. The advance guards were deployed and were soon engaged in a skirmish with them. They retired precipitately, abandoning 2 caissons, 2 forages, and 1 battery wagon, at the edge of Harrington's farm. Two miles farther on the road they cut three horses from and abandoned two more caissons. All the ammunition chests were filled with light 12-pounder ammunition. They were all destroyed. Command marched four miles, encamping on Grant's plantation, near Phill's Creek. March 6, command in camp, running four grist-mills; weather clear and cool. March 7, broke camp at 9 a. m., marched twelve miles and encamped at 2. 30 p. m., one mile from the State line, on Oldham's plantation. March 8, broke camp at 9 a. m. ; marched thirteen miles and encamped at Laurel Hill. Rained hard all day, and the roads were heavy. The trains and rear guard arrived at camp at 3 a. m. on the 9th. March 9, broke camp at 7 a. m. The roads continued good and the train moved along well until 2 p. m., when it commenced raining very hard. The roads, as soon as they got wet, seemed to melt away, and for four miles, before reaching Gilchrist's Bridge, it was impossible to find enough solid ground for a mule to stand upon. I cannot find language to describe the condition of our trains; it must have been seen to be appreciated. By the indomitable energy of the First Brigade, Brigadier General W. T. Clark commanding, amid torrents of rain, they succeeded in reaching our camp at Colonel McCann's residence, near Randallsville, at 6. 30 the next morning. The Second Brigade had been made sent forward from Gilchrist's Bridge, and encamped at 8 p. m. near Randallsville; distance marched, twelve miles. March 10, broke camp at 9 a. m. ; crossed Raft Swamp and encamped at 6 p. m. ; distance marched, five miles. March 11, broke camp at 10. 30 a. m. Just as the rear of the division was moving out of camp a small party of the rebel cavalry, dressed in our uniform, dashed up, cut out two horses from an ambulances, and succeeded in getting off with them. Marched six miles and encamped at 11 p. m. at Nelson's Post-Office. It is nearly a continuous swamp from Gilchrist's Bridge to Rockfish Creek. Weather clear. March 12, broke camp at 9 a. m. ; marched seven miles and encamped at 6 p. m. two miles from Fayetteville on the left of the plank road. Weather clear. March 13, command remained in camp. Weather clear and warm. March 14, broke camp at 11 a. m. ; crossed Cape Fear River on pontoons at 4 p. m. and encamped one mile from crossing. Rear of command reached camp at 11 p. m. ; distance marched three miles and a half; weather warm and cloudy. March 15, during the a. m. the non-veterans of the division, principally from the Fifty-ninth Indiana and Fifty-sixth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, were ordered to proceed as guard to refugees, white and black, to Wilmington, N. C., and upon their arrival there to be mustered out of service. Broke camp at 2. 30 p. m. and marched twelve miles, encamping two miles from South River at 6. 30 p. m. Weather was rainy and roads very bad.

March 16, broke camp at 9 a. m. The crossing at South River was in very bad condition. My command was delayed at this point by Fourth and Second Division until 3 p. m. Had great difficulty in getting my wagons across. Marched seven miles over very bad roads and encamped at forks of road near the head of Jones' Swamp. March 17, broke camp at 8 a. m. ; marched eight miles and encamped at 3 p. m. at Jackson's Cross-Roads; weather clear; roads bad. March 18, broke camp at 7 a. m. ; marched twelve miles and encamped at Newton's Cross-Roads at 4 p. m. A rebel cavalry picket having been reported to

