
be one mile out on our front, I sent the Sixty-third Illinois Volunteer Infantry of reconnoiter. The regiment went out three miles without meeting an enemy, but saw quite a large force of the Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps bummers. Weather cloudy; roads good. March 19, broke camp at 6 a. m. with the expectation of marching to Goldsborough. The officers and men were very much elated at the prospect. The crossing at Falling Creek was very bad, the water being deep, and the corduroy on the bottom being full of holes. From this point I moved on with the advance of the division (Second Brigade), and a portion of the train (including department and corps headquarters), to Falling Creek School-House. Being ordered to halt, I sent one regiment (the Eightieth Ohio) to cover the Goldsborough road; one (the Tenth Iowa) was sent out in charge of Lieutenant Colonel William E. Strong, of General Howard's staff, to reconnoiter toward Cox's Bridge, and one (the Fifty-sixth Illinois) was left as guard with the trains. At 4 p. m. the First Brigade, with the remainder of the trains, arrived. At 5 p. m. that portion of the Second Brigade in camp and on Goldsborough road (Fifty-sixth Illinois and Eightieth Ohio) was ordered forward to Cox's Cross-Roads to the support of the Tenth Iowa, it being reported that the enemy were moving toward us in considerable force. The First Brigade encamped at 6 p. m. on the left of the Cox's Bridge road, one mile from the school-house, where a line of works was thrown up. Heavy firing on the left was heard during the day, occasioned, it was reported, by an attack upon the Fourteenth Corps. Distance marched, fifteen miles; roads very bad in places; weather clear and cool. March 20, in compliance with orders received, the Second Brigade, Colonel C. R. Wever commanding, with one section of Battery B, First Michigan Artillery, moved down toward Cox's Bridge. After a sharp skirmish for on hour our men penetrated the swamps and thickets, and, obtaining a good position, succeeded in driving the enemy to the other side of the river. The enemy used artillery freely, having four guns in position, completely covering the bridge and narrow road leading to it. Our guns could not be used with effect, as we could not get a position in range for them. At 7. 45 a. m. we had possession of the bridge and completed its destruction, which had already been commenced by the enemy, who fired it as they retired to the opposite side. At 8. 30 a. m. I moved forward, following the Fourth Division, with the First Brigade and artillery, to Bentonville Cross-Roads, and placed my command in line, as reserve, in rear of the First Division. The Second Brigade, which had been left at Cox's Cross-Roads as guard for the trains of the corps, came up with the same at 5 p. m. Our loss in the skirmish at Cox's Bridge was three wounded. One of the men has since died. March 21, position of command unchanged. March 22, the enemy having retreated during last night, the division remained in camp. March 23, broke camp at 7. 30 a. m. ; marched via Falling Creek School-House and encamped at 3. 30 p. m. near Falling Creek, on Everettsville road; distance marched twelve miles; roads good. March 24, broke camp at 7 a. m. ; crossed Neuse River, near railroad bridge, on pontoons, marched through Goldsborough, and encamped at 4 p. m. in line one mile east of town, the left of the command resting on the New Berne railroad; distance marched, nine miles; weather clear and windy.

In concluding my report, I beg to return my sincere thanks to Brigadier General W. T. Clark, commanding First Brigade, and Colonel C. R. Wever, commanding Second Brigade, as well as regimental commanders, for their active and cheerful co-operation during the most laborious campaign

21 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

