
of ancient or modern history, taking into consideration the character of the country, with its unnumerable rivers and swamps, hitherto considered impassable by all military men, save our indomitable leader. The cheerful conduct of our men on their toilsome marches, making roads, wading streams and swamps, often up to their waists, almost daily, and during the last twenty days many of them without shoes, merits the highest consideration that can be given them. There can be no better soldiers.

To my staff - Captain S. M. Budlong, assistant adjutant-general; Captain H. Skinner, assistant quartermaster; Captain Jasper Johnson, commissary of subsistence; Captain J. W. Roberts, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain J. E. Simson, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Colonel S. M. Archer, division officer of the day, and Captain D. L. Wellman, provost-marshal- I am much indebted for the efficient manner in which they have discharged their duties.

I would respectfully recommend for promotion Colonel John E. Tourtellotte, Fourth Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, for his soldierly qualities. His gallantry upon all occasions, particularly during the assault, October 5, 1864, upon Allatoona, Ga., when he was severely wounded, but remained at his post, which he commanded during the Atlanta campaign, merits consideration.

I would also respectfully recommend that Captain Syria M. Budlong, assistant adjutant-general, be promoted to the rank of major and assistant adjutant-general, for the able and efficient manner in which he has discharged his duties. Captain Budlong has been in all the battles of the West, from Fort Henry, Donelson, Shiloh (where he was severely wounded), Siege of Corinth, Mississippi campaign, all of the battles in rear of Vicksburg, Missionary Ridge, Georgia and Carolina campaigns, and in all he has proven himself a worthy officer for the consideration of the War Department.

The distance marched from Savannah Ga., is 485 1/2 miles, number of marching days 46, making an average of 10 2/4 5/6 miles per day. I also submit herewith reports of casualties, as received from bridge commandeers, and tabular statement of amount of forage and supplies, and number of horses, mules, and vehicles of all sorts taken from the country, amount of property destroyed, including railroads, gin-houses, resin and turpentine factories, &amp;c. ; also number of rivers and swamps crossed, amount of work done by pioneer corps and command, number of prisoners captured, Federal officers and enlisted men, and white and colored refugees joined the command.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN. E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.

Major MAX WOODHULL, Asst. Adjt. General, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Report of casualties in Third Division, Fifteenth Corps, since leaving Savannah, Ga.

 Commissioned	 Enlisted men.

 officers.

Killed	 1	 6

Died of wounds	 ---	 4

Died of disease	 ---	 5

Drowned	 ---	 1

Wounded	 ---	 10

Captured by the enemy	 2	 8

Missing	 ---	 10

Deserted	 ---	 7

Aggregate, 54

