HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Near Raleigh, N. C., April 15, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this brigade for the 15th instant:

Broke camp at 6. 30 a. m. and marched as train guard on right flank of train; moving half a mile the column was halted. At 10. 30 a. m. returned to and occupied the camp of last night.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. T. CLARK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain S. M. BUDLONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Near McPhersonville, January 31, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of this brigade for the month of January, 1865:

This command remained at Savannah form the 1st until the 19th of January, doing grand guard and fatigue duty and perfecting themselves in drill. The Ninety-third Illinois Volunteer Infantry were stationed in the city on Bay street guarding quartermaster's stores from the 2nd of January until the 19th. On the 11th instant the Sixty-third Illinois Volunteer Infantry were ordered to Forts Wimberly, Rosedew, and Beaulieu, to assist in dismantling them, returning on the 17th instant to their old camp. On the 19th instant this brigade marched from Savannah, Ga., in the rear of division train across the pontoon bridges, opposite the city of Savannah, to a rice plantation. It began raining at 10 a. m., which made the levee on which we were compelled to travel very slippery, and then it was impossible to keep the wagons from sliding in the canal. The Forty-eighth Indiana Volunteer Infantry were ordered forward to assist in getting and keeping the wagons on the levee. This regiment, under command of Captain N. Bingham, worked faithfully until dark, when it was compelled to discontinue until daylight. There still remained twenty-four wagons of division train and the entire brigade train (twenty-two wagons) with the brigade, the balance having succeeded in reaching high ground. It continued raining all night, and in the morning the whole country was flooded. All that portion of the levee between high ground and where the brigade was camped on the plantation was covered with water, making it impossible for the command to move forward, and there was no alternative but to return to Savannah (abandoning the hospital wagon of the Forty-eighth and Fifty-ninth Indiana and eight wagons of the division train), which place they reached at 5 p. m., the 20th instant, and went into camp on the ground they formerly occupied, where they remained until the 23rd instant, when this brigade embarked at the foot of Bull street on board the steamships Norfolk, Mariposa, and Mary A. Boardman, arriving at Beaufort, S. C., on the 24th instant. I was then ordered back to Savannah to bring up the mules of the brigade and did not reach here until this evening at 8 o'clock, and am unable to report anything that has transpired since

