
the 24th instant. There has been mustered out of U. S. service during the month of January, 1865, seven commissioned officers and fifty-six enlisted men belonging to this brigade.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. H. WARREN,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Inspector-General,

First Brigade, Third Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Captain JOS. W. ROBERTS,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Third Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Near Kelly's Ferry, S. C., February 27, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this brigade for the month of February, 1865:

February 1, marched from near McPhersonville to Hickory Hill Post-Office; distance, fifteen miles. On 2nd instant marched to Richardson's Cross-Roads in rear of Second Division; distance, eleven miles. On 2nd instant marched to Duck Branch; distance, five miles. On 4th instant marched to Harrison's plantation over very bad roads; distance, ten miles. On 5th instant marched to near Buford's Bridge; distance, four miles. On 6th instant marched to Doctor Fishburn's plantation; distance, ten miles. On 7th instant marched to Bamberg; distance, six miles. On 8th instant destroyed two miles and a half of railroad. On 9th instant marched one mile beyond Graham's; distance, six miles. On 10th instant, as directed by Special Orders, No. 40, headquarters Fifteenth Army Corps, this brigade moved from camp at daylight out upon the railroad about five miles toward Blackville, halting in rear of Second Brigade, First Division, whose line extended to the point where the railroad was already destroyed, and then commenced the destruction of the road, burning every tie and twisting every rail for the distance of two and a half miles with the exception of about fifty yards, in which interval the rails were not twisted, the command being ordered to move before that could be accomplished. The brigades returned to camp upon the receipt of orders at 2. 30 p. m., and thence moved to a point near Binnaker's Ferry, marching a distance of four miles. On 11th instant broke camp at 6. 30 a. m. and marched to Poplar Springs, going into camp at 5. 30 p. m. ; distance, fourteen miles. On 12th, instant marched across the North Fork of Edisto River at Cannon's Bridge and camped on mile and a half beyond, on Keitt's plantation. On 13th instant broke camp at 6. 30 a. m. ; marched via Orangeburg toward Columbia, a distance of about twenty miles, going into camp at 5 p. m. On 14th instant broke camp at 10 a. m., and marched half a mile beyond Sandytown Post-Office, making a march of twelve miles, going into camp at 4 p. m. On 15th instant camped in compliance with orders at 7 a. m. ; moved upon the road; found the division in advance still in camp; returned by order to camp; waited two and a half hours, then moved forward about one mile, when the brigade came upon the rear of the Fourth Division; halted one hour until that division moved on. Marched to Bates' Ferry; made demonstration as if to cross the Congaree River at that point; drove away with skirmishers the enemy's pickets about 1 p. m. No sign of any enemy thereafter. Kept up demonstration until 7. 30 p. m., when the

