
command was ordered forward to Tom's Creek, leaving Ninety-third Illinois Volunteer Infantry on picket guard at the ferry. Arrived in camp at 10 p. m. On 16th instant broke camp at 7 a. m. ; moved in rear of Fourth Division; crossed Congaree Creek at 10. 30 a. m. ; bivouacked at 5 p. m. ; crossed the Saluda River at 12 midnight and went into camp on Broad River at 1. 30 a. m. On 17th instant broke camp at 2 p. m. ; crossed Broad River and marched through the city of Columbia, camping on the east side near the railroad at 5 p. m. On 18th instant remained in camp. On 19th instant Fourth Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, Fifty-ninth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, and Sixty-third Illinois Volunteer Infantry were at work destroying ammunition at the arsenal. Several men were killed and wounded by the explosion of shell. I forward a copy of Colonel J. B. McCown's official report. On 20th instant marched to Muddy Springs; distance, eighteen miles. On 21st broke camp at 1. 30 p. m. ; marched to Harrison's Cross-Roads, a distance of seventeen and a half miles, camping at 1. 30 a. m. on the morning of the 22nd instant. On 22nd instant broke camp at 7 a. m. ; marched to and crossed the Wateree River at Peay's Ferry, going into camp on the east bank at 1. 30 p. m. ; distance, twelve miles. On 23rd instant broke camp at 6 a. m. ; marched to near Flat Rock Post-Office, camping at 2 p. m. ; distance, fifteen miles. On 24th instant broke camp at 7 a. m. and marched to near West's Corners, going into camp at 5. 30 p. m. ; distance, thirteen miles. On 25th instant remained in camp. While a foraging party from this command, in connection with a party of the same character from division train, were engaged in procuring corn and fodder from a plantation one mile and a half in rear of this brigade's camp they were attacked by a party of rebels, the majority of whom were dressed in our own uniform. They killed 2 men of the Sixty-third Illinois Volunteer Infantry, wounded 1 and captured 2; wounded 1 of the Forty-eighth Indiana Volunteer Infantry and captured 1; wounded 1 of the Ninety-third Illinois Volunteer Infantry and captured 2 on duty at these headquarters. They also captured 2 wagons - 1 farm wagon from Sixty-third Illinois Volunteer Infantry and 1 forage team detailed for these headquarters. The men killed were murdered in cold blood after being taken prisoners. After the attack on the forage party they charged upon the pickets of this brigade, when they were immediately checked and driven back with a loss, as far as ascertained, of 1 wounded and 1 prisoner. Upon the first alarm this command was ordered under arms, and a regiment thrown forward to the cross-roads, forming a grand guard with the line well extended on either flank. It is ascertained that the attacking party were a portion of the Jeff. Davis Legion, two brigades of whom were hanging on our rear. On 26th instant broke camp at 11. 15 a. m. and marched within one mile of Kelly's Ferry, where the brigade is now encamped. The clothing of the men is very poor; indeed many of them are about barefooted, and the entire command is without a day's ration of breadstuff.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. H. WARREN,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

Captain JOS. W. ROBERTS,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Third Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

