
5. 30 a. m., going into camp at 8 p. m., near Mill Creek. On 21st and 22nd instant remained in camp. On 23rd instant broke camp at 8 a. m. ; marched to and encamped near Falling Creek brigade at 5 p. m. On 24th instant broke camp at 7. 30 a. m. ; marched to and crossed the Neuse River, going into camp two miles east of Goldsborough at 5 p. m. distance, thirteen miles, where the brigade still remains and is being refitted throughout with everything necessary to fit it for active field service.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. H. WARREN,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Inspector-General,

First Brigade, Third Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Captain JOS W. ROBERTS,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Third Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Near Raleigh, N. C., April 15, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following as a report of the operations of this brigade since March 31, 1865:

The brigade remained in camp near Goldsborough, N. C., until the 10th instant. Broke camp at 7 a. m. ; marched at 9. 30 a. m. in advance over bad roads, some portions of which were corduroyed by this brigade, amounting to about 150 yards; encamped near Pikeville, N. C., at 11 p. m. ; day's march, fifteen miles. On 11th instant broke camp at 7 a. m. ; marched as train guard at 11 a. m. over very bad roads in which the wagons mired to such an extent that the entire brigade was used as a pioneer corps, corduroying fully four miles of road and dragging wagons out of the mud continually until 2 a. m. of next day, when the brigade reached and crossed Little River at Lowell Factory, where it encamped for the remainder of the night; day's march, twelve miles. On 12th instant broke camp at 6 a. m. and marched in advance. Roads comparatively good; encamped near Pineville, N. C., at 4. 30 p. m. ; day's march, thirteen miles. On 13th instant broke camp at 5 a. m. and marched as train guard; country somewhat broken and roads in passable condition for trains. Reached and crossed Neuse River at Hinton's Brigade; encamped near Neuse Mills at 3 p. m. ; day's march, sixteen miles. On 14th instant broke camp at 7. 30 a. m. ; marched in advance; crossed Crabtree Creek; reached Raleigh at 11. 30 a. m. Brigade reviewed by Major-General Sherman. Encamped near Raleigh at 1 p. m. ; day's march, six miles.

The brigade having received almost a complete outfit at Goldsborough, N. C., is in good condition in this respect. Good discipline is maintained throughout the command. The Eighteenth Wisconsin have some men (recruits and drafted men) armed with the Enfield rifled musket. As soon as practicable measures will be taken to exchange them for Springfield rifled muskets. This regiment rejoined the brigade from veteran furlough on the 26th of March last, and was then commanded by Major Millard. Since that time Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Jackson has taken command.

On the 6th instant the Fourth Regiment Minnesota Veteran Volunteers Infantry, Colonel John E. Tourtellotte commanding, was transferred from this brigade to the Second Brigade of this division in compliance with Special Orders, No. 77, headquarters Third Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, April 6, 1865.

