
shoulders with which to corduroy the swamps and quicksand roads before a wagon could pass over them, and in many instances performing the severest labor in water to their waists, remaining thus exposed until in many cases they were brought from the water in a cramped and spasmodic condition. Especially was this the case at Whippy Swamp.

Breaking camp at Lee's plantation at 6 a. m. the 11th of February, I moved rapidly forward, crossing the Branchville and Augusta Railroad to Binnaker's Bridge, over the Little or South Branch of the Edisto River, where, striking the rear of the Seventeenth Army Corps, I made a temporary halt, massing my command until I could get possession of the pontoons. At 1 p. m. I crossed my command, and leaving to my right the road pursued by the Seventeenth Army Corps moved to Hooper's plantation, where I was compelled to place my command in bivouac for the night to wait for the Third and First Division to pass my head of column. Continuing my march at daybreak on the 12th, I moved forward to the right, and following the road pursued by the remainder of the corps arrived near the North Branch of the Edisto River at 11 a. m. and took up a position on the left of the First Division, and in support of General Hazen, whose troops at that time were skirmishing with the enemy on the opposite bank. At 6 a. m. on the 13th instant, the enemy having been expelled from the river, I crossed the Edisto and moved forward, bearing well to the left; crossed Little Beaver Creek and from thence to Sandy Run Post-Office, striking at this latter point the Orangeburg and Columbia road, which I pursued to the left a distance of four miles, and placed my command in bivouac at 10. 30 a. m. on the 14th. The entire corps concentrated at this point. At 8 a. m. on the 15th I moved out on the road above referred to in the direction of Columbia, following in rear of the Second Division of this corps to Congaree Creek, and from thence, on the 16th, to a position in front, in open view, and nearly in musket range of the city of Columbia. It was here, and while throwing my troops into position that Battery H, First Missouri Light Artillery, of this division, silenced a rebel battery which was directing its fire against the right of my infantry and trains of the corps, which were passing in easy range. The firing of Callahan's battery was well executed and rapid, and no doubt saved our trains from being stampeded by the enemy's fire. During the night of this day, pursuant to orders from corps headquarters, I withdrew my command from its position and crossed the Salud River to Dutch Fork, and from thence, at 8 a. m. on the 17th, crossed Broad River (leaving my trains under a sufficient guard) and moved through the city of Columbia to a position nearly east thereof and in close proximity to the junction of the Charlotte and Charleston railroads. During the 18th and 19th of February my command was engaged in the destruction of the Charleston railroad, nine miles of which was rendered completely useless, and a number of cars, a depot, bridges, tanks, &amp;c., burned, a tabular list of which you will find appended.

On the 20th, pursuant to orders from the major-general commanding corps, I moved my command, via Hopkins' plantation, Traveler's Rest, and Muddy Springs, joining the corps near Cane Creek, after an arduous march of twenty miles. At this point I was joined by my trains which were left at Dutch Fork on the 17th of February. Breaking camp at 5. 30 a. m. the 21st, I moved past Round Top, across Twenty-five Mile Creek to the Camden road, at a point three miles from Ridgeway; thence to the right, along the Camden road to its intersection with the

