
Rocky Mount road, down which I moved to Dutchman's Creek, having marched a distance of twenty-one miles. Crossing this creek on the 22nd instant, I continued my march, via Poplar Springs and the intersection of the Carlyle Court-House and Winnsborough and Rocky Mount roads, to Peay's Ferry, on the Water River. Crossing this river on pontoons on the 23rd, I moved in rear of the Second Division to Liberty Hill; thence to the right on the Camden road, to White Oak Creek. Continuing my march from this point, I moved in advance of the Second Division in the direction of Camden, crossing Saunders' Creek, at which point I detached a small force under the command of Colonel Adams, with instructions to move through Camden, driving out any force of the enemy he might encounter, and destroying all Government property, stores, and cotton in the city, after which to join me during the night either en route in bivouac. With the remainder of my division I pursued a road to the left, and passing within two miles of Camden struck the Cheraw and Camden road, upon which I moved my command to the left, crossing Big Pine Creek and going into bivouac on its right bank. Here I was joined by the detachment sent through Camden, the commanding officer of which had carried out my instructions with a celerity and promptness highly commendable, having driven the enemy's cavalry from the place, capturing a number of prisoners, and releasing a number of our own men picked up by the enemy; also destroying Government buildings, subsistence stores, mills, &amp;c., a condensed statement of which you will also find appended to this report.

Breaking camp at 10. 30 a. m. on the 25th of February, I continued forward on the Cheraw and Camden road, moving via Pine Tree Meeting-House to Lynch's Creek, where I arrived on the 26th at 10. 30 a. m., and found the low and contingent to the stream completely submerged, the water being in some places four feet deep and extending over a flat of half a mile in breadth. The bridge (Tiller's) across the main stream I found to be intact, although the road on either side was impracticable for passing trains. In order to secure the bridges and occupy the position designated by orders from corps headquarters, I succeeded in crossing my infantry and artillery, although the men were compelled to wade in water to their waists, making a lodgment on the opposite bank at 12. 30 p. m. Before the troops had fairly made this lodgment, and while in the act of returning their clothing, which had been stripped before fording the swamp and creek, the foraging details from my own command and others of the corps had encountered the enemy's cavalry and been driven in toward Tiller's Bridge, but were checked by the appearance of my infantry and the addition of a few mounted men of the Seventh Illinois Volunteers. In the promiscuous skirmishing which took place, nine of the enemy are known to have been killed, besides a number of wounded and prisoners captured. It was here that Corpl. Elijah G. Davis, Company I, Eighty-first Ohio Volunteers, distinguished himself, receiving seven wounds. The services which he rendered are more particularly mentioned in my special report of that date. The enemy's strength was variously estimated at from 500 to 2,000 men.

During the 27th and 28th of February, and until 1. 30 p. m. March 1, my command was engaged in building bridges and corduroy for the passage of my trains over Lynch's Creek. Breaking camp at the hour above mentioned (1. 30 p. m. March 1), I moved on the Cheraw and Camden road, crossing Black, Juniper, and Thompson's Creeks to Cheraw, S. C., and from thence to the left upon the Chesterfield road to Powe's plantation, two miles from the city, where I placed my command

