
in bivouac and position on the left of the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, which position I retained until the 6th instant, with the exception of one brigade assigned to provost duty in Cheraw, relieving a brigade of the Seventeenth Army Corps. Breaking camp on the 6th at 7 a. m., I moved through Cheraw in rear of the First Division, and crossing the Pedee River pursued the Fayetteville road, via Harrington's plantation and Grant's Mill, to Irby's plantation, from thence to Goodwin's Mills, on Crooked Creek, via Irby's and Easterling's Mills and the junction of the Bentonville [Bennettsville] and Cheraw roads, to Springfield, N. C., where I arrived on the 8th instant, a portion of my march being over the old Stage road. It was during this instant that the Third Brigade of my division joined me, it having been detached as escort to the pontoon trains from Cheraw.

Moving forward from this point at an early hour on the 9th instant, I made Laurel Hill via the telegraph road at 10 a. m., and thence to Johnson's plantation, where I was compelled to halt at midnight on account of the men and animals being completely exhausted, having marched over flooded and almost impassable roads during a violent rain-storm, which had continued nearly the entire day. At daybreak on the 10th instant I placed heavy details, in addition to my pioneer corps, at work on the road, and succeeded in moving my entire command across Lumber River to Parson McNeill's plantation, on the old Stage road, where I was compelled to make a halt to enable the trains of the Second Division to cross Raft Swamp. As soon as I could get possession of the road I sent three regiments and my pioneer corps into the swamp to repair bridges and roads, and during the night moved my ordnance and supply trains across the Bethel Church and started one brigade of infantry for the same point, but owing to the amount of labor to be performed it did not reach its destination until daylight. Breaking camp at 6 a. m. the 11th instant, crossed Raft Swamp, and uniting my command at Bethel Church moved in rear of the Second Division on the old Stage road, crossing Davis' and Big Rockfish Creeks, thence to the right over fair roads, via Rockfish Factory, on Little Rockfish Creek, to the vicinity of Fayetteville, N. C., arriving abreast of the Second Division, which had pursued a road parallel and to my left. Here my command was placed in position and remained until the 14th instant, when, crossing Cape Fear River, I took up a position two miles therefrom and in rear of the Seventeenth Army Corps. It was during this halt that the refuges (white and colored), some 1,100 in number, and who had marched with my column from the Wateree River and subsisted my supplies, were dropped from my command and started to Wilmington. In compliance with orders from corps headquarters I turned over for the use of these refugees such transportation as I could spare, cast off all surplus baggage, and supplied my command with five days' half rations preparatory to a movement in the direction of Goldsborough, N. C. Having assigned my supply and the greater of my ordnance trains to the corps train, with a sufficient guard, I moved forward upon the Goldsborough road to South emy was developed on its opposite bank, made up of cavalry and a few pieces of artillery posted in a strong position, and the bridge over the main channel rendered impassable by the removal of the planking. Throwing forward a line of skirmishers to engage the enemy, I succeeded in moving a force to the left and commenced crossing, the men being compelled to ford the swamps, a distance of 200 yards, but passing the channel of the river on boats floated down and made fast for that purpose. Before this

