
movement could be completed and the enemy assaulted, as was my intention, night had set in, the intense darkness of which, accompanied by torrents of rain, compelling the men to grope their way with great caution through the boggy swamp (covered with three feet of water) and making it nearly midnight before a lodgment was made on the opposite bank, when it was ascertained that the enemy had not waited to receive us, but had taken advantage of the darkness to fall back in the direction of the Little Cohera Creek.

My thanks are due to the officers and men of the Seventh Iowa Volunteers for the energy they displayed in crossing this river and overcoming the serious obstacles with which they had to contend.

Upon receipt of the information of the flight of the enemy details were at once made to repair the bridge, which labor was complete at 7. 30 a. m. on the 16th instant, at which hour I crossed my division, and continuing on the same road a distance of six miles, thence to the left to the Fayetteville and Bentonville road, which I pursued to the right, crossing both Little and Big Cohera Creeks, and arriving at Newton Grove on the 18th instant, taking up a position covering the several roads which form a junction at this place. From this point I moved my command, in rear of the First Division of this corps, on the direct Goldsborough road, crossing Falling Creek to its intersection with the Bentonville road, which I pursued to the vicinit where I arrived on the 20th instant, taking up a position on the right of General Woods with two brigades in line and on in reserve, with a strong line of skirmishers thrown forward to occupy the right bank of the creek and swamp, confronting those of the enemy on the opposite bank. This position was intrenched during the day and made secure against assault. During the 21st instant new and advanced works were constructed and occupied, with the right thrown forward at an angle of 35 degrees. With the exception of desultory firing by skirmishers no very active operations had taken place along my front up to 2. 30 p. m. of this instant, at which hour, re-enforcing my skirmishes, ordered an advance upon the rifle pits of the enemy, held by a strong line of skirmishers, driving them from and taking possession of their works, but failed to hold them owing to a flank fire received from the left, the brigade holding General Woods' right failing to support the movement, and the close proximity of the enemy's pits to their main works on the right of my line, which exposed the men to a murderous fire. I, however, maintained an advanced position, within easy musket-range of their main works, and successfully repelled every attempt the enemy made to dislodge this line. Callahan's battery, on the right of my line, was subjected to a warm fire whenever the enemy advanced, but both officers and men behaved with great coolness, and used their guns against the enemy with fine execution. A brisk skirmish fire was continued until long after dark. The loss to my division during the day was something over forty killed and wounded. The reported loss of the enemy on my division front and that of General Woods was 500 men, including prisoners. During the night of this instant the enemy evacuated his works, falling back across Hannah's Creek, and at 3 a. m. on the 22nd instant my skirmishers took possession of the deserted works, pushing forward to the bridge over Hannah's Creek, four miles distant, at which point the pursuit was stopped by orders from headquarters of the corps and the men withdrawn to the rebel works. One brigade and the pioneer corps of this division were during the day placed at work upon the roads, repairing them for the movement of the corps, which labor was throughly performed.

