
Pursuant to orders received from corps headquarters I broke camp at 6. 30 a. m. the 23rd instant, and, commencing a retrograde movement, marched to the right to the Goldsborough and Smithfield road, thence to the left upon this road, crossing Falling Creek, where the command was placed in bivouac. On the 24th instant the movement was continued across Neuse River, through the city of Goldsborough, N. C., two miles to the east thereof, taking up a position on the Atlantic and North Carolina Railroad, which position is at this date throughly fortified.

Before closing this report I desire to bear witness to the universal good conduct of the officers and soldiers of this division during the campaign just closed. During the a long and arduous march of about 500 miles, occupying fifty-five days, a portion of this time on one-third and one-fourth rations, marching over heavy roads, building bridges, and laying corduroy, and laboring in water during the most inclement and coldest season of the year, without a murmur or complaint from any.

To the several members of my staff I extend my warmest thanks for their cordial aid throughout the campaign. It matters little whether in the swamp or on the battlefield, contending with the elements or an enemy, they manifested such zeal, energy, and willingness of spirit in each capacity, by night or by day, that I am happy to commend them to the especial notice of the general commanding as worthy of his highest praise. Captain L. H. Everts, assistant adjutant-general, in addition to the arduous duties of his office, rendered services so valuable as to induce me to recommend him to your favorable consideration for promotion in his department.

Permit me to respectfully call your attention to the tabular list or statement hereto appended,* and which embraces as fair an estimate as can possibly be procured.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN. M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel MAX WOODHULL, A. A. G., Fifteenth Army Corps.

No. 33. Report of Brigadier General Elliott W. Rice, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations January 28 - March 24.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FOURTH DIVIS., 15TH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, near Goldsborough, N. C., March 31, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and operations of my brigade during the campaign from Savannah to this place;

In compliance with orders I moved my command from Savannah, in connection with the division, on the 28th of January, on the Louisville pike toward Sister's Ferry, passing through Springfield and reaching the ferry on the 30th. In consequence of the country being inundated and it being necessary to construct new roads, the command remained in camp until February 4, when, the roads being completed, we crossed the Savannah River and passed through Robertsville; crossed Big Salkehatchie River at Rivers' Bridge, Little Salkehatchie at Oatman's Bridge, South Edisto at Binnaker's Bridge, and North Edisto River on the 13th. On the 16th crossed Big Congaree Creek and reached the vicinity of Columbia, S. C. In compliance with instructions I formed

---------------

*Embodied in consolidated statement, pp. 239,240.

---------------

