
my brigade 100 yards from the bank of Congaree River, directly opposite and in full view of the city. The enemy opened a section of artillery on my line, which was promptly silenced by Battery H, First Missouri Light Artillery. A line of skirmishers which I threw forward to the bank of the river prevented any further demonstration being made by the enemy. Moved across Saluda River at Saluda Factory on the night of February 16, crossed Broad River on the 17th, and passed through the city of Columbia and encamped about one mile southeast of it. On the 18th and 19th destroyed three miles of track on the Columbia Branch of the South Carolina Railroad. Moved with the division toward Poplar Springs, crossed Wateree River at Peay's Ferry, passed through Kirkwood, and moved in the direction of Lynch's Creek at Tiller's Bridge. The crossing of Lynch's Creek was effected with much difficulty, the water being from knee to waist deep, and covering the road for the three-quarters of a mile. After having crossed I encountered the enemy (Wade Hampton's cavalry), who appeared in force and made two charges on my line, but a strong skirmish line was sufficient to check and repel the charges and capture a number of prisoners and horses.

It being necessary to construct a wagon bridge over the creek before the train could cross we remained in camp until March 1. Moved on the Cheraw road; crossed Black and Thompson's Creeks and entered Cheraw on the 4th. Crossed Great Pedee River at Cheraw on the 6th, and moved in the direction of Fayetteville. Passed through Brightsville, Springfield, and Laurel Hill, and crossed Shoe Heel Creek, Raft Swamp, and Lumber River, and reached the vicinity of Fayetteville March 12. Crossed Cape Fear River on the 14th and moved toward Goldsborough. Reached Black or South River on the 15th. The enemy (Butler's cavalry) having possession of the opposite side of the river, I ordered the Seventh Iowa Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Parrott commanding, to proceed three-quarters of a mile above and effect a crossing if possible. At the same time I sent three companies from Sixty-sixth Indiana Infantry half a mile down the river and deployed skirmishers in front for the purpose of making a demonstration. At about 7 o'clock in the evening Colonel parrott succeeded in effecting a crossing being forced to wade a swamp 600 yards wide, where the water was from waist to shoulder deep, and ascertained that the enemy had retired. Moved forward on the 16th, crossing Little and Big Cohera Swamps. Crossed Falling Creek on the night of the 19th. Moved iva Cox's Cross-Roads on the 20th of Mill Creek, where the enemy was intrenched. I occupied a position assigned me in support of the Second and Third Brigades. On the 21st the enemy's skirmishers were driven in and our line pushed farther to the front. The enemy kept up a sharp fire on the skirmish line during the night and left our front in the morning. Resumed our march to Goldsborough on the 23rd; passed through the town on the 24th, and went into camp about one mile east of it, near the railroad.

The following casualties have occurred during the campaign: 1 man killed, 3 men, wounded, 20 men captured by the enemy, 3 men died from disease.

It is estimated that my command has marched 470 miles since leaving Savannah, and has passed over thirty-eight miles of corduroy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. RICE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain L. H. EVERTS, A. A. G., Fourth Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

