
No. 34. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jerome D. Davis, Fifty-second Illinois Infantry, of operations January 28 - March 24.

HDQRS. FIFTY-SECOND ILLINOIS VETERAN INFTY. VOLS., Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 27, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and operations of this regiment during the campaign from Savannah to this place, in obedience to General Orders, No. 8, dated headquarters First Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, Goldsborough, N. C., March 27, 1865:

The regiment left camp at Savannah, Ga., on the morning of January 28, and marched eighteen miles on the Louisville pike and encamped for the night. January 29, the regiment marched nine miles nearly parallel with the Charleston and Savannah Railroad, and encamped for the night. January 30, the regiment marched fourteen miles and encamped near Sister's Ferry. January 31, the regiment rested in camp.

February 1, the regiment was exercised two hours in the movements of the battalion by its commanding officer. February 2, the regiment, in connection with the other regiments of the brigade, was reviewed at 2 p. m. by Bvt. Major General J. M. Corse, after which the regiment, with the other regiments of the brigade, was exercised in the evolutions of the brigade by the same officer. February 3, the regiment remained in camp. February 4, the regiment left camp at 4 p. m. ; moved across the Savannah River and encamped for the night two miles from the ferry. February 5, Company B, of this regiment, Captain D. C. Smith commanding, was detailed for forage duty. The regiment marched at 7 a. m., slowly, four miles, repairing the road through a swamp, and encamped for the night near Robertsville, S. C. February 6, the regiment marched twelve miles and encamped for the night. February 7, the regiment marched seven miles, slowly repairing the road, and encamped for the night at Hickory Hill. February 8, the regiment marched twelve miles and encamped for the night. February 9, the regiment marched six miles, crossed the Salkehatchie River, and encamped for the night. February 10, the regiment marched twenty-two miles in a northeast direction and encamped for the night. February 11, the regiment marched seventeen miles in a northeast direction and encamped for the night. February 12, the regiment marched six miles and encamped for the night. February 13, the regiment marched eighteen miles and encamped for the night. February 14, the regiment marched six miles and encamped on the Baker plantation. February 15, the regiment marched five miles and encamped near Congaree Creek. February 16, the regiment marched at 12 m., crossed Congaree Creek, marching in sight of the city of Columbia, S. C., by a circuitous route four miles, and about 1 p. m. it took a position in line of battle in the left center of the brigade, a few hundred yards from the right bank of the Congaree. About 2. 30 p. m. the regiment was moved to the rear 100 yards, and rested until 5 p. m., when it moved to the pontoon bridge across Broad River about two miles above the city, which, after some necessary delay by the train, was passed, and the regiment bivouacked for the night two miles distant at 10 p. m. February 17, the regiment marched at 1 p. m. through Columbia and encamped for the night two miles southeast of the city. February 18, the regiment marched parallel with the South Carolina Railroad seven miles toward Kingsville, burned and destroyed half a mile of railroad,

