
marched back three miles toward Columbia and encamped for the night. February 19, the regiment marched eight miles toward Kingsville, burned one-quarter of a mile of railroad, marched two miles north and encamped for the night. February 20, the regiment marched twenty miles, reaching the Columbia and Camden road and encamped. February 21, the regiment marched eighteen miles nearly north and encamped for the night. February 22, the regiment marched eight miles and was assigned an advanced position to guard a bridge and crossing over Wateree Creek, two miles to the left of the Peay's Ferry road and four miles distant from said ferry. It having been reported to me by scouts that two soldiers were lying dead across the creek, and about two miles distant, I sent out a detail of men who found and buried them, and a description of said two men and a paper found upon the person of one are herewith inclosed, with the hope that it may lead to their identification. February 23, the regiment rejoined the brigade at Peay's Ferry, crossed the river and encamped about ten miles north of the ferry. First Lieutenant M. Canon, with a portion of Captain Smith's Company (B) having been relieved from forage duty, rejoined the regiment during the day. February 24, the regiment marched eighteen miles and encamped near Camden, S. C. February 25, the regiment marched eight miles nearly east and encamped at 2 p. m. At 7 p. m. the regiment was ordered to report to Lieutenant Colonel H. Van Sellar, Twelfth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry and together with the Seventh and Twelfth Regiments Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry moved to cross-roads about three miles to the left and rear of the former camp, where it encamped for the night. February 26, the regiment marched eight miles, waded Lynch's Creek, took a position on the left of the brigade upon the bluff near the creek, and built breast-works in its front.

The regiment now remained in camp until the morning of March 2, when it marched nearly northeast eight miles and encamped for the night. March 3, the regiment moved in the same direction fourteen miles and encamped for the night four miles from Cheraw, S. C. March 4, the regiment marched through Cheraw and encamped two miles north of the city. March 5, the regiment remained in camp. March 6, the regiment marched back through Cheraw, crossed the great Pedee River and encamped for the night about six miles east of the bridge. March 7, the regiment marched ten miles and encamped three miles south of the State line. March 8, the regiment marched eight miles and encamped in North Carolina. March 9, the regiment marched ten miles northeast and encamped for the night. March 10, the regiment marched six miles and encamped at 3 p. m. until 8 p. m., when it marched slowly in rear of the train three miles and bivouacked at 3 a. m. March 11, the regiment marched at sunrise seventeen miles and encamped for the night. March 12, the regiment marched nineteen miles and encamped two miles from Fayetteville, N. C. March 13, the regiment rested in camp. Captain D. C. Smith with the detachment of Company B, which was on forage duty, reported to the regiment for duty, having been relieved. March 14, the regiment moved across Cape Fear River and encamped two miles from the bridge, after which it repaired the road back to the river. March 15, the regiment marched twelve miles and encamped near the South Fork of Black Rive at 3 p. m. At 7 p. m. the regiment moved down to the river and followed the Sixty-sixth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry which waded the river to support the Seventh Iowa Infantry Volunteers. While the regiment was crossing the movement was arrested and the regiment

