
ordered back to camp for the night. March 16, the regiment marched ten miles and encamped for the night. March 17, the regiment marched five miles and encamped for the night. March 18, the regiment marched twelve miles and encamped for the night. March 19, the regiment marched very slowly eight miles, crossed Mill Creek and was assigned an advance position half a mile to the left on a road leading to Bentonville, where it arrived at 10 p. m. Relieved the Sixty-third Illinois Infantry, and built a protection of earth-works. March 20, the regiment marched at 7 a. m. fifteen miles and took a position at 12 m. in the right center of the brigade and constructed works. The regiment in conjunction with the rest of the brigade moved forward about 200 yards at sunset into the next line of works, which were strengthened during the night. March 21, the regiment with the rest of the brigade moved into the next line of works, distant about 300 yards, at 2 p. m. and encamped for the night. March 22, the regiment rested in camp. March 23, the regiment marched twelve miles toward Goldsborough and encamped for the night. March 24, the regiment marched ten miles, crossed the Neuse River, passed through Goldsborough and encamped two miles east of town.

The following is the list of the casualties which occurred in the regiment during the campaign: Private John W. Ramsdeh, Company G, and George Goode, Company A, deserted January 28, 1865; supposed to have gone back to Savannah. Private Andrew S. Abbott, Company G, deserted February 1, 1865; supposed to have gone back to Savannah. Sergt. Henry Harman, Company A, wounded in left thigh before Columbia, S. C., February 16, 1865. Private James Coffee, Company B, captured by the enemy near Florence, S. C., during the retreat of our cavalry from that place March 6, 1865. Private Charles M. Stanley, Company C, and John Igow and C. A. Stoughton, Company B, missing since March 16, 1865; supposed to have been captured.

Three miles of corduroy road is ventured as an estimate of the amount built by this regiment during the campaign.

Four hundred and fifty miles is ventured as an estimate of the distance marched by the regiment during this campaign.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. DAVIS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifty-second Illinois Infantry Vols.

Lieutenant C. H. TROTT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 4th Div., 15th Army Corps.

No. 35. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Roger Martin, Sixty-sixth Indiana Infantry, of operations January 28 - March 24.

HDQRS. SIXTY-SIXTH INDIANA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS, Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with General Orders, No. 8, headquarters First Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, dated Goldsborough, N. C., March 27, 1865, I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and operations of this regiment during the campaign from Savannah, Ga., to this place:

January 28, this regiment (Companies A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, and K) marched with the brigade and division from Savannah, Ga., at 7

