
a. m. on the Louisville pike and encamped twenty miles north of the city. January 29, moved at 7 a. m., this regiment being the rear guard; marched about ten miles through a barren, swampy country, and encamped after nightfall three miles from Springfield. January 30, this day the regiment was in advance of this division and reached Sister's Ferry about 5 p. m.

January 31, February 1,2, and 3, remained in camp, nothing of interest occurring. February 4, crossed the Savannah River into South Carolina and encamped ten miles beyond. February 5, at 1 p. m. marched through a large swamp, the entire distance (about five miles) being corduroyed. Encamped near Robertsville. February 6, moved at 7 a. m., passing through Robertsville. Rain fell during the day. February 7, moved at 7 a. m. ; roads very bad by reason of the rain which fell in great quantities during the night. Crossed the headquarters of the Combahee River. February 8 and 9, marched each day, nothing occurring worthy of notice. February 10, this regiment, in advance of the division, passed through Buford's Bridge and encamped, having marched about twenty miles the day. February 11, crossed the Charleston and August Railroad near Grahamville, also the South Edisto River and camped three miles beyond, marching fourteen miles. February 12, marched at 6 a. m. and encamped near the North Edisto River. February 13, crossed North Edisto River at 5 a. m. andarch on the Columbia road, encamping for the night twenty-three miles form the city. February 14 and 15, moved in the direction of Columbia, passing Sandy Run Post-Office. February 16, crossed the Saluda River and encamped for the night on the peninsula formed by the Saluda and Broad Rivers. February 17, moved at noon and crossed Broad River three miles above Columbia; marched through it and encamped near and east of the city. February 18 and 19, the regiment was engaged in destroying the track on the road leading to Charleston. February 20, marched at 7 a. m., passing through a sandy, barren plain. This was a very severe march on account of the scarcity of water. February 21, marched early, passing Round Top, and encamped on Harrison's plantation. February 22, marched at 10 a. m. ; roads good; country very hilly; encamped near the Wateree River. February 23, crossed the Wateree River; passed through the village of Liberty Hill and camped on the Camden road, having marched thirteen miles. February 24, moved at 9 a. m. ; rained very hard during the day; roads bad. Crossed Flat Rock Creek; passed through Kirkwood near Camden, and encamped three miles beyond. February 25, marched at 10 a. m. and encamped six miles from Lynch's Creek. February 26, marched at 7 a. m. ; crossed Lynch's Creek about noon, the men-wading; some skirmishing in front. Companies A and K, of this regiment, were ordered on the skirmish line, but were not engaged. Having been assigned position, the men of the regiment built a line of works equal to the front of the regiment. February 27 and 28, remained in camp in the earth-works, during this time awaiting the crossing of the trains across the creek.

March 1, marched at 3 p. m. on the Cheraw road, this regiment in rear of the division; encamped on Black Creek. March 2 and 3, marched on the Cheraw road; crossed Black Creek and encamped at Thompson's Creek. March 4, crossed Thompson's Creek and entered Cheraw and encamped two miles north of town. The regiment remained in camp the following day. March 6, this regiment, in rear of the division this day, crossed the Great Pedee River at 1. 30 p. m. and camped for the night five miles beyond. March 7, marched in

