
advance of the division at 7 a. m. ; roads were in excellent condition and the country much more productive than any through which we have marched. Bivouacked for the night at Goodwin's Mills. March 8, marched on the Fayetteville road; entered the State of North Carolina at 2. 45 p. m. ; encamped at Springfield Post-Office for the night. March 9, left camp at 6 a. m. ; passed through Laurel Hill. The march this day was undoubtedly the most disagreeable of the campaign, the roads being almost impassable on account of the rain, which fell in torrents for hours. March 10, crossed Lumber River; marched three miles beyond, where this regiment was ordered to build corduroy and a bridge across a stream in a swamp. March 11, moved at 9 a. m., this regiment in advance of the division. The roads were in bad condition a great portion of the distance traveled. March 12, marched on the Fayetteville road; passed through Rockfish village and encamped near Fayetteville. Remained in camp the following day. March 14, moved at daylight; crossed Cape Fear River and encamped on the Wilmington road. March 15, marched on the Goldsborough road and reached Black River late in the afternoon and encamped for the night. The enemy threw one shell into our camp. March 16, at daylight this regiment waded the river and relieved the Seventh Iowa Infantry, which was picketing the road on the opposite bank, having crossed the night before. March 17, continued the march in the direction of Goldsborough, nothing of interest occurring. March 20,21, and 22, this regiment was not engaged in the fighting that occurred during this time, being in reserve and occupying works built by the Eighty-first Ohio Infantry. March 23, the enemy having retreated, this regiment with the army took up the line of march for Goldsborough, and on the 24th arrived at its present camp without the loss of an officer or enlisted man killed, wounded, or captured by the enemy.

This regiment built probably one mile of corduroy road at different times and places.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROGER MARTIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant C. H. TROTT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 4th Div., 15th Army Corps.

No. 36. Report of Colonel Noel B. Howard, Second Iowa Infantry, of operations January 28 - March 24.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND IOWA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS, Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with orders I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command during the campaign just closed:

The regiment left Savannah with the brigade to which it belongs on the 28th day of January, 1865. During the march to Columbia, S. C., nothing worthy of note occurred. Daily marches, interspersed with making corduroy roads and passing difficult swamps, occupied the time till the 16th of February. On this day, while the army was passing up the river in front of Columbia, the regiment, as a part of the brigade went into position on the banks of the river below the city. The

