
enemy soon advanced a line of skirmishers from the opposite side, to gain the river-bank. Company G, First Lieutenant J. A. De Muth commanding, was deployed in double-quick time and succeeded in reaching the river before the enemy's skirmishers could do so; and, together with a company from each of the other regiments in the brigade and the battery, succeeded in preventing the enemy's line from gaining the river at all until our line was withdrawn. From this time, in passing through Columbia, destroying the railroad below that town, and until the 26th of February, nothing of interest occurred with which the regiment was specially connected.

On the 26th the regiment was the advance regiment of the division, and reached Lynch's Creek at about 10 a. m. The creek was swollen and it was necessary to wade it. This was done by the men, many of them stripping for the occasion, and the creek passed, the water being waist-deep for about three-quarters of a mile. Company G was the advance guard of the division, and crossed a short time before the regiment. Just as the advance of the regiment had reached the other side, the enemy's cavalry made a dash upon the mounted men who had preceded. Company G deployed as skirmishers, the men not having time to pout on their clothing, and the enemy was checked. The first few men who had reached the bank, twelve or fifteen in number, were sent forward, under Captain Heaton, of Company E, to the assistance of Company G, and the regiment was reformed as soon as the circumstances would admit, and advanced in line up the road, Company H being sent forward on a road leading to the left to meet a flank movement should it be attempted. The remaining regiments of the brigade and a section of Battery H soon came over, and the enemy after some more skirmishing retired.

From this time until the 20th of March nothing but the usual incidents of the march occurred. On that day and the subsequent one, in the operations against the enemy near Bentonville, the regiment did not become engaged, being in reserve.

During the campaign the regiment constructed about one mile and a quarter of corduroy road.

The distance traveled from Savannah to this place is about 470 miles.

The following is the list of casualties: Enlisted men - killed, Company A, 1; died of disease, 3; wounded, 1; captured, 16.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully,

N. B. HOWARD,

Colonel Second Iowa Infantry Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant C. H. TROTT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 4th Div., 15th Army Corps.

No. 37. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James C. Parrott, Seventh Iowa Infantry, of operations January 28 - March 24.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH IOWA VETERAN VOLUNTEERS, Goldsborough, N. C., March 27, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with General Orders, No. 8, headquarters First Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, March 27,

