
1865, I respectfully submit the following report of the movements and operations of the Seventh Iowa Veteran Volunteers during the campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C.:

The regiment left Savannah on the 28th day of January, 1865, at 7 a. m., moved on the Louisville pike, and camped near Station No. 2, Georgia Central Railroad; distance marched, eighteen miles. January 29, moved from camp at 6 a. m. ; moved slowly on account of bad roads, which were almost impassable; marched ten miles and went into camp on east side of Little Ebenezer Creek, near Springfield. January 30, moved from camp at 6 a. m., the regiment being detailed for duty as pioneers; dis considerable work; crossed the Big and Little Ebenezer Creeks and camped near Sister's Ferry at 3 p. m. ; distance, eleven miles. Remained in camp till February 4, 1865, when the regiment crossed the Savannah River on pontoons and camped about two miles from the crossing; distance marched, four miles. February 5, remained in camp until sundown, then crossed the Black Swamp, and camped at 10 p. m. near Robertsville, S. C. ; distance marched, four miles. February 6, moved from camp at 7 a. m., passing through Robertsville; camped at dark, making fourteen miles; rained all day. February 7, the regiment was ordered and moved before daylight to Coosawhatchie Swamp, and were all day engaged in building bridges and corduroying roads. The men were in the water most of the day in collecting the plank, &amp;c., thrown from the bridges by the rebels; rained hard all day; went into camp at 4 p. m. at Hickory Hill; distance marched, seven miles. February 8, moved from camp at 10. 30; marched slowly over bad roads; campeamp at 8 p. m. ; distance marched, eight miles. February 9, moved from camp at 6 a. m., crossed the Whippy Swamp, men having to wade; weather very clod and inclement and snowed during the day; crossed the Big Salkehatchie; camped at dark, having marched seven miles. February 10, left camp at 5. 30 a. m., passed Buford's Bridge, and crossed the Little Salkehatchie at 12 m. ; camped at Lee's Cross-Roads at 4 p. m. ; distance, twenty-two miles. February 11, left camp at 8 a. m., crossed the Charleston and August Railroad, and crossed the South Edisto River at 2 p. m. ; camped at 4 p. m. ; distance marched, fifteen miles. February 12, left camp at 6 a. m., marched ten miles, and camped at 1 p. m. February 13, left camp at 5 a. m., crossed the North Edisto, passed through extensive turpentine orchards, and camped at 3. 30 p. m. on Beaver Creek Hills; distance marched, twenty miles. February 14, left camp at 7. 30 a. m., crossing Little and Big Beaver Creeks, passed through Lundy's Lane, crossed Sandy run, and camped at 1 p. m. ; distance marched, seven miles. February 15, left camp 7. 30 a. m., crossed the Little Congaree, and camped on the Big Congaree; marched ten miles. February 16, left camp at 9 a. m., crossed the Big Congaree, and advanced toward Columbia. My regiment being in advance, was ordered into line facing the enemy; were then ordered to move to the right and rear and stack arms to give room for Battery H, First Missouri Artillery, to get into position. Company B (Captain Folsom) was detailed, with instructions to gain position on the Congaree River, which it did, and skirmished with the enemy for some time. Moved from this position at 5 p. m., crossed the Saluda River on pontoons, and camped at 10 p. m. ; distance marched, seven miles. February 17, left camp at 12 m., crossed Broad River on pontoons, marched through the city of Columbia, and camped at Charlotte Junction at dark; distance marched, five miles. February 18, left camp at 8 a. m. ; proceeded down South Carolina Railroad and commenced its

