
destruction, our brigade tearing up and totally destroying two miles of said road same day; camped in vicinity of Hampton's Bridge for the night, having marched twelve miles. February 19, left camp at 7 a.m., the brigade destroying one mile more of the South Carolina Railroad; camped for the night on General Hopkins' plantation. distance tor country; marched sixteen miles and camped for the night. February 21, left camp at 7. 30 a.m., marched twenty- two miles, and camped near Poplar Springs. February 22, left camp at 7 a. m, crossed the Wateree River at Peay's FERRY, passed through Liberty Hill at 1 p.m., and camped at 8 p.m. ; marched twelve miles; the night very rainy and disagreeable. February 24, left camp at 7. 30 a.m., marching on the Camden road; passed through Kirkwood about one mile and a half from Camden at 8 p. m., having marched twenty- one miles. Our men skirmished over the old battle- ground of General Gates, near Camden. February 25, left camp at 9 a.m. The Second Division having the road, General Corse took a side track and opened a road for his division, and got into camp before the Second Division. marched ten miles and went into camp at 2 p.m. February 26, left camp at 6 a.m. ; marched to Lynch's Creek. The bottoms were covered with water for a space of three- quarters of a mile, and did so by wading, and did it cheerfully and without a murmur. On reaching the opposite shore the enemy was found in considerable force. My regiment was thrown to the front, where for several hours it had sharp skirmishing. In the afternoon the regiment was ordered into position on a ridge commanding the Cheraw and Darlington roads, where it threw up rail barricades and remained in same position for three days, being in advance of the balance of the brigade about half a mile. During the skirmish this day my regiment came out unscathed; the enemy suffered considerably. Two of their wounded picked up in front of my line were brought in; both being mortally wounded, died same night. I ordered my drum corps to the front to hunt for dead and wounded, but none were found; but from indications several had been killed in front of my line.

March 1, left camp at 3. 30 p.m., marched over heavy roads eight miles, and camped at 11 p.m. at Black Creek bridge. March 2, left camp 4 p.m. ; crossed Black Creek bridge; about one mile from there halted and stacked arms, waiting for the rear of the train to pass; arrived at camp at 10 p.m. ; distance, six miles. March 3, left camp at 7 a.m. marched eleven miles, and camped at the abandoned rebel works on Thompson's Creek. March 4, left cam p at 10 a.m. marched through Cheraw, and camped at Blue's plantation. Remained in camp until Monday, March 6. March 6, left camp at 8 a.m., marched through Cheraw, crossed the Great Pedee on pontoons, and camped at 3 p.m. on Phill's Creek. March 7, left camp at 7 a.m., marched at 8 a. m., crossed Gum Swamp and camped at Springfield, N. C., at 7 p.m. ; this day crossed the last ditch in South Carolina. March 9, left camp at 7 a.m. crossing Shoe Heel Creek the bridge broke down; the Seventh Iowa, with the assistance of a company of pioneers, rebuilt the bridge; the train then crossed and camped 12 midnight. March 10, left camp at 5 a.m. ; crossed Lumber River at 10 a.m., went into camp at 1 ut of camp at 8 p.m. to proceed to

