
Bethel Church. Did not proceed far before we came in contact with train in swamp. At 3 a.m. March 11 bivouacked in an open field till 6 a.m. without shelter or blankets; moved at 6 and succeeded in crossing swamp and finding Bethel Church; marched over heavy roads and camped at 8 p.m. March 12, left camp at 7 a.m. ; crossed Big and Little Rockfish Creeks; camped at 2 p.m. near Fayetteville; distance, at 7 a.m. ; crossed Cape Fear River half a mile below Fayetteville on pontoons; went into camp abut 2 p.m. March 15, left camp at 7 a.m. ; regiment ordered to the front with prisoners; camped near Black River at 2 p.m. ; at 4 p.m. was ordered to cross the River and swamp about three-quarters of a mile above the bridge for the purpose of attacking and driving away the enemy. The regiment moved promptly at sundown; pontoons were thrown across the main channel, on which I crossed the regiment, and waded the swamp, which was abut 500 or 600 yards wide, without road or landmark, being a dense forest, and the water from waist to shoulder deep. I effected a crossing in about half an hour, and after gaining dry land allowed my men a breathing spell; then moved parallel with the River; at 9. 30 p.m. struck the main road and the rebel works, but the enemy had retired. I bivouacked my men without blankets, sheller, or rations, and remained the balance of the night. And I am proud to say in connection with the above, although my men were drenching wet, hungry, and cold,, I heard no word of complaint; and during the night I often thought that such men were never made to be whipped or conquered. March 16, left camp at 10 a m., marched over bad roads ten miles, and camped at Cave Church. March 17, left camp at 7 a.m., marched abut five miles, camped, and threw up earth- works; had an inspection and fund arms in good order and a ful amount of ammunition. March 18, left camp at 9 a.m., crossed the Great and Little Cohera Creeks, camped at 4. 30 p.m. ; distance ten miles. Mach 19, marched at 7 a.m. ; were detained at- Creek on account of bridge being gone; bivouacked in vicinity of bridge until 3. 30 a.m., March 20, when we crossed the bridge, making abut ten miles. On the morning of the 20th joined our corps, and in the afternoon went into camp about there miles from Bentonville. March 21, remained in camp until 2 p.m. when the regiment was moved forward to the second line of works, a portion of the division being in front skirmishing, where it lay until the 23rd, when we moved on the road to Goldsborough and camped on the afternoon of the 23rd on Falling Water Creek. March 24, left camp at 8 a.m. for Goldsborough, crossed the Neuse River at railroad bridge on pontoons, and passed through Goldsborough in the afternoon and camped same day on the New Berne and Raleigh railroad, where the regiment now lies encamped, enjoying rest and repose.

My men suffered considerably for want of shoes on the campaign, some seventy- five being barefoot, but they all did their duty like true soldiers, and I am proud to say for my gallant regiment that both officers and men did their duty nobly, and there was scarcely a murmur on the whole march.

My casualties during the march were 1 man captured, H. Warner, of Company I, who was detached from the regiment as orderly to Fourth division headquarters, and 2 men wounded, private John C. Palmer, Company B, accidentally shout at the crossing of Black River, and Chief Musician John T. McConahay, wounded in the thigh on the 21st March, near Bentonville. Both of the wounded men are doing well. The regiment captured 7 prisoners of war.

