
The regiment since leaving Savannah, Ga., has marched 480 miles, and has passed over thirty- eight and five- eighths miles corduroy road by actually measurement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PARROTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant C. H. TROTT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 4th Div., 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 38.

Report of Colonel Robert N. Adams, Eighty- first Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations January 28- March 24.

Hdqrs. SECOND Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,

Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command since leaving Savannah, Ga., up to March 24, the date our occupation of Goldsborough, N. C. ;

Although we have completed successfully a long an arduous campaign, yet to make an extended or elaborate report of it, or to enter into the details of operations of each regiment and brigade, would necessitate almost a repetition of the same thing for each day we marched, owing to the fact that we were hindered but little by the enemy, and consequently our operations consisted chiefly in marching, constructing bridges, and making corduroy roads.

On the morning of the 28th of January the bridge broke camp at Savannah, Ga., having previously been refitted as thoroughly as possible for the campaign, and marched with the division to Sister's Ferry, a distance of forty miles, arriving there January 30; here the brigade remained in camp four days, during which time it was reviewed by Bvt. Major General J. M. / Corse. February 4, the brigade, with the division, crossed the Savannah River; marched there miles and encamped. Nothing of importance occurred during the march from SISTER's Ferry to Columbia, S. C., much of the way, however, over which we passed compelled to corduroy fully one- third of the distance marched. 17th, the brigade with the division, entered Columbia, S. C., and camped near the city. On the 18th and 19th the brigade, with the division, was engaged in destroying the Charleston and Columbia Railroad. During the two days the brigade effectually destroyed three miles of track. on the 20th the brigade again took up the line of march in direction of Winnsborough. On the 23rd crossed the Wateree River and encamped near Flat Rock Cross- Roads. on the 24th, after having marched ten miles on Young's Point road, the mounted foragers of the Second and Fourth Division encountered some of the enemy's cavalry five miles from Camden. Her, by direction of the general commanding division, I left the main column with a portion of my command (the Twelfth Illinois Infantry Volunteers and four companies of the Sixty- sixth Illinois Infantry Volunteers and moved to Camden, S. C., I had a slight skirmish with the enemy on entering the place. I released fourteen of our soldiers who were prisoners, and captured six rebels who were guarding them. I destroyed, as instructed, all public property I could find in the place. The property destroyed was as follows; 2 depot buildings, the engine- house, a commissary building, which contained

23 R R- VOL XLVII, PT I

