
300 boxes soap, 200 barrels of meat, 2,000 sacks of flour and corn meal, 20 hogsheads of rice, and 300 horse- collars, also 2,000 bales of cotton, and a large flouring mill, containing several thousand bushels of wheat and corn. I rejoined the division the same evening at dark, six miles northeast of Camden. on the 26th the foragers again encountered some to he enemy's cavalry at lynch

s Creek; a sharp skirmish ensued, in which Private Ellis, Company A, Twelfth Illinois, was captured, and Corpl. E. Davis, Company I, Eighty- first Ohio Infantry, was severely wounded. The above- named creek having been swollen by recent rains we were detained there days in effecting the crossing.

March 1, marched ten miles and encamped at Black Creek. 4th, entered Cheraw, S. C., and encamped. Nothing of importance happened during the march from Cheraw, S. C., to Fayetteville, N. C. After leaving Fayetteville the movements of the command were not encumbered by the supply train, but for three days the roads wee found very heavy indeed. 16th, marched ten miles, when our foragers met a brigade of rebel cavalry, and one regiment of my command (Eighty- first Ohio Infantry) was ordered forward to dislodge them, and with a heavy skirmish line, supported by the above- named regiment, we succeeded in driving the enemy for a quarter of a mile, when it was discovered that he had taken a strong position, with his flanks protected by an almost impassable swamp, and opened on my line with one piece of artillery. A section of the First Missouri Light artillery was then ordered forward, the skirmish line strengthened and advanced, which succeeded in again driving the enemy for a quarter of a mile, when it was discovered that he had taken a strong position, with his flanks protected by an almost impassable swamp, and opened on my line with one piece of artillery. A section of the First Missouri Light Artillery was then ordered forward, the skirmish line strengthened and advanced, received orders to withdraw to the cross- roads the main column having taken the road to the left and remain there until relieved by a brigade from the Second Division, General Hazen commanding. 19th, encamped near Neuse RIVER and intrenched. 20th, moved with the division in the direction of Bentonville and threw up two lines of works, having a position in the evening in the front line o the right of the Third Brigade, with several companies on the skirmish line. On the 21st the main line was advanced some 200 yards and works thrown up. During the afternoon of the same day I was ordered to advance my skirmish line and, if possible, capture the enemy's rifle- pits. The skirmish line was strengthened and was ordered to advance, supported by the Sixty- sixth Illinois Infantry. The enemy was driven back to his main line, but, owing to the nearness of the rifle- pits to his main line, it was deemed impracticable to hold the pits, and the skirmishers fell back in good order. Brisk firing was kept up during the rest of the day, but without any result. On the morning of the 22nd it was discovered that the enemy had evacuated their works during the night and the command moved forward and occupied them. 23rd and 24th, marched to Goldsborough, and on the evening of the 24th reached our present camp.

I transmit with my report the reports of the different regimental commanders.

The miles of corduroy road made by the brigade is estimated at twelve and a half.

Casualties: Killed, 2; wounded, 17; captured (foragers),5; deserted, 1.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. N. ADAMS,

Colonel Eighty- first Ohio Infantry, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

