
Numbers 39.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Van Sellar, Twelfth Illinois Infantry, of operations January 28- March 24.
HDQRS. TWELFTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLS.,Goldsborough, N. C., March 26, 1865.

In compliance with circular from headquarters Second Brigade, I have the honor to submit the following report of the campaign history of the Twelfth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers during the last campaign, commencing January 28, 1865, and ending March 25.

The regiment, having been as thoroughly refitted as possible at Savannah, broke camp on the morning of 28th of January and marched to Sister's Ferry, a distance of forty- one miles, in three days, making 100 rods of corduroy the 29th, and going into camp on the 30th.

Remained in camp the 31st, and 1st and 2nd of February, and were reviewed on the 3rd by General Corse. On the 4th crossed Savannah River and went into camp, marching about three miles. 5th, at dusk crossed a very long corduroy and went into camp at the end of it; distance, three miles. 6th, passed through Robertsville, marching about sixteen miles. 7th, having been detailed for pioneer purposes in company with the Seventh Iowa Infantry volunteers, marched to Coosaw- Hatchie River and repaired the causeway and bridges over the River, the amount of bridge repaired being sixty rods, the stream having six different channels. The work was completed by 4 p.m. and went into camp near Hickory Hill, having marched eight miles. On the 8th marched twelve miles, corduroying 200 rods of road, camping at Whipy Swamp. 9th, marched seven miles; crossed Salkehatchie River and camped near Rivers' Bridge. 10th, marched twenty- one miles, camping near Beaufort River bridge. Crossed South Branch of the Edisto on the 11th, marching thirteen miles and making forty rods of corduroy. On the 12th marched seven miles, crossing Memphis and Charleston Railroad and North Branch Edisto River. 13th, marched nineteen miles. 14th, marched eight miles, passing through Sandy Run Post- Office. 15th, marched six miles, and on the 16th marched over a plain in front of COLUMBIA, and went into camp opposite during an artillery skirmish with a rebel battery. At 8 p.m. crossed the Saluda River, a branch of the Congaree RIVER, and camped near Broad RIVER, a branch of the Congaree, having marched eight miles. 17th, crossed Broad River and entered Columbia, camping near the city; distance marched, five miles. On the 18th marched down the Charleston and COLUMBIA Railroad twelve miles and tore up 320 rods of track, marching back six miles to camp. making eighteen miles distance marched. On the 19th again marched down the railroad, tore up Eighty rods of track, and then went into camp, marching ten miles. 20th, marched to Muddy Springs, twenty- three miles. 21st, camped near Longtown, having marched twenty- two miles. on the 22nd camped near Peay's Ferry, Wateree River, marching nine miles. 23rd, camped near Flat Rock Cross- Roads, crossing the Wateree about 12 o'clock, making fourteen miles march, On the 24th marched ten miles, when, with four companies of the sixty- sixth Illinois, the regiment was detached to make a reconnaissance through Camden. Some foragers had encountered a force ad several were captured. on arriving at Camden some mounted men were seen and fired at, but no wounded men fell into our hands. Six foragers of the Second Division were recaptured. Camped near Young's Point road, having marched about eighteen miles. 25th, camped near

