
Pine Grove Church, and at 8 o'clock, with a command of the Seventh and Fifty- second Illinois and my own regiment, marched to Pine Tree Cross- Road to guard the flank and a courier post, marching that day eleven miles. 26th, marched eight miles and camped after wading Lynch's Creek. The foragers had met rebel cavalry and had a fight with them, having tow or three men badly wounded, the regiment having one man, Ellis, Company A, captured. 27th and 28th, remained in camp waiting for the crossing of the teams, the creek being very high. March 1, at noon broke camp and marched to Black Creek, ten miles. Remained in camp on the 2nd with the brigade near headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee. 3rd, marched twenty- miles, camping on Julian Creek. 4th, marched through Cheraw and camped; distance, five miles. In camp on the 5th, and on the 6th crossed Great Pedee River; marched five miles. 7th, marched eleven miles. 8th, marched nine miles, corduroying 500 rods of road. 9th, marched ten miles, passing through Laurel Hill, N. C., over very bad roads and the rain falling heavily. 10th, marched nine miles, crossing Lumber RIVER and making sixty rods of corduroy in the night. 11th, marched about seventeen miles, crossing Big and Little Shoe Heel Creeks, camping on Rock- fish Creek. 12th, marched twelve miles, passing through Rock fish and camping near Fayetteville. 13th, remained in camp, and on the 14th crossed Cape Fear River, marching five miles. 15th, having drawn five days' rations, moved with one but brigade teams and marched ten miles. About noon the foragers met rebel valley, and the EIGHTY- first Ohio was sent forward, the Twelfth being ready to support. The enemy held their position behind a swamp until a section of artillery came up and shelled them, when they left. 17th, marched five miles, corduroying twenty rods of road, m after which the regiment was sent to hold Mingo bridge, but after going five miles found it had been destroyed, and returned to camp, having made fifteen miles' march. 18th, marched ten miles and corduroyed fifty rods of road. 19th, marched eighteen miles and camped near Neuse RIVER in line of battle, and threw up fifteen rods of parapet. On the 20th marched nine miles, following the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps skirmishing with the enemy, and threw up fifteen rods of parapet on the right of the Third Brigade. On the 21st sent out skirmishers and tried to advance the skirmish line, but the rebel skirmish pits were so near their main works that nothing could be done without much loss of life. The main line was advanced and the regiment threw up fifteen roads of parapet. That night two men were wounded on the skirmish line- corporal Gaston, COMPANY D, and Private Schuneman, Company I. On the morning of the 22nd found the rebels had left, and we moved into their works; marched tree miles and camped making thirty rods of corduroy. 23rd, marched about eleven miles, making twenty rods of corduroy, m and camped on Falling Water Creek. on the 24th marched about ten miles, passing through Goldsborough in review before General Sherman, and went into camp on the railroad two miles from town.

Thus ended our journey, after having marched a total of 495 miles, made 1,020 rods of corduroy, repaired 60 rods of bridge, tore up 400 rods of railroad track, and built 45 rods of parapet.

Casualties: Wounded, 2; captured, 1; deserted, 1; total, 4.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

HENRY VAN SELLAR,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant C. C. PLATTER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 4th Div. m, 15th Army Corps.

