
Numbers 40.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Andrew K. Campbell, Sixty- sixth Illinois Infantry, of operations January 28- March 24.

Lieutenant: In compliance with instructions contained in circular of this date from headquarters Second Brigade, Fourth DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the active military operations of ties regiment in the late campaign:

In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters the regiment moved with the other troops composing the Fourth DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps, from Savannah, Ga., on the 28th of January, and marching up the west bank of the Savannah River reached Sister's Ferry on the 30th, and On the 4th of march [February] crossed the River to the South Carolina side at that point, and moving across the country in a northwesterly Counties or districts, repairing the roads with corduroy a good part of the way, arrived on the west bank of the Congaree River, opposite Columbia, on the 16th, and moving up the River passed its junction with the Saluda and Broad Rivers, and camped between the two Rivers, having crossed the former On the morning of the 17th crossed Broad RIVER, and, the enemy having evacuated Columbia, passed through the city and camped southeast on the Charleston railroad. on the 18th moved out the road toward Charleston a distance of six miles, and tore up the track on that and the succeeding day, this regiment tearing up and burning abut one mile and a half, the last of which was sixteen miles from Columbia. On the 20th resumed our march across the country northwest, through Rockland and Fairfield Districts, and crossedthe Wateree River at Peay's Ferry on the 23rd. on the 24th, moving south-west, passed the town of Camden, four companies, in command of Captain Boud, being sent to the town in company with the Twelfth Illinois Infantry, the whole under the immediate command of Colonel Adams, to destroy certain public property. On the 26th crossed Lynch's Creek, the troops wading, and moving northeast passed through Kershaw, Chesterfield, and Marlborough districts, and the town of Cheraw, S. C.; and Ricmond, Robeson, and Cumberland Counties, N. C.; reached Fayetteville on the 12th of March, nothing of note having occurred on the route.

Crossed Cape Fear River on the 14th, and on the evening of the 15th, soon after making camp on South River, was ordered to report my regiment to Colonel Parrott, of the Seventh Iowa Infantry VOLUNTEERS, on the east bank of the River. Crossed the main stream on pontoons and waded through the swamp with my regiment some 300 yards toward the east side, when I was ordered back, the enemy, who had appeared in our front, having fled. on the 16th, after moving abut five miles from South River, the enemy again appeared in our front, and I was ordered engaged in a sharp skirmish. Moved forward, and taking up position on the left of the road, threw out three companies as skirmishers, but no enemy appearing in front fell back two miles to the cross- roads, where the brigade threw up a barricade of rails, which was occupied to protect our flank while the wagon train passed, when we were relieved by a brigade from the Second DIVISION, Fifteenth Army CORPS. On the 19th moved to within three miles of Neuse River, and, the enemy being still

