
close in our front, threw up a light breast- work, which was occupied during that night. On the 20th advanced on the enemy being in force immediately in our front, took position in line of battle with the brigade, threw up a light line of works in an open field facing a pine timber, and in the evening advanced into the wood and threw up a heavier line of works, keeping out a strong skirmish line in front. On the 21st advanced to within short rifle- range of the enemy's skirmish line and of battle drove him from his skirmish line and rifle- pits back into his main works, from which he attacked me vigorously and sent out two regiments on my right flank, and not having any support on either flank or directly in my rear I was compelled to fall back to my works, which was accomplished in good order.

My loss in the action was 1 man killed and 6 wounded, one of the latter falling into the hands of the enemy.

Officers and men with scarcely an exception acquitted themselves with the utmost gallantry and only fell back when ordered to do so, and then in good order.

Early on the morning of the 22d, the enemy having left our front, I was ordered forward, and advancing in line of battle moved over both lines of the enemy's works and threw out a line of skirmishers, which advanced still farther without discovering any enemy, the whole rebel army having crossed the River an fled. on the 23rd and 24th marched to Goldsborough, and passing through the town encamped near its suburbs. During our march through South and North Carolina a great deal of the road was found swampy and in an impassable condition, and had to be repaired by laying corduroy generally of fence rails, of which it is my opinion my regiment laid five miles in all.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. K. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, COMMANDING Regiment.

Lieutenant C. C. PLATTER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 4th Div., 15th Army CORPS.

Numbers 41.

Report of Major William C. Henry, EIGHTY- first Ohio Infantry, of operations January 28- March 24.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with instructions received from superior headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report o the operations of this regiment during the recent campaign:

The regiment broke up its camp at Savannah, Ga., on the 28th of January, 1865, and with its brigade and division took up the line of march northward, crossing the Savannah River at Sister's Ferry on the 4th of February. From this time until the occupation of Columbia, S. C., the regiment was with its brigade, nothing of interest taking place. After the occupation of Columbia the regiment was engaged two days (18th and 19th February) in tearing up the Columbia Branch of

