
the South Carolina Railroad. On the 20th of February the regiment took up the line of march in the direction of Winnsborough, S. C., crossing the Wateree River, and arrived at Cheraw, S. C., on the 4th proximo. Remained in camp the 5th, and on the 6th again took up the line of march, moving in the direction o Fayetteville, N. C., and from thence toward Goldsborough, N. C. On the 16th, the regiment being in advance, encountered the enemy posted behind a swamp, with his front covered by thickets and fallen timber. The regiment was formed in line of battle and charged, driving him from the ground. The regiment was in no other engagement until the 21st of this month, when it was moved forward from a reserve line, and threw up a line of works under the fire of the enemy. Reconnaissances next morning developed no enemy in our front, upon which we moved back, and by easy marches reached our present cap.

I estimate the number of miles of corduroy laid by this regiment during the campaign at four miles and a half.

The regiment lost during the campaign 12 enlisted men- 2 died of disease, 1 killed by the explosion at Cheraw, S. C., and 9 wounded. Before closing I must be permitted to say a word in regard to the manner in which both officers and men have cheerfully endured hard ships and privations unexampled in the history of this war.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. CLAY HENRY,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant C. C. PLATTER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 4th Div., 15th Army CORPS.

Numbers 42.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Frederick J. Hurlabut, Fifty- seventh Illinois Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations January 27- March 24.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., April 7, 1865.

CAPTAIN; In compliance with orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the late campaign from Savannah, Ga., to this place:

In accordance with orders received from Bvt. Major General John M. Corse the evening of the 26th of January, at 8 a.m. the 27th I broke camp, moved through Savannah, and took the road leading to Edenton, which for the first ten miles out ran parallel with the Georgia Central Railroad. My orders were to repair the road so that it would be suitable for the passage of the division train that was to follow the next day, together with the other brigades. Repaired the dirt road where it was proctivcble, but for most of the way made a new road by clearing the railroad of burnt ties and iron and making a road thereon. Went into camp at dark, having marched nine miles. On the 28th began work on the road again at 8 a. m . on the same route; at noon left the railroad, moving more toward the north; went into camp at 3 p m under orders from the general commanding, the rest of the division having come up; distance marched this day, ten miles. On the 29th moved out at 6. 30 a.m., taking the road leading toward Sister's Ferry; roads swampy and bad; made but ten miles, and

