
encamped at 4 p.m. Moved out in advance of the division on the 30th to repair the road, and reached Springfield, a small shire town, at 10 a.m. (Said to have been the headquarters of General Wheeler latterly.) remained here until the division came up, and then moved on the flank of the train; roads still bad, requiring constant repair; camped within there miles of Sister's Ferry, having marched ten miles. Received an informal notice that the command would remain here three days.

January 31 and February 1, remained in camp, furnishing fatigue parties to repair the road to the ferry, and on the opposite siacross a bad swamp two miles in extent. February 2, the brigade was reviewed by the general commanding, and after review was drilled for an hour or two by the same officer, February 3, remained in camp. February 4, received orders to be ready to move at a moment's notice. At 4 p.m. broke camp and moved to the ferry; crossed the River a little after dark, and went into camp on the first rise of ground beyond the swamp. February 5, moved one regiment forward at 9 a.m. to repair the road the balance of the command did not move until 4 p.m.); found the road miserable, and although we marched but five miles did not get into camp until 9 p.m. February 6, moved out at 6. 30 a.m., the Third Brigade in advance. At 8 a.m. passed a small village by the name of Robertsville, mostly destroyed by fire; at 10 o'clock came up ahead a portion of the Twentieth Army Corps in camp. From this point took another road, said to lead to Hickory Hill; found the road some better, though requiring labor every now and then. Marched this day about fifteen miles. In the afternoon it rained most of the time, and when we went into camp at dark and through the night it rained hard. February 7, still rained most of the time, and when we went into camp at dark and through the night it rained hard. February 7, m still raining; roads almost impassable; had to corduroy over a mile before the rear of the train fairly left comp; the command was engaged in repairing the roads most of the time during the day; at dark reached the Coosawhatchie, crossed, and went into camp at Hickory Hill; distance traveled, eight miles. February 8, formed the center of the division and marched on the flank of the train; corduroyed the road as usual over swampy ground; reached Whippy Swamp, or River, at dark. The rear of the command crossed over at 9 p.m. and encamped. Brigade train came up at midnight; distance marched, ten miles.

February 9, moved at 7 a.m. in advance, throwing one regiment forward to Cowpen Branch, to repair the crossing. le Salkehatchie at 12 m., and then went into camp on the ground formerly occupied by the rebel general, McDow [McLaws], who disputed the passage of the train and swamp with the Fourth Division, taking the road leading to Lane's plantation; found the road better than usual and marched eighteen miles. February 11, marched at 7 a.m. ; passed through a fine section of country; crossed the South Edisto at 3 p.m. and went into camp at 5 p.m. having marched fifteen miles. February 12, moved at 6 a.m. taking the advance. At 10 a.m. heard skirmish firing in front, and at 11 a.m., by order of the general commanding, formed in line of battle on the left of the road. The First Division came up and formed on the right of the road, the First DIVISION being in the advance and endeavoring to effect a crossing of the North Edisto. At 3 p.m. received orders to go into camp. On the 13th left camp at 8 a. m. in rear of division. After crossing the River passed some rebel earth- works, which were reported to have been occupied by 2,000 of the enemy the day before. Marched eighteen miles

