
this day through a fine country. On the 14th broke camp at 7 a.m. Found the road comparatively good, the country thickly settled and wealthy. Reached Sandy Run Post- Office at 9 a.m., and on moving a few miles farther on were ordered to form in line of battle on right- hand side of the rad, an throw up breast- works. Soon after the order to throw up breast- works was countermanded, and we were ordered to make camp for the night. During the afternoon it rained most of the time. Cannonading heard on our right; supposed to be the Seventeenth Corps; distance made this day, eight miles. February 15, broke camp at 8 a.m., bing the advance of the division, and soon came up with the First DIVISION and there halted two hours, and then again moved on. At 10 a.m. artillery firing was heard in our front, and from time to time musketry. During the afternoon it was reported that the Second DIVISION had a spirited skirmish with the enemy in our front, in which they drove the enemy back over a creek and out of a strong line of works on the opposite side, and pursued them one mile and a half beyond. This command moved up, and at dark crossed the creek and went into camp on the right- hand side of the road along the line of the enemy's earth- works. The ground was an open field of bottom land, and had been recently overflowed by a freshet, and hence was the worst camping ground it had been our fortune to occupy on the campaign. In our front, across this same open, muddy field, were The First and Second Division in line of battle and beyond them, in The edge of some timber, was posted the enemy; distance marched to- day, six miles.

February 16. The morning of the 16th the air being clear the spires and some of the larger buildings of the city of Columbia, S. C., were distinctly visible. At 10 a.m. this brigade, being the advnce of The division, moved forward to The left of The road, across fields to a commanding position on a rise of ground or Hill, to cover a road running in that direction from the city. Her we were ordered to stock arms and wait further orders. During this movement toward The left a brisk engagement took place between The advance divisions of our corps and The enemy. At 1 p.m. we were ordered forward. Passed a line o rebel fortifications not wholly complete; also several camps of The enemy. Again struck The main road, along which we moved some distance and then formed in line of battle on right of The First DIVISION, in front of The city, On The west side, nothing apparently between us and The city but The Congaree River. On our right and left both up and down The River artillery firing was heard. At 4 p.m. moved forward up The road in a westerly direction, and at 7 p. m. crossed the Saluda River, and at 10 p.m. went into camp abut midway between The Saluda and Broad Rivers; distance marched, five miles. February 17, in The morning skirmishing and occasionally artillery firing was heard between us and The city, evidently made by our forces in their efforts to effect crossing At 1 p.m. received orders to move ut with my command, having The same well supplied with ammunition and two days' rations to last four, and accompanied by no train except one ambulance to each regiment; moved toward immediately thereafter, crossed over River on pontoon bridge, and moving down tow miles passed through The city of Columbia. We went into camp about one mile east of The same; distance marched, four miles. In The early part of The evening fires broke out in The city, and at 12 m. The entire city seemed wrapped in flames. February 18, moved out at 7 a.m. in The center of The division. Marched four m South Carolina Railroad; halted, stacked arms, and commenced destroying The railroad, tearing up The rails and ties,

