
piling them up and burning them. Destroyed one mile of road, and then moved five miles forward between The First and Second Brigades and destroyed another mile of railroad. It being nearly dark we started back to our last night's camp; but after marching four miles toward Columbia were ordered into camp by the general commanding. February 19, at 7 a.m. broke camp and again marched south down The railroad. marched six miles and tore up and destroyed one mile of railroad. At 3 p.m. resumed The march, moved in a northeasterly direction some two miles, and went into camp at 5 p.m. ; distance marched, nine miles.

February 20, left camp at 7 a.m. in rear of The division. Passed over a barren, sandy tract of country, almost destitute of water, The troops suffering much forth want thereof. At 2 p.m. struck the Third DIVISION, which had moved ut from Columbia on the direct road from Columbia to Camden, and from thence on took a road cut by The pioneer corps our division parallel with The Camden road, and went into camp as early as The remainder of the Corps, notwithstanding our detour and work upon The railroad; distance marched, twenty miles. February 21, resumed march at 6. 30 a.m. in The center of The division, on flank of The train, pursuing a northeasterly course. Passed over a hilly section of country, thickly settled and well captivated. At 5 p.m. went into camp on Dutchman's Creek; distance marched, fifteen miles. February 22, at 10 a.m. this command moved us in advance of the division and in rear of Second and third divisions, taking the Rocky Mount road; moved over a rough, rocky country; got into camp at 2 p.m. near Wateree RIVER; distance marched, nine miles. February 23, at 9 a.m. moved forward, being the rear of the division, and crossed the Wateree River at 1 p.m. At 4 p.m. passed through small but pleasantly situated village. After sundown, the evening being dark and rainy, the train moved with difficulty, and it was past midnight when the command went into camp; distance marched, fifteen miles. February 24, weather still raining; resumed our march at 7. 30 a.m. still pursing the Camden road. At noon left the Camden road on our right; passed by Camden; went into camp at dusk, having marched a distance of twenty miles. February 25, left camp at 7. 30 a.m. taking The Florence road and being in advance of The division, Second Division coming up and having the advance of the corps; marched on a road cut by the pioneers on the right of the Second Division; marched thus for a distance of eight miles. Went into camp at Pine Tree Church at 12 m. February 26, moved forward at 7,30 a.m. in The center and on flank of train. Marched eight miles; reached Lynch's Creek and halted. Rains had swollen The creek so that it had overflowed its banks and The bottom lands adjacent a quarter of a mile extent on each side, water in many places being waist deep. As soon as The First brigade had crossed, my command moved forward, The most of The men having taken off their clothes preparatory to wading, and though the water reached their arm- pits at times the command crossed without loss, and went into camp a mile beyond on the right of The road, in line of battle, throwing up earth-works in front, The enemy being in our immediate vicinity. The brigade for The crossing of The train. February 28, still in camp. It commenced raining during The night, an continued at intervals during The day. The bridge is not yet completed.

