
March 1, at 2 p.m. The train had crossed, and orders were received to move at once. Encountered bad roads, which required corduroying. Marched eight miles and encamped at 7 p. m. near Dubose's Bridge, on Black Creek. march 2, broke camp at 8 a. m. Foot bridge having been constructed over The creek a passage was effected without difficulty. Found the roads impassable for The train. Corduroyed The same, and a mile and a half out formed in line of battle on The right and left of The road. In accordance with orders threw up a line of works. Remained here until 4 p.m., when we were ordered forward fur miles to New Market Cross- Roads. Arrived there at 7 p.m. and went into camp; distance marched, six miles. March 3, moved from cap at 7 a. m., flanking The greater part of the train, First Brigade being in advance, The Second was left behind as a guard for The department train. Second Brigade came up; marched to within five miles of Cheraw and camped near Thompson's Creek in front of a line of rebel works abandoned by The enemy in The morning; distance marched, eleven miles. March 4, broke camp at 7 a. m., taking The advance. Passed through The rebel breast- works; crossed Thompson; 's Creek; found The roads impassable for The train over The bottom land; halted and had The whole command engaged in corduroying the road until near 10 a.m., then moved forward, repairing The road from time to time until the head of The column reached the city of Cheraw; passed through The city, marched two miles to The west thereof, and went into camp at 3 p.m., having traveled a distance of seven miles. March 5, at 8 a.m. received orders from the general commanding to move my command into the city immediately and relieve the brigade of the Seventeenth Army Corps, then on provost duty there. Accordingly moved into town and relieved The brigade on duty there. Soon after received orders to remain in The city, guarding The same until after The entire corps had crossed Pedee River, and then to cross over and move as a guard to The pontoon train s far as Springfield, N. C. Soon after entering The town a large fire broke out on Main street, which threatened in its progress to reach The rebel hospitals, four in number, killed with some 500 patients. To prevent this I ordered major Johnson's command to tear down and remove such buildings as were necessary between The fire and hospitals, thereby saving them, although The greater portion of Main street was burned to The ground. Guards were placed over of Main street was burned to The ground. Guards were placed over nearly all The houses in the city and the streets were kept constantly patrolled. Several small fires broke out during the night, but by prompt and energetic efforts, both of offices and men, they were suppressed without material injury. At 2 p.m. Colonel Gillete, of General Howard's staff, called for a detail of two commissioned offices and fifty men and three teams to remove quantity of gunpowder, cartridges, and shells from a ravine in the northeast part of town, where they had been thrown by the enemy on their evacuation. The detail was furnished, and hundred the orders of Colonel Gillette cleared the ravine o, &amp;c., and were

dismissed by Colonel Gillette.

March 6, at 7 a.m. a tremendous explosion took place in the ravine above referred to, which totally destroyed several houses, stampeded a train near by, and killed an wounded a number of soldiers belonging to a command that happened to be passing. On investigation it was ascertained that kegs of powder and shell had been buried by the enemy in the ravine and trains of powder laid there from, reaching to the streets in several places, and scattered loose powder around. Just before the explosion a regiment halted in the street and the soldiers, observing the loose powder, began igniting matches and applying

