
them to the powder for amusement. At last one of the trains of powder caught fire and communicated with the buried kegs and shells. It was rumored that the number of casualties among the soldiers amounted to eight. Several ladies were severely injured by the falling houses. Just at dark the Twentieth Army Corps entered town, and the Fifteenth Army Corps not having entirely crossed the river, halted in town, and during their stay a number of unimportant buildings were fired and consumed, although the entire brigade was kept on duty constantly. March 7, during the latter part of the night, after the Twentieth Army corps had passed to the bank of the river, the city was quiet. At 8 a.m. commenced crossing, leaving the detachment of the Seventh Illinois, under Major Johnson, to bring up all stragglers of the different commands and to act as a rear guard. Some considerable delay was occasioned by foragers coming from up the river, belonging to the Twentieth Army CORPS, begging that the pontoons might not be taken up until their train had arrived and crossed. As the rear guard left the city a number of large store- houses filled with cotton were set on fire, the precaution having been previously taken to prevent the fire from spreading. At 9 a.m. completed the crossing, leaving one company of the Seventh Illinois behind as a guard, while the pioneers were taking up the pontoons. At 1 p.m., the bridge having been taken up, moved forward on the road to Fayetteville, N. C. ; marched twelve miles and encamped at 6 p.m. on Crooked Creek, the division being reported on our right but three miles distant. March 8, broke camp at 7 a.m., and at 9 a.m. rejoined the division. Commenced raining in the morning and rained almost incessantly during the entire day, making the road very bad and requiring much labor in the way of corduroying. Passed through a rich and fertile country, abounding in forage. Abut 12 m. crossed the boundary line between North and South Carolina; marched ten miles and encamped at Springfield. March 9, started at 7 a.m., bing in advance, and moving on Laurel Hill road, overtook the First Division, and waited several hours for that division to cross a stream and corduroy a swamp in front. At 3 p.m. moved forward ; during the remainder of the afternoon and until 9 p.m. it rained constantly, making the road almost impassable, and rendering it necessary to corduroy almost every rod of the way. At dark was ordered into camp on Black Creek. There regiments encamped, forward to Lumber River. At this time the rain fell in perfect torrents. The road itself became a creek almost knee- deep, and for two miles the command encountered the hardest marching it had ever experienced. At 9 p.m. were again ordered into camp, having marched a distance of twelve miles and the terrain being far in the rear. March 10, at 8 a.m. the brigade was ordered forward again in advance; two miles out crossed Lumber River; marched tow miles farther and halted for the train to come up. At 4 p.m. received orders to go into camp. March 11, moved a camp at 8 a.m., moving in the rear of the division. During the day passed through a succession of pine swamps which had been corduroyed by the advance divisions. At dark we had made only ten miles, then struck a good road and marched fifteen miles. March 12, moved forward at 8 a.m., forming the center of the division. Passed Rockfish village, an factory town, and Rockfish River at 12 m. A few miles farther struck an plank road leading to Fayetteville. Camped two miles west of the city at 3 p. m; distance marched, thirteen miles. Transports had already reached the city

