
by way of Cape Fear River, thereby once more placing us in communication with the civilized world. March 13, remained in camp. March 14, resumed march at 6 a.m. ; moved to Cape Fear River, two miles, and then halted until the Third Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, had passed over. Then crossed and encamped two miles out at 3 p.m., leaving two regiments a mile in the rear to corduroy the road. March 15, moved out at 9 a.m. in rear of the Division, received orders from the general commanding to have the Thirty- ninth Iowa Infantry report to Brigadier- General Woods for duty to guard the Division trains that were to be left in the rear. Accordingly moved on what was called Beaman's Cross- Roads; halted frequently to repair the roads. In the afternoon it rained considerably, and at 3 p.m. cannonading was heard in our front, which was occasioned by a small force of the enemy disputing the passage of the South River. At 4 p.m. encamped near the river in the midst of a severe rain; skirmishing going on in front on the part of the First Brigade; distance marched, ten miles. March 16, broke camp at 7 a.m. and immediately crossed the river, the command being obliged to wade through water knee- deep. Six miles out the advance struck the enemy, and the command formed in line of battle, but a few shots from the First Missouri Light Artillery induced them to retire. The Second Brigade, however, was left to cover the main road, while the other brigades moved rearward on another road to the left. Three miles farther on struck the Twentieth Army CORPS and went into camp, having marched nine miles. March 17, moved at 7 a.m., having sent forward the Fifty- seventh Illinois to repair the road at 6 a.m. Moved out six miles, where it was reported by the citizens that a regiment of rebel cavalry had been stationed the day before. Encamped at 11 a.m. and threw up earth-0 works in our front. March 18, left camp at 9 a.m. in rear of Division, taking the Goldsborough road. Crossed a bad swamp, corduroyed by the preceding troops. Found the road better than usual. Marched eleven miles and encamped at dark. March 19, moved forward at 7. 30 a. m. in center of Division. Marched but five miles in the forenoon, being delayed by bad road over swamp. At 3 p.m., the road being better, the command moved forward rapidly. During the middle of the day cannonading was heard on our left, and in the latter part of the day seemed more to our rear and right. At dark reached Falling Creek and found some difficulty in crossing. Went into camp at 11 p.m., having marched twelve miles. No train came up, being unable to effect a crossing over Falling Creek. The camp- fires of the enemy were visible, and a large force was reported in the vicinity. March 230, broke camp at 7 a.m., having received orders that the command would move on Bentonville prepared for battle, and that no train would accompany the command except the ammunition wagons and the ambulances. Took the advance of the Division, marching in the rear of the First DIVISION, and soon striking the Bentonville road turned square to the left. Soon after the First Division began skirmishing with the enemy, which continued for several miles, the column occasionally halting to give time for the skirmishers to drive the enemy from a swamp or a dense thicket. At 12 m. the advance Division seemed to encounter a large force and meet with a more stubborn resistance. The First DIVISION formed in line of battle, and I was ordered forward as a support with my command in column by regiment, with the exception of the Seventh Illinois, which moved on the left flank of the others. As the enemy's position was developed,

