
the command deployed and went into line on the right of the First Division in an open field. Soon after moved forward into the timber, then halted and stacked arms. At 3 p.m. received orders to thrown up earth- works on my front, having previously sent forward on my front a company from the Fifty- seventh Illinois to form a skirmish line connecting with that of the First DIVISION on my let and with that of the Second Brigade on my right. During the night a spirited skirmish fire was kept up along the line.

March 21, the command [had] laid on their arms during the night, behind their works, ad the works were somewhat strengthened by details. The company on the skirmish line from the Fifty- seventh Illinois was relieved by one from the Fiftieth Illinois. t 10 a.m. received orders to erect new works 200 yards in front of those first erected; had the same completed by 3 p.m., and then moved forward and occupied the new line. The firing on the skirmish line had been kept up at once became much more severe. It being reported that the company from the Fiftieth Illinois were out of ammunition, two more companies from that regiment were ordered out and went forward, but before they reached the line the former company (Company C) had charged across the line and drove the enemy from his rifle pits; but being unsupported either on their right or left were ordered back by Captain Barbur, chief of outposts. Learning that company C had the enemy's rifle- pits, ordered forward another company from the Fiftieth Illinois, and Company A was sent with orders to hold the rifle- pits at all hazards; but as before support reached them, and afterward, although repeated efforts were made, it was impossible to retake them, the enemy having concentrated his fire at that point. At dark ordered Major Johnson to relieve the skirmishers of the Fiftieth Illinois with his command, numbering seventy men, mainly armed with Henry rifles, and, if possible, retake the enemy's rifle- pits, and as a support to him ordered forward two companies from the Fifty- seventh Illinois with instructions to strongly intrench themselves and hold the line. At this time the whole line on my left an right was engaged firing as rapidly as possible. The Thirty- seventh Illinois with instructions to strongly intrench themselves and hold the line. At this time the whole line on my left and right was engaged firing as rapidly as possible. The Thirty- ninth Iowa Infantry reported for duty a short time prior to this and took the ground in line formerly occupied by major Johnson's command and a portion of the Second Brigade, the Second Brigade moving more to the right. Major Johnson soon after dark succeeded in crossing the swamp with the left of his line, but was obliged to withdraw the same to allow the artillery of the First DIVISION to play upon the enemy. The skirmish line was strongly intrenched under Major Johnson's efforts, and though the enemy during the forepart of the night attempted several times to advance his line he was promptly driven back.

An exceedingly sharp fire was maintained all night on both sides, until at 3. 30 a.m. the 21st [22d] the fire of the enemy began to cease. At daylight Major Johnson advanced a small party to reconnoiter the rifle- pits in his front; found them deserted, and immediately advanced his entire line, occupying a second and third line of works, and finding the enemy had disappeared. On receiving notice from Major Johnson that the enemy's fire had ceased, I received orders from the general commanding to move forward and occupy the enemy's works. I did so and sent forward a skirmish line as far as Bentonville, under the charge of Lieutenant Colonel William Hanna, whom, finding no enemy, and other forces coming up, returned to the command. The casualties in my command

