
during the two days were 2 men killed and 20 wounded. Four prisoners were taken as my command entered the enemy's works. In accordance with orders, at 5 p.m. moved back onto the ground I occupied in the morning and encamped. March 23, moved forward and struck the road to Goldsborough, over which the command marched on the 19th. Marched twelve miles and encamped. March 24, moved from camp at 7 a.m. ; crossed the Neuse River on pontoon bridge, just below the crossing of the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad. Entered and marched through Goldsborough at 1 p.m., passing in review before Major General W. T. Sherman, and went into camp two miles from the city on the New Berne railroad. Whole distance marched, 500 miles. I have the honor to be, campaign, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HURLBUT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifty- seventh Illinois Infantry, Commanding.

Captain L. H. EVERTS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 43.

Report of Major Edward S. Johnson, Seventh Illinois Infantry, of operations January 27- March 24.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT SEVENTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with circular Numbers 12, headquarters third Brigade, Fourth DIVISION, Fifteenth Army CORPS, calling for an official report of movements and operations of my command during the campaign for Savannah to this point, I have the honor to make the following report:

On the 27th of January, 1865, this detachment of the regiment (Companies A, B. H, and K), then under command of Lieutenant Colonel H. Perrin, in pursuance to orders from the Colonel commanding the brigade, moved from its camp on the Thunderbolt road, near Savannah, Ga., in company with the rest of the brigade, at 8 a.m., and continued in advance of the Division, repairing roads, until the third day, when the brigade, being rejoined by the remainder of the Division, the detachment moved in its place in the brigade and division, doing the ordinary duties of the campaign. February 18, entered Columbia, S. C., and n the 19th, the Division having gone to destroy the - railroad, the detachment move to rejoin it, in charge of the ordnance and ambulance trains, reaching the Division on the same day at Hopkins' Turn- out, distant fourteen miles from Columbia. February 23, Lieutenant- Colonel Perrin, by order of Brevet Major- General Corse, commanding Division, assumed command of the mounted detachment of the regiment detached from the brigade, since which time I have commanded the portion of the regiment remaining. On February 25, after going into camp at Pine Tree Church, the detachment was ordered to break camp at 7 p.m. and report to Lieutenant-Colonel Van Sellar, commanding Twelfth Illinois Infantry, and moved in company with the Twelfth and Fifty- second Illinois Infantry to cover a bridge and cross- roads from the approach of the enemy's cavalry. Went into camp about three miles from the point of starting, and rejoined the brigade at 7 a.m. on the

