
following day. February 26, the detachment forded Lynch's Creek, and was ordered on the skirmish line at 3 p.m., two miles in advance of the Division, remaining there without incident or casualty until 5. 30 p.m., when it returned and went into camp.

On March 4 passed through the town of Cheraw and encamped there miles north of the town, and on the following day, March 5, was ordered into the town, where the detachment, together with the rest of the brigade, were placed on duty as provost guards, and assisted in extinguishing fires which had broken out in the buildings neighboring the rebel hospital occupying the City Hall. March 7, in compliance with orders from Colonel commanding the brigade, picketed the Florence and Camden roads with two companies, and acted as rear guard, covering the crossing of the brigade over Great Pedce Rive, and were the last troops in the town, burning several buildings containing cotton, and deployed fifteen men, under Captain Gillson, Seventh Illinois Infantry, on the west bluff of the river, to cover the taking up of the pontoon bridge, wich was accomplished at 12 m. March 12, command encamped within tow miles of Fayetteville, N. C., and remained two days, and on the 14th crossed Cape Fear River at 12 m., and continued without incident to move with the column till abut 12 m. on the 20th instant. The brigade being in column of regiments in support of the First DIVISION, Fifteenth Army CORPS, which was engaging the enemy on the road leading to the town of Bentonville from the east, about four miles from that place the detachment, under orders from the Colonel commanding the brigade, moved by the flank on the left flank of the brigade. As the enemy's position was developed the brigade was deployed and my command was moved to the oppositoyed as skirmishers, extending in line to the right and front of the brigade to a swamp which separated me from the skirmishers of the enemy. The detachment remained in this position for there hours, when it was recalled and posted in line, its left resting on the right of the Fiftieth Illinois Infantry, where, in compliance with orders from the Colonel commanding the brigade, I threw up intrenchments and went into camp for the night at 5 p.m.

On the following day (21st instant), about 10 a.m., the line was ordered to advance, and at a distance of two hundred yards threw up a new line of works, my right being thrown forward so that my line extended relatively farther to the front than in my former position. At 3 p.m. I received orders from the brigade commander to relieve the skirmishers of the Fiftieth Illinois Infantry, then occupying the outer works of the enemy, and to hold those rifle- pits at all hazards. I accordingly moved with my whole command, seventy men in all (principally armed with the Henry repeating rifle), to the swamp on the farther side of which those pits were located, and found that our skirmishers had withdrawn from them, and that they were reoccupied by the enemy in force. The enemy immediately opened a galling fire upon me, under which I, however, deployed my men as skirmishes, and returned his fire. The left of my line succeeded in getting over the swamp, but was afterward somewhat withdrawn to allow artillery uninterrupted play upon the enemy's position. Two companies of the Fifty- seventh Illinois Infantry were ordered to my support, and intrenched themselves 150 paces in my rear. My men also threw up detached rifle- pits for their own protection. The enemy attempted several times to advance is lines, but was driven back with little trouble. An exceedingly sharp fire was kept up, however, by both sides during the entire night, until 3. 30 o'clock on the morning of

