
the 22d, when the enemy's fire entirely ceased. At daylight I ordered a party over the swamp to reconnoiter the rifle- pits in my front, which were found deserted; and I immediately advanced my whole line, occupying a second and third line of works, and finding the enemy had disappeared. I picked up only two prisoners and a few small- arms in my front. My command was then relieved by the Thirty- ninth Iowa Infantry, and I was ordered into camp just outside the enemy's second line of intrenchments, where I remained until the detachment took up the line of march for this point, where it arrived at 3 p.m. on the 24th instant, and has since remained, throwing up intrenchments and building quarters.

During the engagement and throughout the entire campaign the officers and men of my command have invariably displayed a cheerful patience and intelligent courage above all praise

Since leaving Savannah the detachment has built probably there miles of corduroy road.

Following is a list of casualties in the detachment during the campaign. *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. S. JOHNSON,

Major Seventh Illinois Infantry, Commanding Detachment.

Lieutenant FRED. MOTT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 44.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Hanna, Fiftieth Illinois Infantry, of operations January 27- March 24.

SIR: In compliance with orders from headquarters Third Brigade, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Fiftieth Illinois in the late campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C.:

We left Savannah January 27, 1865, and after four days' march camped near Sister's Ferry, on the Savannah River, where we remained five days.

On the 5th [4th] of February we crossed the river, marching in the direction of Columbia, S. C., arriving at that place on the 17th instant. The 18th instant we marched down the Charleston railroad toward Branchville, and worked two days destroying the railroad. On the 20th we left the road and marched toward Winnsborough,, S. C. On the 23rd we crossed the Wateree River an moved toward Tiller's Bridge, on Lynch's Creek, which we crossed on the 26th. The creek had overflowed its banks and the crossing was bad, the men being obliged to wade up to their arms in getting to and from the bridge. The train being detained in crossing was ordered to build breast- works, which I did.

On the 1st of March, our train being over, we moved out on the road the Cheraw, arriving at that place on the 4th instant. On the 5th and 6th did provost duty in the city. On the 7th of March we crossed the

Nominal list(omitted) shows 7 enlisted men wounded.

24 R R- VOL XLVII, PT I

