
Pedee River and marched in the direction of Fayetteville, N. C., on the Cape Fear River, reaching that place on the 12th instant. On the 14th we crossed the Cape Fear River and marched in the direction of Goldsborough, N. C. Nothing of interest transpired up to the 20th, when the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, being in the advance, were checked by the enemy and formed in line of battle, our brigade forming on their right. We then built a barricade of rails across a field on the right of the road. Shortly after we moved forward in line of battle into the woods and built a new line of works. On the 21st, according to orders, I sent Company C, of my regiment, under Lieutenant Starrett, to relieve a company of the Fifty- seventh Illinois that was on the skirmish line in our front. About 10 a.m. I received orders to build a new night. During the day Company C, with the Sixty- sixth Illinois Infantry, charged across a swamp and drove the enemy out of their rifle- pits, taking possession of them, but did not hold them. At 2 p.m. I sent Companies H and K, Fiftieth Illinois, under command of Lieutenant Gayer, to relieve Company C, who had expended all of their ammunition; and shortly afterward I sent out Company A, Fiftieth Illinois, under command of Sergt. Levi Wright, ordering him to report to lieutenant Gayer, and ordered Lieutenant Gayer to report to Major Johnson, Seventh Illinois Infantry, who were ordered out. About dark Companies A, H, and K were relieved by the Seventh Illinois Infantry, and came in, reporting 11 wounded and 2 missing, one of whom has since returned; the other was found dead in the swamp the 22d. Shortly after daylight on the morning of the 22nd I was ordered forward and found the works in our front abandoned. I halted my regiment at the second line of works and sent tow companies forward as skirmishers, who went as far as Bentonville, capturing two prisoners. Not finding the enemy, and the First DIVISION coming up, the two companies moved back to the regiment. At 4 p.m. I was ordered back to my old camp. General Sherman, and went into camp in the afternoon. The casualties in my regiment are as follows: Corpl. C. V. Johnson, captured by the enemy, February 23. Sergeant Hawkes, commanding Company H, killed; Corporal Tout, Company A, killed, and fifteen wounded.

I estimate the amount of corduroy road built by the Fiftieth Illinois Infantry during the campaign to be abut five miles.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WILLIAM HANNA,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fiftieth Illinois, commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant FRED. MOTT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 45.

Report of Captain Isaac D. Marsh, Thirty- ninth Iowa Infantry, of operations January 27- March 24.
HDQRS. THIRTY- NINTH IOWA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 26, 1865.

Pursuant to requirement of Circular, Numbers 12, from headquarters Third Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, of date March 26, 1865, I have the honor to report that on the 27th day of January,

