
1865, my regiment, composing a part of the above- named brigade, broke camp and marched out of Savannah, Ga., on the road- bed of the Ogeechee railroad. When we had marched about four miles from the city we commenced building causeway. From this point we continued to build causeway from day to day until arriving at this point, on the 24th day of March, 1865. The regiment marched during this campaign 500 miles.

The casualties of the regiment during the above campaign are as follows: 2 enlisted men died of disease, 1 enlisted man wounded; no other casualties or losses of any kind.

The regiment constructed during the entire march about four miles o causeway, from one to one mile and a half of which was made during the time the time the regiment was detached, reporting to Brevet- Brigadier General Woods, as train guard from Fayetteville to Falling Waters. I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. D. MARSH,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant FRED. OTT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 4th Div., 15th Army CORPS.

Numbers 46.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. Ross, First Michigan Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery, of operations January 27- March 24.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,

Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

MAJOR; I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the artillery in this corps on the South Carolina campaign from Beaufort, S. C., commencing January 27, to Goldsborough, N. C., ending March 24. The batteries in the corps are designated as follows:

First, Company H, First Illinois Light Artillery, four 20- pounder Parrott guns; second, Twelfth battery Wisconsin Volunteer Light Artillery, four 12- pounder Napoleon guns; third, company B, First Michigan Light Artillery, four 3- inch Rodman guns fourth, company H, First Missouri Light Artillery, six 12- pounder Napoleon guns.

I joined the command at McPhersonville, S. C ., January 30, 1865, in pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 3, January 28, headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee. I found the batteries organized as a brigade, but assigned to divisions as follows and under the immediate command of Division commander; Company H, First Illinois Light Artillery, commanded by Captain Francis De Gress, assigned to Second DIVISION; Twelfth Battery Wisconsin Volunteer Light Artillery, Capt. William Zisckerick commanding, to First DIVISION; company B, First Michigan Light Artillery, Lieutenant Edward B. Wright commanding, to Third DIVISION; Company H, First Missouri Light Artillery, Captain Charles M. Callahan commanding, to Fourth DIVISION.

Engagements: The batteries have been so far separated that I have been unable to get minute details of some of the battles and skirmishes, effects of fire, &amp;c.

Company H, First Illinois Light Artillery: February 3, skirmish at "Store; " firing five rounds; shelling the woods where the enemy were

