
lodged. February 15, took position with one section on the advance line commanding enemy's defenses of Congaree Creek brigade; fired there rounds with great precision and good effect. February 16, it was found necessary to put a battery in position on the extreme left in order to command rebel batteries, which were shelling the main road leading to the main bridge over Congaree River, and in order to accomplish this it was necessary to run the blockade of the rebel batteries, which I ordered and which was gallantly performed by this battery, Captain De Gress leading the column in sections. The position was gained without casualties; firing commenced and the rebel batteries silenced. major- General Howard then ordered one section of this battery placed in the road at west end of bridge way over Congaree River, commanding the main street in the city of Columbia in which the rebel cavalry were moving. The street was briskly shelled and made untenable. The battery was then ordered by Major- General Logan to cross Saluda River and take position on west bank of Broad River, which was accomplished without difficulty. Here the battery shelled the woods on the opposite side of River; effect unknown. Rounds fired during the day, 110. February 22, one section of this battery took position at Peay's Ferry, on Wateree River, to cove the crossing; here one percussion shell was fired; effect unknown.

Twelfth Wisconsin Battery: January 29, one section of this battery was ordered to Combahee River from Garden's Corners, supported by one brigade of FIRST Division. The enemy were found on the opposite side of River and their position shelled; thirty- eight rounds of ammunition expended; the section returned to camp at night; result of firing unknown. February 1, one section engaged in shelling the enemy near Hickory Hill, where he was posted behind rail piles. Twenty- six rounds of ammunition expended; the section returned to camp at nigh; result of firing unknown. February 1, one section engaged in shelling the enemy near Hickory Hill, where he was posted behind rail piles. Twenty- six rounds were fired with good effect, routing the enemy in confusion. February 15, battery took position west of Congaree Creek, firing at retreating cavalry. Thirty rounds ammunition expended; result unknown. February 16, battery in position before Columbia; shelled the city, expending thirty- one rounds ammunition. February 17, battery in position on west bank of Broad RIVER; shelled the woods on opposite bank, firing forty-nine rounds ammunition. March 20, the battery was engaged on the advance of FIRST Division during the day, skirmishing for several miles, expending twelve rounds ammunition. March 21, battery aligned with the advance of First Division, and briskly engaged the enemy with but little cover; expended 222 rounds ammunition. Firing continued during the night at intervals of fifteen minutes with each piece. Too much cannot be said of the main line of the enemy, with rude covering, they fought with brilliant success, the enemy' works and dead demarking the fire of his battery. During this engagement two men of their battery were wounded- private Robert Shields lost right leg and Private Festus Johnson received severe flesh wound in left leg. Company B, First Michigan Light Artillery; February 6, shelled the woods on Little Salkehatchie River, where the enemy wee strongly posted, and did much to dislodge him; expended five rounds ammunition. February 15, battery with Third DIVISION made a feint at crossing Congree River six miles below Columbia, at a crossing on that stream, here expending six rounds ammunition; effect unknown. March 20, one section of battery put in position to shell enemy's position at Cox's Bridge, on Neuse River. This section expended twenty- six rounds ammunition at his point, but owing to the wooded condition of the country the effects of the fire were unknown. The enemy,

