
however, ceased their fire, burned the bridge, and further demonstrations for the battery were not needed. March 21, one section of this battery was detached temporarily by my order from Third Division and placed on lines of First Division, near Mill Creek, on the right of one section of Twelfth Wisconsin Battery, when firing at intervals of fifteen minutes to each gun was kept up during the night under a galling fire from the enemy's sharpshooters. The wisdom of battery commanders displayed in ordering the men to get cover immediately after firing prevented undue casualties; one man slightly wounded in the engagement. This section expended sixty- three rounds ammunition during the night.

Company H, First Missouri Light Artillery; This battery moved from its camp at Savannah with Fourth Division on 28th of January, and owing to movements of Division did not get engaged until February 16 before Columbia, on Congaree River, where the battery took position, shelling the rebel works, expending 135 rounds ammunition with but a faint reply from the enemy. March 16, one section of this battery skirmished with the enemy two miles east of Little Rockfish [Little Cohera] Creek, expending five rounds of ammunition; effect unknown, as a farther advance was not found necessary. March 21, the battery took an advanced position on the line of Fourth Division, in the line of the corps, cannoneers throwing up their own works, when firing commenced early in the afternoon; after the first and second sections were advanced to support the skirmishers and went into action without works, continuing a rapid fire until daylight of 22d, expending 431 rounds ammunition, with casualties of 1 man mortally and 1 slightly wounded.

I cannot speak in too much praise of the behavior of both officers and men. All have done nobly their part and duty, reflecting honor upon their respective States and Government. The circumstances of country and position chosen by the enemy rendered the artillery of less than ordinary service. I am gratified, however, to state that nothing of moral or physical endurance on the part of officers and men has been lacking, and whatever the exigencies of the service might have demanded, I am satisfied that the element was present.

Loss of animals: Company H, First Illinois Light Artillery, 2 horses by disease, 3 ridden off by deserters; Twelfth Wisconsin Battery, 2 horses and 1 mule captured with men, 2 horses by disease; B, First Michigan Light Artillery, 3 horses by disease; H, First Missouri Light Artillery, 3 horses by disease.

Gain of animals: Company B, First Michigan Light Artillery, 14 horses and 2 mules captured;

Animals: Upon taking command of artillery of the cororses in the several batteries very much reduced in flesh, fully 50 per cent, being unserviceable, caused by starvation at Savannah. I am gratified to report that owing to light marches and abundance of forage, together with commendable care, the animals have greatly improved, and after a march of over 500 miles I find but a few that are unserviceable.

Ammunition: The 12- pounder ammunition is good. The 20- pounder Parrott ammunition proves defective; the powder in the shells is insufficient and poor, and the fuses are not reliable. The 3- inch Rodman ammunition from Saint Louis is defective in powder and the fuses are very poor. The expenditures of ammunition during the campaign have been promptly reported weekly and are herewith attached consolidated.

