
Casualties: Attached to this report will be found a complete list of killed, wounded, and missing, and of prisoners, and a report of deserters. In conclusion, I would add that efforts are now being made to equip the batteries in the most effective manner for another campaign, and I trust will be found ready when again called upon to advance upon the enemy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. ROSS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Artillery.

Major T. W. OSBORN,

Chief of Artillery, Department and Army of the Tennessee,

Numbers 47.

Report of Major General Frank P. Blair, Jr., U. S. Army, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, of operations January 2- March 24.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Seventeenth Army Corps during the recent campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C.:

On the 2nd of January, in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 7, headquarters Army and Department of he Tennessee, preparations were made for moving this corps to Beaufort, S. C., via Thurderbolt, and thence by army transports and navy vessels to Beaufort, S. C. A wharf or dock was built at Thurderbolt to facilitate the embarkation of the troops and train. The First Division, Major- General Mower commanding, commenced embarking on the morning of the 3rd of January, followed by the Third and Fourth Divisions. The transportation of the troops was completed on the 7th of January, but, in consequence of the very limited capacity of the steamers assigned, the transportation of the wagons, horses, 7c., was very slow, and it was not until the morning of the 12th of January that the last of our transportation was disembarked. On the 13th of January the command moved out via Port Royal Ferry toward Pocotaligo. A boat expedition, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Kirby, was successful in securing the crossing at the ferry and covering the laying of a pontoon bridge 600 feet in length, which was completed before daylight, at which time the command again moved forward, the Third DIVISION in advance, followed by the Fourth and First divisions. The enemy, consisting of one regiment of cavalry and three pieces of artillery, was first encountered at a small stream about five miles from the ferry, in a strongly intrenched position. One brigade of the Third DIVISION was immediately detached and turned their position, when they fell back rapidly on the direct road to Pocotaligo. One brigade of the Third Division, under the personal direction of General Legget, was then detached to move on a road about three miles to the right, for the purpose of turning them out of another strongly entrenched position on Stony Creek, which movement was a perfect success, and caused the enemy to fall back to his main works at Pocotaligo, from which they opened a heavy fire of artillery and musketry. The skirmishes moved forward through an

