
almost impassable swamp or flooded rice- field to within musket- range of his works. About this time it became so dark that further movements were impossible.

Early on the following morning 9 January 150 it was discovered that the enemy had evacuated their works at this point, and also in front of General Hatch's command, about five miles below. The command was encamped and positions intrenched on all roads leading north-northeast and northwest from this station. on the 16th an expedition was sent to open communication with the Fifteenth Army CORPS, which was supposed to be en route for this point via Union Causeway and New River bridge, but in consequence of the enemy's calvary being in too great force they were compelled to return without effecting the object. On the morning of the 20th the First Division, Major- General Mower commanding, started upon an expedition to Salkehatchie bridge for the purpose of surprising, an, if possible, capturing a portion of the force, consisting of abut 3,000 infantry and cavalry and one battery of artillery, stationed at that point. From information derived from negroes and deserters we were led to believe that the River was fordable at a point about three miles above the bridge, but upon the arrival of the command at that point they discovered that in consequence of the late heavy rains there was from twelve to fifteen feet of water in the River. Not being provided with boats it was fund to be impracticable to effect a crossing without attracting the attention of the enemy, so the expedition returned the same night From the 20th to the 30th of January nothing of any particular interest occurred, with the exception of an unimportant demonstration made against Salkehatchie bridge on the 23rd by the First Division. on the 30th the command moved out and encamped on the River road abut six miles from Pocotaligo. On the following morning General Fore, with two regiments from his Division, made a demonstration at the River just above the railroad bridge.

February 1, the command moved forward in the direction of Rivers' Bridge, Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry in the advance, skirmishing heavily with the rebel cavalry. We moved forward rapidly to Whippy Swamp, which we found very badly obstructed by fallen timber, and bridges five in number) destroyed, with about 200 yards of water at each end of causeway. The main body of rebel cavalry fell back in the direction of Whippy Swamp Post- Office, followed by the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, supported by the Third Division. one company of rebel cavalry was posted behind a barricade on opposite side of Whippy Swamp, covering the causeway. They were quickly dislodged, and before 8 p.m. the road was entirely cleared of obstructions and bridges rebuilt. The First Division and a large portion of the train was moved over during the night. In consequence of the exceedingly bad condition of the roads, and the rapidity with which the advance moved, we found it impossible to bring up the rear (Fourth) Division, which went into camp about five miles back. At daylight the following morning the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, followed by the Third Division, moved up the west side of Whippy Swamp, with instructions to proceed to Agley's Post- office, and thence to Rivers' Bridge. THE balance of the command, First and Fourth divisions, moved on up the River road, skirmishing heavily, but steadily driving the rebel cavalry up to Braxton's Bridge, where one regiment was left to engage the attention of the enemy across the Salkehatchie RIVER At this point the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry again rejoined us, and taking the advance drove the enemy three miles, making one splendid charge, in which

