
Lieutenant- Colonel Kirby, of my staff, was wounded. After this, the enemy drove very stubbornly and slowly; so much so that one regiment of infantry was deployed and the cavalry sent to operate upon their flanks. The enemy were then driven rapidly to a cross- road, one road leading to Buford's and the other to Rivers' Bridge. The cavalry, supported by two regiments of First Division, were left on the Buford road with instructions to drive the enemy one mile and to remain there until relieved. The balance of the First Division moved rapidly on Rivers' Bridge, driving the enemy so rapidly that they had no time to burn the bridges, sixteen in number, over the causeway leading to the other side of the Salkehatchie RIVER. The enemy immediately opened with two pieces of artillery, which swept the causeway and rendered any advance in that direction impossible.

While Colonel Swayne, commanding Forty- third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, was moving in with his regiment to take position on the right of the road a piece of shell struck him on the leg, rendering amputation necessary, which deprived me of the services of a very brave and valuable officer.

After carefully reconnoitering the enemy's position we found his works too strong to assault them in front. Avery strong skirmish line was pushed forward to the River, and the balance of the troops of the First Division withdrawn from the swamp and encamped on dry ground. The Fourth Division, Brevet Major- General Smith commanding, was encamped on the River road at a point midway between Broxton's and River's Bridges, with instructions to make a reconnaissance through the swamp to determine the practicability of crossing troops. He complied with instructions, and reported favorably. The Third Division, Brigadier-General Force commanding, having arrived, via Angley's Post- Office, was encamped at the cross- roads, nearly in ear of the FIRST Division, in order that he might render them any support or assistance required. The detached regiments on the Buford road were relieved and ordered to rejoin the Division. The Salkehatchie River at his point is a dense swamp one mile and a half in width, where the River spreads out into thirty- five small streams varying from two to six feet in depth. The approach to the main bridge, about seventy feet in length, was along a narrow causeway, commanded almost its entire length by the enemy's batteries. The main or largest stream ran very near the east side of the swamp, immediately beyond which that bank rises abruptly to the high table- land beyond. Upon this bank the enemy had built a very strong line of earth- works, with two strong redoubts and batteries commanding the main approaches. There were sixteen bridges, exclusive of the main bridge, varying from thirty to fifty feet in length on that portion of the causeway exposed to the enemy's fire. Major General Mower, commanding First DIVISION, having been ordered to effect a crossing at Rivers' Bridge, commenced work at daylight, cutting roads through the almost impassable swamp, and collecting lumber, &amp;c., to repair the bridges Brevet Major- General Smith, commanding Fourth DIVISION, was ordered to move forward through the swamp at a point about midway between the two bridges and effect a lodgment upon the opposite bank, and if possible move on the forces opposing General Mower. Colonel Tillson's brigade, of First Division, had been for some time attempting to force a crossing above and below the bridge. Abut 12 m. Colonel Tilson reported that he had crossed two companies above. He was immediately ordered to push across with the balance of his command. The Tenth Illinois having reported that they could cross below the bridge, they were

