
ordered forward. General Fuller's and Colonel Montgomery's brigades were also ordered to follow Colonel Tillson across the River above. Major Park, commanding Forty- third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, was instructed to move his command forward, one company at a time, at a double- quick "by file' off to the right and left of the road, and move up to the bridge. The movement on the right by the Tenth Illinois was temporarily checked by the enemy. The center was repulsed, but the crossing on the left was a complete success, and caused the enemy to withdraw in great confusion with a loss of forty prisoners.

During this engagement General Smith, commanding Fourth Division, moved through the swamp at a point about midway between the two bridges, and afer a severe skirmish succeeded in effecting a lodgment upon the opposite bank. About the time he was forming his command to advance the rebels advanced a strong skirmish line. Having a good defensible position, and knowing nothing about the force of the enemy stationed at that point, he formed for an attack. As soon, however, as his skirmish line advanced the enemy withdrew. It was then quite dark and too late to advance, so hey bivouacked there for tonight. As soon as General Mower could repair the bridges he moved has entire command across the River an intrenched engagements the forces stationed at Broxton's Bridge kept up a heavy demonstration, and reported the movement of a heavy force of rebel infantry to our right, in consequence of which one brigade of Third Division was sent to re- enforce the troops stationed at that point.

On the following morning (February 4) the Fourth Division moved up the east side of the River and formed on the right of the First Division. The Third Division remained in its former position. A train of thirty wagons and some ambulances was sent back to Pocotaligo with our sick and wounded, under escort of the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry. On the 6th of February the entire command moved without opposition to Cowpen Ford, on Little Salkehatchie River, where we had a light skirmish with the enemy and rebuilt seven bridges, varying in length from thirty to fifty feet, and crossed the Third Division. At daylight on the following morning the command moved forward through a drenching rain and over almost impossible roads toward Midway Station, on South Carolina Railroad. We rebuilt there bridges at Lemon's Swamp, and succeeded in getting the Fourth Division and one brigade of the First Division into position covering the station. A company of the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry was sent on a reconnaissance to Cannon's Bridge. They found the rebels on this side of the River, drove them across, and compelled them to burn the bridge in their rear. February 8, heavy details from the First and Fourth Divisions were engaged in destroying the railroad track from a point one mile and a half west of the station up to and including the railroad bridge across the Edisto River- eight miles of track, exclusive of railroad bridge. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry made a successful reconnaissance to Walker's Bridge, compelling the enemy to burn it. The command moved forward at daylight on the following morning in the direction of Binnaker's Bridge, on South Fork of Edisto River, where we arrived about 1 p.m. We found the bridge destroyed and enemy occupying a strongly intrenched position on the opposite side of the River an swamp, with artillery commanding the crossing. The advantages a position were decidedly in our favor- a high and bluff bank

