
upon this and low flat swamp upon the opposite side of the River, beyond which the enemy was intrenched. We quickly laid a pontoon bridge abut 500 yards below the old crossing, and out of sight and range of their artillery, over which General Mower passed his Division, deployed and moved forward through the swamp, attacked the enemy and completely routed him with a loss of one caisson and several prisoners, or loss in this engagement being only 3 killed and 7 wounded. The Third and Fourth Divisions had gone into camp covering the rear. During the engagement the Third DIVISION was moved up to the River, but before it became necessary to cross the enemy had been defeated. A pontoon bridge was immediately laid at the old crossing, the causeway repaired, 7c., and the balance of General Mower's command, including his artillery, moved over during the night. The crossing of this River was second only in importance and the difficulties to be overcome to the crossing of the Salkehatchie. The night was exceedingly cold. The men and offices had to wade for near a mile through a dense swamp in water varying from two to four feet in depth, and remain all night without blankets or shelter of any description. The enemy's force stationed at this point consisted of about 1,000 infantry, one section of artillery, and a light force of cavalry, all belonging to General Stevenson's Division, Lee's corps, Hood's army.

The Third DIVISION moved over at daylight on the following morning and went into position on the right of the First Division. On the following morning the command moved forward at 7 a.m. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, having returned from Pocotaligo, took the advance. We first struck the enemy at a barricade about two miles south of the North Fork of the Edisto RIVER and about three miles and a half from ORANGEBURG. They were quickly routed by our mounted infantry an pushed back to the River, whered heavily with artillery. The cavalry was relieved by the Third Division and sent to the bridge abut ten miles below, on the road to Rowe's Station, where they encountered the rebel cavalry on this side, forced them across, and burned the bridge. THE skirmishers of the Third DIVISION succeeded in working their way through the swamp to the River- bank. The large bridge had not been destroyed and our skirmishers covered it so completely that no one dare approach it n daylight; but after night they succeeded in burning it partially. General Force, having discovered a point on the River abut one mile and a half below the bridge not covered by the enemy, was ordered to withdraw his command, which was relieved by the Fourth Division, and effect a crossing at that point. At daylight one section of the pontoon bridge was sent to General Force, who crossed the River, passed through a small swamp, and flanked the rebels and compelled them to evacuate in haste. General Smith, Fourth DIVISION, immediately repaired the bridge an moved across, d, in connection with the Third Division, moved upon the town. Some of the rebel cavalry before leaving fired one of the public buildings, which communicating to others destroyed about one- half of the village. The Third Division destroyed town miles of the railroad track south of the town.

The command moved out at 7 o'clock on the morning of the 13th along the Orangeburg Branch Railroad, destroying the track thoroughly up to the State road, twelve miles, and thence we moved along the State road to a point fifteen miles and a half from Orangeburg. The

Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry moved along a road east of and parallel to the railroad to Saint Matthew's Post- Office. On the following morning the First Division and one brigade of the Fourth Division

