
moved along the State road to within one mile and a half of Sandy Run Post- Office. The Third DIVISION moved along the railroad with instructions to destroy it up to the Congaree RIVER. The Ninth Illinois, supported by one brigade of the Fourth DIVISION, was sent to destroy the railroad bridge across the River. They met abut 300 rebel cavalry on this side, drove them for several miles and across the River, compelling them to burn the bride in their rear. On the following morning the command moved forward along the State road, in rear of the Fifteenth Army CORPS, to Bates' Ferry road. The emery occupying a strong position on the Congaree Creek, had checked the Fifteenth Army CORPS, which moved in on the road at Sandy Run Post- Office. We then moved by the settlement and plantation roads to Harnell's Branch, eight miles and a half from Columbia. One brigade of the Third Division was sent forward to secure the crossing over Congaree Creek at Taylor's Bridge. They were compelled to wade through several hundred yards of water before reaching the bridge, which they found destroyed. They crossed the stream, drove in the rebel pickets, and intrenched a position covering the crossing. During the night the bridge was rebuilt and a footing for infantry constructed, opening a route to flank the force in front of the Fifteenth Army Corps. On the following morning the command moved forward along the State road, in rear on the Fifteenth Army Corps, to Bates' Ferry road. The enemy, occupying a strong position on the Congaree Creek, had checked the Fifteenth Army Corps, which moved in on the road at Sandy Run Post- Office. We then moved by the settlement and plantation roads to Harnell's Branch, eight miles and a half from Columbia. One brigade of the Third Division was sent forward to secure the crossing over Congaree Creek at Taylor's Bridge. They were compelled to wade through several hundred yards of water before reaching the bridge, which they found destroyed. They crossed the stream, drove in the rebel pickets, and intrenched a position covering the crossing. During the night the bridge was rebuilt and a footing for infantry constructed, opening a route to flank the force in front of the Fifteenth Army Corps. On the following morning we moved forward at daylight, taking the most direct roads to Columbia, and meeting with no opposition we soon ascertained that the rebel army had during the night fallen back across the Congaree River, burning the bridge in their rear to prevent pursuit. We moved up to a point opposite the city and encamped, sending a strong skirmish line to the River in our immediate front. The enemy's sharpshooters kept up an exceedingly annoying fire from the opposite bank of the River, which compelled us to open upon them and the city with artillery. General Butler's cavalry Division retreated across the Saluda River, burning the bridge, about 300 feet in length, after them. A pontoon bridge was laid across the Saluda River immediately below the old crossing, and the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, supported by Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, drove the rebel cavalry across Broad River and made an unsuccessful effort to save the bridge. The enemy fired the bridge and opened upon them with artillery from the opposite bank.

On the following morning, February 17, the Fifteenth Army Corps having the right of way, we did not commence moving until 9. 30 o'clock. While the Fifteenth Army CORPS was laying a pontoon bridge across Broad River, about three miles above the city, Brigadier General W. W. Belknap, commanding Third Brigade, Fourth DIVISION, crossed over the Thirteenth Iowolonel J. C. Kennedy commanding, in a small flat- boat that he had fitted up for the purpose, and, driving the rear guard from the city, entered and planted the Stars and Stripes upon both the old and new capitols. Our advance Division (First arrived in Columbia just after dark, and, passing through, encamped about one mile and a half north of the city. The Third and Fourth DIVISIONS were placed in position on the left of the First. February 18, the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry and one brigade from First DIVISION were assigned to provost- guard duty. The balance of the command moved out and encamped on the Charlotte and South Carolina Railroad, six miles from the city. Heavy details from each Division were engaged in destroying the railroad was thoroughly destroyed up to a point fifteen miles from the city. On the 20th the command moved without opposition to Dako Station, seventeen miles north of the city.

