
Details were engaged in destroying the railroad up to this point, and on the following morning one brigade from each Division was detached to move along and thoroughly destroy the railroad. The balance of the command moved, via Sandy Level Meeting- Gouse, to a point where we again struck the railroad, five miles south of Winnsborough, at which place the detached brigades rejoined their divisions, having thoroughly destroyed the railroad up to this point. Early on the following morning heavy details were at work destroying the railroad up to Winnsborough, through which place the command moved and encamped at Poplar Springs.

On the 23rd the command moved forward, and very soon struck the rear of the Fifteenth Army Corps at the pontoon bridge near Peay's Ferry, on the Wateree River. The rear of the Fifteenth Army Corps crossed the River at 3 p.m. followed by my command, the advance Division (Fourth) of which arrived at Liberty Hill about dark. The First DIVISION encamped at a c reek about two miles and a half east of the River, and the Third DIVISION was unable to get everything over before morning. The command moved at 7 a.m. on the following morning, via Russell Place and Patterson's Cross- Roads, to a point three miles east of the latter place, where the fourth Division encamped. The First Division got up to Patterson; 's Cross- Roads, to a point three miles east of the latter place, where the Fourth DIVISION encamped. The First Division got up to Patterson's Cross- Roads and the Third to Russell Place. February 25, we moved at 7 a.m. via Quinlan's and Copeland's, and from there on the most direct road to Hough's Bridge, on Little Lynch's Creek. The advance Division (Fourth) crossed and encamped about two miles east of the creek, the First Division on west side of creek, and Third DIVISION at Copeland's. While the Fourth Division was crossing the water rose very rapidly, rendering it impossible to cross the First Division before daylight. During the night the First Michigan Engineers built a bridge about 250 yards in length across the creek.

February 26, in consequence of the heavy and constant rains for the past forty- eight hours the roads were in a very bad condition. The First DIVISION was ordered to take the advance, but being unable to cross Lynch's Creek in time the Fourth Division moved forward, taking the most direct road to Young's Bridge, where we learned that tow brigades of rebel cavalry had just passed, leaving the bridge, 270 feet in length, undestroyed. Her, however, we found the road [and] bottom lands adjoining overflowed for a considerable distance on each side, the water being from two to six feet in depth of a distance of about 200 yards on west and 1,500 yards on east side. One regiment of Fourth Division waded along the road and through the swamp to the high ground beyond, where they intrenched a strong position for the purpose of covering the crossing. The First Michigan Engineer Regiment was ordered to build a foot bridge along the side of the road and through the swamp, and heavy details were made to assist them in procuring lumber, &amp;c. They worked all night and completed the foot bridge, about on mile in length, about daylight, over which the troops of the First Division passed. From information derived from citizens we were induced to believe that the water would fall so rapidly before morning that we would have no difficulty in crossing our trains along the road. The water fell about eighteen inches during the night, but not sufficient to allow the trains to pass., in consequence of which we were compelled to construct a wagon road through the overflowed fields and swamp about one mile and a half in length. About 2,500 men were engaged upon the work, and completed 850 feet of bridging and 7,000 feet of corduroyed road on stringlers before 5 p.m., over which the

