
entire command moved that night and the following morning, when we again moved forward in the direction of Cheraw. When within thirteen miles of the city we received an order from Major-General Howard to proceed no farther than McDonald's Cross-Roads, but having already passed that point we selected a strong defensible position and intrenched our entire camp.

On the following day we remained in position awaiting the arrival of the balance of the army. One brigade, under the personal command of Major- General Mower, was sent on a reconnaissance in the direction of Cheraw. They encountered the enemy in strong force at the crossing of the Chesterfield and Society Hill road, developed their position, and withdrew. About 10 o'clock on the following morning we received an order direct from General Sherman, who was with the Left Wing, to move upon Cheraw. The command was ordered to move at 12 m. At 11 a.m. we received an order from General Howard not to move from our present position until the Fifteenth Army Corps could get up within supporting distance; in consequence of which order we concluded not to move until morning, and in the meantime notified General Howard of the order from General Sherman. The command moved forward abut daylight to the cross- roads, where we deployed an infantry skirmish line and moved rapidly forward in the direction of Cheraw. Supposing the enemy to be in force and occupying a strong position on Thompson's creek, the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry was sent to ascertain the practicability of crossing Thompson's Creek north of Bear Creek. They reported all bridges burned and crossing impracticable. They were then ordered to report to Colonel Williams, of the Twelfth Indiana Regiment, Fifteenth Army Corps, who had been placed in command of an expedition, consisting of all the mounted men of the Right. Wing, to be sent to Florence, S. C. The enemy was first meant in light force at an admirably selected position on the west side of Thompson's Creek, where they had built a strong and extensive line of earth- works. Our skirmishers quickly drove them fro this position and across THOMPSON's Creek, saving the bridge, which they had already fired. In consequence of the abandonment of this strong lien we were convinced that the main body of the army was retreating. We skirmished heavily, and drove them rapidly through Cheraw, using artillery upon them with effect, to and across the Pedee River, but were unable to save the bridge, it having been previously prepared for burning by covering it with resin, turpentine, &amp;c., and was already in flames when our advance reached it. Our captures at this point consisted of 25 pieces of field artillery, 16 limbers complete, 16 caissons complete, 5,000 rounds of artillery ammunition, 20,000 rounds of infantry ammunition, 2,000 stand small- arms, 1,000 sabers, and a large amount of material for the manufacture of fixed ammunition. Also an immense amount of tools belonging to the ordnance and machine shops; 1 locomotive, 12 to 15 cars, and thousands of bales of cotton, nearly all of which was destroyed before leaving the town.

On the following day the First Missouri Engineers laid a pontoon bridge over the Pedee River immediately below the old crossing, which, being finished at 3 p.m., Major-General Mower's (First) division commenced crossing. He encountered the rebel cavalry with artillery but a short distance out; in consequence of which the Third Division was ordered to follow him as soon as practicable. This order was afterward changed, and one division of Fifteenth Army corps ordered to follow the First division, Seventeenth Army Corps; after which our entire command moved across the river and encamped about three

