
miles east of the bridge. Some slight skirmishing with the rebel cavalry took place while going into position. On the 6th the entire command moved forward to Bennettsville and encamped in the immediate vicinity of the town. On the following morning the command moved out on the Fayetteville road, and in compliance with orders made a short march and encamped between Beaver Dam and Panther Creeks. The Ninth Illinois was sent forward to secure and hold the bridge at Gum Swamp, or Little Pedee River. On the following morning the command moved out at an early hour, Ninth Illinois in advance, to secure the Lumber River bridge. We succeeded in crossing the river an reaching Gilopolis with the advance (Third) division. The river rose so rapidly that we found it impossible to cross troops during the night and without considerable additional bridging. At an early hour on the following morning the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry was sent to Lumberton, on Lumber River, where they burned the railroad and wagon bridges and 6 cars, and destroyed about one mile of the railroad track. The balance of the command moved out at 8 a.m., the Fourth Division on upper and First and third Divisions on lower Fayetteville roads. We encamped with the Third and Fourth divisions on the east side of Raft Swamp and Creek, and First Division on west side. The bride at Raft Swamp had been partially destroyed by the enemy, but was easily repaired.

We moved at 8 a.m. . on the 10th. In consequence of the recent heavy rains the roads were in a very bad condition for the first six miles. We then struck the plank road (single track), move which we moved rapidly to Big Rockfish Cree, where we fund the bridge destroyed and their creek rising rapidly. We built a light bride, over which the Ninth Illinois passed and proceeded to Rockfish Factory, and in accordance with orders destroyed the machinery and burned the factory buildings. This factory was one of the large having 318 looms. The Third Division pioneers were engaged all night in building a wagon bridge over Rockfish Creek. In the morning we put on an additional force and completed the bridge at 10 o'clock, at which time the command commenced moving forward toward Fayetteville via Rockfish Factory, the Fourth Division crossing the creek about three miles above. The bridge over Little Rockfish had been partially destroyed, but was quickly repaired, and the command moved rapidly forward to Fayetteville. The Fourth Division had a sharp skirmish with the rebel cavalry, and drove them through the city and across Cape Fear River. We were unable to save the bridge, which the rebels fired after crossing. In compliance with orders received from Major- General Howard the Fourth Division was withdrawn to allow the Fourteenth Army Corps to occupy the city. On the 13th, pontoon bridges having been laid, our corps crossed the river and encamped on the Beaman's Cross- Roads road. On the following day we changed to the Wilmington road in order to give the Fifteenth Army Corps the upper road.

On the 15th the command moved forward, via Blockersville, to South River, where the rebels burned the bridge, about sixty feet in length, and contested the crossing for some them. We sent an infantry skirmish line forward and opened upon them with artillery, when they withdrew rapidly, leaving several of their dead and wounded on the field. The First Division repaired the bridge and moved over the river. The Third and Fourth Divisions encamped on the west side. The Fourth Division was engaged all night in building a bridge 500 feet in length over the back- water to the main South River bridge, which being

