
completed about 8 a.m., the advance (Furth) division moved on to Big Swamp, where we found the bridge, 180 feet in length, destroyed. This was rebuilt, and we again moved forward and encamped with the Fourth Division in the immediate vicinity of Owensville. One regiment of that division was sent across Little Cohera Swamp and Creek to cover the working parties who were engaged in rebuilding three bridges destroyed by the enemy. The Third Division encamped on the east side of Big. Swamp and the First Division remained in camp on the east side of South River. On the following morning we moved out on the Clinton road, and when within six miles of Clinton the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry was sent to that place to cover the refugee train which moved from this point to Wilmington, and also to open communication with Major- General Terry's forces, moving up the Wilmington and Goldsborough Railroad. The balance of the command moved by the most direct road to Beaman's Cross- Roads, where we arrived with the Fourth Division about 5 p.m. The Third Division encamped at a small creek about two miles in the rear, and the First Division in rear of the Third. We moved forward on the following morning, crossing Big Cohera Swamp and Creek without opposition up to Troublefield's Store, where the First Division, with one bridge train and the surplus trains of the Fifteenth Army corps, moved to the left on the main road to Everettsville. The Third and Fourth Divisions moved in a southeasterly direction to William Lane's plantation, on the main road from Clinton to Goldsborough. We again moved forward on the following morning, via Doctor Faison's plantation, to Smith's Chapel, abut seven miles from Mount Olive. About 9 p.m. we received news of the engagement between the Left Wing and the Confederate forces under General Johnston, accompanied by an order to move at 3 a.m. to Falling Creek Church. In compliance with orders we moved forward with only headquarters, regimental, and thirty ordnance wagons. Arriving at Falling Creek Church about daylight, we received an order to follow the Fifteenth Army Corps in the direction of Bentonville, via Cox's Bridge. The Fifteenth Army Corps was placed in position on the right of the Fifteenth Army Corps and the First and Third Division were encamped in the rear and in reserve.

On the following morning (March 21) the First and THIRD Divisions were moved into position on the right of the Fourth, and the entire line advanced to within range of the enemy's main line of works. Major- General Mower, in going into position on the right of the line, moved his division across the creek or swamp, drove in their skirmishers, and assaulted and carried one line of their works, capturing a caisson, and pushing his skirmish line forward into Bentonville. He having completely turned their flank and occupied a very threatening position near their only line of retreat, they massed upon and enveloped both his flanks, which rendered it necessary to move his line to the left and rear in order to connect with the Third Division. A heavy demonstration was immediately made in his favor along the entire line, during which the movement was successfully made, the line connected, and position intrenched. The firing was heavy and continuous throughout the night, and at daylight on the following morning we discovered that the enemy had evacuated and retreated in the direction of Raleigh. On the 23rd we moved toward Goldsborough via Cox's

