
and five bridges leading through the swamp destroyed, with the enemy holding the opposite side of the causeway. I at once ordered up one regiment, deployed and ordered it forward to drive the enemy and protect the pioneers in cutting away and clearing the road of this felled timber. As soon as I had made a lodgment on the other side of the causeway I crossed my whole command except one regiment for train guard, repaired the bridges, crossed my artillery, and part of my trains that same night; distance traveled, fourteen miles. February 2, I struck the enemy one mile and a half from my camp and drove them across Broxton's Bridge, where I left one regiment, by order of Major- General Blair, to engage thee enemy across the Salkehatchie River. At this point Colonel Kirby with the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry took the advance and drove the enemy for three miles, making one splendid charge, in which Colonel Kirby was wounded. After this the enemy drove very stubbornly and slowly, so much so that I ordered one of my regiments to deploy, the cavalry moving on the flanks. I then drove the enemy rapidly to a cross- roads, one road leading to Burford's and the other to Rivers' Bridge. I left Colonel Tillson with two regiments of his brigade on the Buford road, with orders to drive the enemy one mile and remain there until relieved by another force of the corps. I took the balance of my command on the Rivers' Bridge road and ordered the Twenty- fifth Wisconsin, Colonel Rusk commanding, forward as skirmishers; they gallantly charged up toward the enemy's works, and drove them so rapidly that they had no time to burn the brides, sixteen in number, move the causeway leading to the other side of the Salkehatchie River. Having saved the bridges I directed lieutenant- Colonel Rusk to deploy his regiment on the right and left of the road and drive the enemy's skirmishers (if he had any) from this side of the River. The next regiment, the Forty- third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Swayne commanding, I ordered to move in and take position on the right of the road. While showing him his position a piece of shell struck him in the leg, rendering amputation necessary, which deprived my of the services of a very brave and valuable officer. After this movement was accomplished I ordered the balance of General Fuller's and Colonel Montgomery's brigades to take a position in the swamp so as to be able to cross the River at any moment, in case I found it practicable. In the meantime the enemy swept the road leading across the River with two pieces of artillery, and occasionally firing a shot to the right and left of the road. After reconnoitering the enemy's position I found his works too strong to assault them in front, so I ordered all the troops out of the swamp, which was about one mile long, only leaving a very strong skirmish line, and placed my command on high ground; I then put all my pioneers to work felling trees and constructing a road through the swamp, the water in most places being from one to eight feet deep. I reported the condition of affairs in the swamp to Major- General Blair that evening, who ordered me to go on constructing bridges and to cross, if possible, the next day.

February 3, I had my pioneers to work by daylight cutting timber to finish the road commanded the day before, and directed Colonel Montgomery to detail one regiment to tear down houses and carry planks to cross the roads through the swamp. At the same time I directed General Fuller to detail one regiment with axes to cut a road to the River above the one being worked by the pioneers, and Colonel Montgomery to also detail all his axmen and cut a road still above the one General Fuller was constructing, with a view of moving my three brigades on

