
three different roads. Before doing this I had relieved the two regiments left in the swamp during the night by the Third Brigade, the Tenth Illinois taking position on the right of the road and the balance of Colonel Tillson's command on the left. At 2 p.m. Lieutenant Christensen, of my staff, reported to me that Lieutenant-Colonel Carleton, of Colonel Tillson's command, had crossed the main River at 12 m. with two companies. I at once ordered Colonel Tillson to send Lieutenant-Colonel Carleton with his whole regiment over, an at the same time ordered General Fuller's and Colonel Montgomery's brigades, who were in camp, down the orad, so as to have them well in hand. I then directed Colonel Tillson to move his remaining regiment over the River, only leaving a skirmish line on this side. After he had effected the crossing I ordered General Fuller with his brigade to cross also. This order was conveyed to him by Captain DeGress, of my staff, who reported to me after he had delivered that order that General Fuller had asked him whether he should form on the left of Colonel Tillson's brigade, and that he told him to use his own judgment abut coming, but that Colonel Tillson was driving the enemy and that General Mower would be over there shortly and wanted the end y pushed as rapidly as possible. I then directed Captain De Gress to order Captain Gillespie, commanding the tenth Illinois Infantry, who was at the right of the road, to cross the River (which he had reported he could do) and push the enemy in his front. He crossed two companies, but reported to be unable to cross any more, meeting too much opposition. Only wishing to divert the enemy from the real point of my attack I ordered Captain Gillespie to desist crossing until he heard heavy firing at the left, but to keep up a heavy and continual fire on the enemy, and also to make as much show as possible of felling trees. Some slight works which I had ordered to be constructed by colonel Shelton the night before were of great advantage in keeping the enemy from using his artillery during the greater part of the day.

Not being able to create the desired diversion at the right I directed Colonel Mongtomery to order the Forty- third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Major Park commanding, forward. I instructed him to have fifty of his men get planks (which were close by) and put them int he rear of the leading company of his regiment, with some axmen. After he had complied with this I directed him to move his regiment forward one company at a time at double- quick, "by file," off to the right and left of the road, and move up to the bridge and if possible cross the River, using the planks he had with him to repair the bridge. Theis movement had the desired effect, although he was not able to cross. The enemy at once concentrated most of his forces in the earth- works opposite the bridge. I then ordered Colonel Montgomery to withdraw the Forty- third Ohio VOLUNTEER Infantry, and only leave five companies of his brigade on the left of the road, and cross the balance of his command rapidly where General Fuller was still crossing. Seeing that everything worked well in front I crossed myself, and found the line halted just below the crest of he hill. I ordered the right forward immediately and passed along the line to the left, for the purpose of seeing General Fuller, when the left began to move, it seems by an order of General Fuller, whom I had not yet seen. I met him a few moments after the movement commenced, and directed him to swing around his left, when he informed me that he had already given that order. But the main fighting was over, with the exception of one volley fired into my left and some skirmishing. I advanced to a belt of timber, where I halted my line, it then being quite dark, but pushed the

