
skirmishers forward at double- quick, who found that the rebels had evacuated their works; and Captain Gillespie, hearing firing at the left, according to my previous orders moved his regiment across the River, an was already in possession of the enemy's works. Colonel Tillson's attack on the enemy before the arrival of General Fuller's and Colonel Montgomery's brigades caused the enemy to fall back from his works, leaving only a skirmish line in our front.

I very much regret that General Fuller took the responsibility of ordering Colonel Tillson to halt his brigade; whereas if he Colonel Tillson) had been allowed to push forward, according to my previous positive orders, the movement might have resulted in the capture of some of the enemy's artillery and wagons, if not of more prisoners.

I cannot speak too highly of Colonel Tillson and his command, which bore the brunt of the engagement. General Fuller and Colonel Montgomery displayed commendable zeal in carrying out orders, although but little opportunity presented itself for them to participate in the fight.

I wish to make particular mention of Major Park, 	commanding Forty- third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, who displayed great gallantry in moving up the causeway toward the enemy's works under a galling fire of artillery; and also of the Thirty- second Wisconsin Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Carleton commanding, and Major Burrows, who crossed the River with their regiments under a heavy fire o musketry.

I am indebted to Lieutenant Christensen, aide- de- camp and acting assistant adjutant- general, of my staff, who first swam the River alone and found dry ground and a good position at which to debouch from the swamp. He was fired upon by the enemy's pickets, and only escaped by swimming back to the friendly side of the River.

Captains De Gress, aide- de- camp, Koehne, Arnold, and Carr, of my staff, were in the swamp nearly all day, hurrying forward the completion of the roads and conveying orders. my thanks are due them for the zeal, intelligence, and gallantry which they displayed. Ibn short, no troops could behave better than did those of my whole division, they being in the water for nearly two days, an great portion of the time waist- deep. They endured this without murmuring, seeming to feel confident that their labors would be crowned with success. Captain Searle and his pioneer corps were for two days and nights in the water constructing roads, and at the conclusion of their labor were well-nigh exhausted,

I have already transmitted a list of casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. A. MOWER,

Major- General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Captain C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Seventeenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, S. C., February 20, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have honor to report that on the morning of the 9th instant I had the advance with my division and was ordered to cross the South Edisto at Binnaker's Bridge. When I arrived within half a mile of the bridge I deployed the Third Brigade into columns of regiments, and then went forward and reconnoitered the enemy's position. I

