
found that the enemy had been driven across the River by the Ninth Illinois Cavalry,* who were then skirmishing with them on the bank. The enemy had slight earth- works and a battery on the opposite side. I ordered up a regiment of infantry and relieved the skirmishers of the Ninth Illinois Cavalry; I also placed a battery in position. Our fire in a short time obliged the enemy to move his battery from the works farther to the rear and up the road. Dry ground being found on the opposite side of the River a short distance below he bridge I sent a request to the major- general commanding the corps that some pontoons might be furnished me. Having everything prepared when they arrived a bridge was soon thrown across and troops passed rapidly over. I found a strip of high ground, but proceeding a short distance in the direction of the mainland a swamp was encountered, the water extending as far as could be seen through the trees and in some places waist- deep. Captain De Gress, of my staff, and Captain Bryant, of Colonel Tillson's staff, made their way through the swamp to dry ground on the other side. They returned and reported the fact to me. I immediately ordered the column forward. The water was at a freezing point. The men consequently progressed slowly, as the darkness, which had now set in, added to the difficulty of crossing. But one regiment and part of another of the leading brigade Colonel Tillson's) had formed on the other side of the swamp when the enemy discovered the movement and advanced a line of battle, covered with a skirmish line, and opened fire upon him (Colonel Tillson). I was on the opposite side of the swamp, hurrying forward the men, wh I heard the firing. I crossed over and found that Colonel Tillson had just arrived at the road. I immediately ordered forward Colonel Montgomery's brigade, which was now forming on the bank, to support Colonel TILLSON, but the enemy had retired, and the affair was over with the exception of a few scattering shots.

Captain De Gress, of my staff, rendered most important service in wading the swamp and finding a practicable route through it. Both officers and men of the whole command displayed their usual endurance and disregard of suffering, their clothing being frozen upon them in a few moments after emerging from the water. I would specially recommend Colonel Tillson, commanding THIRD Brigade, for promotion for the skill and judgment which he displayed in this affair as well as other affairs of similar kind.

I have the honor to transmit herewith reports of brigade and battery commanders; also list of casualties.

I am, very respectfully, our obedient servant,

JOS. A. MOWER,

Major- General, Commanding.

Captain C. CADLE, JE.,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Seventeenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 29, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 75, dated headquarters Seventeenth Army CORPS, Goldsborough, N. C., March 24, 1865, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my command during the recent campaign. I will here state that full reports

*Mounted infantry.

