
of operations have already been made and forwarded up to the date of our arrival at Midway, February 8, where three miles of railroad were destroyed. The affair at Binnaker's Bridge, on the South Edisto, has already been reported.

The command entered Columbia, S. C., February 17, and the 18th, 19th, and 22nd were employed in destroying the Columbia and Charlotte Railroad. On the 3rd of March left camp near Juniper Creek and moved on Cheraw. The First Brigade, Brigadier-General Fuller commanding, being in advance, commenced skirmishing with a small force of the enemy when within five miles of Cheraw; they retired rapidly before us, crossing the bridge over the Pedee and burning it in their rear. Twenty- five pieces of artillery of different caliber were found in this place, together with quite a number of small arms and a large amount of ammunition. On the morning of the 21st of March my command was ordered into position on the right of the line near Bentonville. Learning that a road leading from the right of the line crossed Mill Creek by a ford, I pushed my command down that road for the purpose of closing in on the enemy's flank. I left five companies of the FIRST Brigade to guard the ford, then formed in line of battle, and throwing out skirmishers moved forward, keeping my line parallel, or as nearly so as possible, with the road crossing the creek, In moving forward the brigade on the right (Brigadier- General Fuller's) encountered a very bad swamp, and I found it necessary to halt the Third Brigade some three quarters of an hour to allow the First Brigade to pass the swamp. At this time our skirmishers advancing met those of the enemy; they being thus aware of our approach opened a fire of artillery upon us. As soon as General Fuller had again formed on the right I moved forward, driving the enemy from a line of skirmish pits which they had occupied, and capturing a caisson belonging to the battery which had been firing upon us an which they were unable to get away owing to two of the horses having been shot. Afer gaining the crest of the hill I ordered a halt. At this moment I received a report from colonel Tillson, commanding THIRD Brigade, that his skirmishers did not connect on ht e left. Bing convinced that I had obliged to the right in moving through the swamp I immediately gave the command to move by the left flank, and proceeded myself to the left to see to the execution of the order. Wile this was being done our skirmishers on the front and left were driven in. The enemy advanced in two lines of infantry obliquely on our front and left. I immediately sent for a regiment from General Fuller on the right, not being aware that he was attacked at the same moment, the heavy firing where I was preventing my hearing the firing on the right. Finding that the enemy were about enveloping my left flank I directed the Tenth Illinois to move obliquely to the left and rear, an occupy the reverse side of the skirmish pits, which had been held by the enemy. The attack on the right having been repulsed I directed General Fuller to move by the left flank, pass in rear of the Third Brigade, and form on its left. in this manner I connected with the right of our main line. Having accomplished this I halted, formed in two lines, and distributed ammunition, and was preparing again to move forward upon the enemy, when I received an order to remain in the position in which I then was and intrench.

ColonelIllinois Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, behaved with great coolness and gallantry throughout the affair. I have to regret that he lost so many men captured from his skirmish line, but I am confident it was through no fault of his, but was owing

