
3 p.m. I was ordered to move with my brigade into the road in the swamp, and soon after to cross the River. Captain De Gress, of the general's staff, who brought this order, said, in answer to my inquiry for instructions, that after crossing, "I would act on my own judgment. " The crossing was difficult an slow, owing to the deep water of the swamp and to the very few logs which were available in crossing the main River. As soon as I reached the opposite bank and had learned the situation, I notified Colonel Tillson that, as General Mower was not present, I would assume command, I directed him not to advance his command until the troops o my brigade should be formed on his left, as I intended to swing forward the left of the line in hopes of out flanking and securing such of the rebels as were at and near their works. In order that no mistake might occur I sent to Colonel TILLSON and to Colonel Sheldon the following written order:

When the line moves forward Colonel Tillson, will aim to keep his right on or near the River. Colonel Sheldon will dress to the right on Colonel Tilson, but be careful not to crowd the right. Bayonets will be fixed when the bugle sounds "attention. " If we find the rebels intrenched we must rush forward and carry them by storm. As Colonel Sheldon had to swing his left forward Colonel Tillson will move slowly at the start. The Eighteenth Missouri will move in reserve, behind the interval between he brigades.

Colonel Mongtomery's brigade began to arrive before the First Brigade was formed. He was directed to form on the left of the First Brigade, and the above order was sent to him also, with the additional instruction to form his left regiment faced to the left and to march it thus, i. e., by the right flank. While the line of the Second Brigade was forming Colonel Tillson sent me word ancing by order of General Mower. " I then sounded the advance and moved my own brigade forward to the high and open ground near the enemy's position. I halted when abreast of Colonel Tillson, and then learning that General Mower had not arrived and that the order to advance was one which had been given (so said his adjutant) some hours before, I awaited the arrival of the Second Brigade, which was to form the left of the line. As son as they came up I directed the original order should be carried out. We were advancing rapidly on the left, and were executing a right wheel in fine style and driving the rebels before us, when the major- general arrived and assumed command. Upon reaching the line of woods, which is nearly in rear of the enemy's works, we were ordered to halt, an our skirmishers soon ascertained theat the enemy and abandoned his position and fled. A few willing prisoners were picked up, and about twenty dead and wounded rebels were found in a building which had served as a hospital

Herewith I inclose list of the wounded of this brigade- 7 of the Thirty- ninth Ohio, and 1 (accidental) of the Eighteenth Missouri.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

J. W. FULLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant CHARLES CHRISTENSEN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Seventeenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,February 19, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that only two regiments of this brigade crossed the South Edisto on the night of the 9th instant, the other two being ordered to remain on the South bank until the pontoon

