
brigade was completed, which was ready early the following morning. The two regiments which waded the swamp suffered from the bitter cold weather and the long time in which they were deployed in the water, but they took no part in the skirmish, and consequently I have no casualties to report.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

J. W. FULLER,

Brigadier-General.

[Lieutenant CHARLES CHRISTENSEN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Seventeenth Army Corps.]
HDQRS FIRST BRIG., FIRST DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that during the action of the 21st instant my brigade formed the right of the line. Five companies of the Eighteenth Missouri were ordered to cover the road upon which we had marched; the remaining companies (four) formed the right, the Twenty- seventh Ohio the center, and the Thirty- ninth Ohio the left of my line, comprising an aggregate of about 600 men, besides the regiment serving as skirmishers, the Sixty- fourth Illinois, covering the front and right flank of the brigade. In advancing we soon encountered a swamp, impassable for horses, where we crossed, a dn compelling us to move slowly. As we emerged into an open field one of General Mower's staff brought an order to "double- quick. " This was immediately repeated, and the whole line passed over the field at this step. About this time the enemy used some artillery against us, and as we reached the opposite woods the major- general ordered a halt. This order was repeated by my staff, also by one of General Mower's staff officers along a portion of the line, and also by my bugler, but the me, who had caught sight of an abandoned caisson, were cheering so as to render it impossible to hear the orders, and continued to urn forward till they reached the enemy's intrenched line from which he ran at full speed. Here the major- general rode to the front of my brigade and in person ordered the line again to advance, whereupon we passed over the enemy's intrenchments and occupied the crest of the hill beyond. The alignment was then rectified, and I, in obedience to the major- general's orders, moved by my left flank, following the Third Brigade.

Soon after we halted, and sharp firing was heard from the skirmishers along our front, and also to my left. Captain Reynolds, commanding the skirmishes, reported cavalry moving to our right, and soon after he reported that infantry also was moving in that direction. I thereupon faced the Eighteenth Missouri to the right to better cover that flank. Directly after I received an order to send a regiment to the left, but, as I saw by this time the enemy's line of infantry moving on our right, I deemed it hazardous to risk the movement, and reported that fact to a staff officer of the major- general. A second order, however, came for the regiment, and I moved the Thirty- ninth Ohio a few yards in compliance, when another staff officer, seeing the situation, countermanded it in General Mower's name, and the regiment was again faced to the front. About the same time I directed the right of the line to swing back, so as to present a strong front to the right flank. As this movement was taking place the enemy attacked. A portion of the line was thrown into confusion, as the regiments which were swinging could not be immediately halted. They

