
were speedily rallied, however, some on the slope and the rest at the works which had been thrown up by the enemy near the base of the ridge. In spite of the temporary confusion our right oblique fire was so sharp as to halt the enemy's line and cause him to retire. Our skirmishers immediately reoccupied the hill, an drove such of the enemy as were still lingering over the crest. During this movement- as was verified the following morning- the skirmish line of the Sixty- fourth Illinois advanced to within 200 yards of General Johnston's headquarters, inducing the reel commander and his staff to make a rapid movement to the rear. After the enemy had withdrawn I moved my command by the left flank through the swamp to a position near the open field, passing in rear of the Third Brigade, where we intrenched. The accompanying list of casualties shows our loss to be; Killed, 5; wounded, 30; missing, including 1 officer, 19; total, 54.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. FULLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant CHARLES CHRISTENSEN,

Aide- de- Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 50.

Reports of Major Daniel Weber, Thirty- ninth Ohio Infantry, of operations February 2- 4 and March 21.
HDQRS. THIRTY- NINTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Rivers' Bridge, February 4, 1865.

I have the honor to report that on February 2, while the regiment was following the Twenty- seventh Ohio on the road to Rivers' Bridge, I received an order to move in line through the swamp with the right of the regiment near the road until within about fifty yards of the front line and there halt. This order was executed with some difficulty in consequence of the almost impassable condition of the swamp, the water in many places being more than knee- deep and full of fallen timber and undergrowth. The regiment remained in position until 10 p.m., when it was relieved by the SIXTH- fourth Illinois Infantry and moved to camp about one mile to the rear, where it remained until about 3 p.m. February 4, when the regiment in obedience to orders moved toward the bridge, following the Eighteenth Missouri Infantry. After moving about half a mile, filed to the left on a plank road through swamp nearly to the Salkehatchie RIVER, where the command again had to wade the swamp for some distance. Crossing the River on logs, formed and on the left of the Third Brigade, the Sixty- fourth Illinois Infantry forming on our left; Company K was deployed as skirmishers in front of the regiment. After remaining in this position a short time the line advanced through the swamp until it passed through the timber and arrived on open ground, where it was halted. After being readjusted it again advanced under a fire from the enemy's skirmishers across an open field and through a narrow belt of timber, where it was halted and a rail barricade erected. Remaining there a short time the line changed direction, facing north, coming on the right of the Sixty- fourth Illinois Infantry. During the night the regiment intrenched itself in this position.

