
While I cannot say that any one deserves particular mention I must say that all officers and men conducted themselves in manner alike creditable to themselves and their command.

The casualties are as follows: Eight enlisted men wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL WEBER,

Major Thirty- ninth Ohio Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant H. W. GODFREY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY- NINTH OHIO INFANTRY,March 25, 1865.

I have the honor, in obedience to orders received, to forward report of operations of this command on the 21st of March, 1865, as follows: The regiment moved with the division, taking a road in a northeasterly direction; moved a bout two miles; formed line on the right of the Third Brigade, facing nearly west; moved forward in line through a swamp and dense thickets to elevated ground, where the enemy had been posted behind a barricade of rails and logs, from which he had been driven by the skirmish lie. After reaching this point the line moved at a double- quick in order to secure some pieces of artillery posted about 300 yards to the front, which the enemy and been using, but he succeeded in getting them off. The line hated after reaching the hill and was readjusted. Soon the enemy was seen to advance in line, but after a sharp fight was driven back in a few minutes. The regiment then moved by the flank to the rear and left about half a mile, where it took position on a hill and intrenched.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL WEBER,

Major Thirty- ninth Ohio Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Captain L. S. AMES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 51.

Reports of Colonel Milton Mongtomery, Twenty- fifth Wisconsin Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations January 29- February 3 and February 9.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Rivers; ' Bridge, S. C., February 4, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that on the 29th ultimo I assumed command of this brigade. January 30, in compliance with orders from superior headquarters, we marched at 7 a.m. The brigade being in the rear furnished one regiment for train guard. A	t 1 p.m. went into camp, having marched six miles. 31st, lay in camp.

February 1, marched in center of division at 7 a.m. Skirmishing was kept up during the day by the advance, but the enemy continually

