
fell back and burned or destroyed the bridges across Whippy Swamp. The division moved across the stream on the logs or planks left, and camped on Harrison's plantation. 2nd, marched at 7 o'clock, Third Brigade in advance, followed by the battery and Second Brigade; halted near Williams' plantation. At 11 a.m. moved forward toward Rivers' Bridge, rebels falling back as we advanced. Arriving at the road leading to the bridge, the right wing of the Twenty- fifth Wisconsin, Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Rusk commanding, were employed as skirmishers; the left wing, coming the reserve, moved forward, soon met the out- post of the enemy, and drove them in; followed them up with such rapidity that they were unable to destroy any of the bridges across the River or sloughs. At a point about three quarters of a mile from the enemy's works the road angled to the left, which was commanded by two of their guns. Up this road Company I, of the skirmishers, moved by the flank, and when about half way to the fort were shelled, killing the first sergeant of the company and the chief bugler of the regiment. The skirmish line moved up to the bank of the River on the right and left of the road and held it. The Thirty- fifth New Jersey Volunteers was formed in the rear on the left of the road, the Forty- third and Sixty- third Ohio on the right. In moving the Fifty- third Ohio across the road to the right of the skirmish line, Colonel Wager Swayne, commanding, was wounded by a shell, and his right leg amputated above the knee. The loss of the brigade this day was as follows; Twenty- fifth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, 3 killed, 4 wounded; Forty- third Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, 2 wounded.

February 3, the, Sixty- third Ohio were relieved by the Third Brigade and came to camp. A detail of axmen was furnished from the Twenty- fifth Wisconsin and SIXTH- third Ohio to cut a road through the swamp, and the Thirty- fifth new Jersey detailed to carry boards to lay on the road. About 2 p.m. it was reported that a crossing had been effected by the Third Brigade, and the Second Brigade was ordered out. Forty- third Ohio, Major Horace Park commanding, moved forward to the angle of the road and halted for a short time. Two companies, with bayonets fixed, one on either side of the toad, were then sent forward; directly two companies carrying boards to repair the bridges partially destroyed were sent forward; finally the whole regiment was moved up the road, under fire from the battery n front. Three companies of the SIXTH- third Ohio were also sent up by company, in the same manner, when the order was received to move the rest of the Sixty- third Ohio and the Twenty- fifth Wisconsin through the swamp by the new road, which was done, then formed on the left of the First Brigade, who had preceded the Second Brigade, and were formed in line on t left of the Third Brigade, and were formed in line on the left of the Third Brigade. An advance was then ordered, changing direction continually to the right, until word was received that the enemy had evacuated and the works were ours. We then went into camp and fortified. Our loss this day was as follows; Forty- third Ohio, 6 killed, 8 wounded; Sixty- third Ohio, 9 wounded (3 since died), Total loss two days, 9 killed and 23 wounded; total, 32. The officers and men of the brigade acted bravely, moving forward with great coolness and courage, under a heavy fire of musketry, shot, and shell.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. MONTGOMERY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

