HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, S. C., February 20, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that on the 9th instant this command marched at 8 a.m., and arrived at a point three- quarters of a mile from Binnaker's Bridge before noon, where we halted. During the afternoon the pontoon was laid, and at 5 p.m. moved, following the Third Brigade. When near the River the shells of the enemy were thrown near the command, wounding First Lieutenant John R. Casso, Company A, Twenty- fifth Wisconsin, seriously, in left hand. After crossing the pontoon a swamp was forded with water waist- deep; then formed and moved forward, supporting the Third Brigade, until notice was received that the enemy had evacuated. Went into camp at 11 p.m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. MONTGOMERY,

Colonel Twenty- fifth Wisconsin, Commanding.

Lieutenant CHARLES CHRISTENSEN,

Aide- de- Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 52.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jeremiah M. Rusk, Twenty- fifth Wisconsin Infantry, of operations March 21.
HDQRS. TWENTY- FIFTH WISCONSIN INFANTRY VOLS.,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

SIR; I have the honor to make the following report, in obedience to orders received of this date, of the part taken by this command in the engagement with the enemy on the 21st instant, with lists of casualties in full below:

About 1 p.m. of the 21st instant we were ordered to move out in rear of the ambulance train, and having arrived near the right of the line of the Fourth Division and left of the First Division, took our position, deploying three companies as skirmishers and one company in reserve, covering a bridge over a creek. Our skirmishers connected on the left with General Smith. The remainder of the regiment, six companies, were in support of the Third Michigan Battery and train in the rear. When we found our men advancing on the right, Major Joslin was ordered forward with his skirmishers and succeeded in crossing the swamp near the enemy's line of works in close range, which were held until relieved by First Brigade, First Division. They rejoined the regiment in support of the battery and completed line of works.

List of casualties: Private William Linse, Company G, wounded in arm and breast by musket- ball; not dangerous.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. RUSK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant CHARLES CHRISTENSEN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Seventeenth Army Corps.

