
attention once more to my special command, the army with which I have been associated through some of the most eventful scenes of this or any war.

I hope and believe none of these commanders will even have reason to reproach me for any "orders" they may have received from me, and the President of the United States may be assured that al of them are in position, ready and willing to execute to the letter and in spirit any orders he may give. I shall henceforth cease to give them any orders at all, for the occasion that made them subordinate to me is past, and I shall confine my attention to the army composed of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth, the Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps, unless the commanding general of the Armies of the United States orders otherwise.

At 4 p.m. of May 9 I reached Manchester, on the James River, opposite Richmond, and found that all the four corps had arrived from Raleigh, and were engaged in replenishing their wagons for the resumption of the march toward Alexandria.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Washington, D. C., May 25, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: General Grant directs me to call your attention to the part of your report in which the necessity of maintaining your truce, even at the expense of many lives, is spoken of. The general thinks that in making a truce the commander of an army can control only his own army and that the hostile general must make his own arrangements with other armies acting against him. Whilst independent generals, acting against a common foe, would naturally act in concert, the general deems that each must be the judge of his own duty and responsible for its execution. If you should wish, the report will be returned for any change you deem best.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Washington, D. C., May 26, 1865.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I had the honor to receive your letter of May 25 last evening and I hasten to answer. I wish to precede it by renewing the assurance of my entire confidence and respect for the President and Lieutenant-General Grant, and that in all matters I will be most willing to shape my official and private conduct to suit their wishes. The past is beyond my control and the matters embraced in the official report to which you refer are finished. It is but just the reasons that actuated me, right or wrong, should stand of record, btu in all future cases, should any arise, I will respect the decision of General Grant, though I think it wrong. Supposing a guard has prisoners in charge, and offices of another command should aim to rescue or kill them, is

