
Numbers 53.

Reports of Colonel John Tillson, Tenth Illinois Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations February 2- 4 and 9 and March 21.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Rivers' Bridge, February 4, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that the brigade under my command moved from camp in the field, twenty- one miles north of Pocotaligon, on the Barnwell road, at 7 a.m. on the 2nd instant in the advance of the division, the Twenty- fifth Indiana being on the skirmish line, having four companies deployed. When about a mile from cap the enemy's pickets were struck, and a cavalry force of at least one large regiment was driven steadily for about there miles. At one time they formed in line of battle, and at another point strove to turn our right by a sudden charge, but were promptly repulsed with loss, three falling at a single discharge. The Twenty- fifth followed the retreating enemy down the road to Broxton'; s Bridge, holding position there until relieved at sunset by a regiment of the Fourth Division. When the Twenty- fifth moved down the Broxton's Bridge road the Thirty- second Wisconsin was brought to the front and held the road forward during the demonstration on the right. On advancing the enemy were found in force, barricaded and stubborn. They were driven rapidly, however, the regiment in echelon by division, on the double- quick, in connection with the Ninth Illinois Cavalry, * driving them forward, affording no time for rally or resistance, At the point where the River; Bridge road turns to the right I was ordered to clear the road forward for half a mile and hold position there. This was done and the brigade went into camp, covering the junction of the roads. The Fifteenth Iowa reported to me in the evening from General Smith's division and was placed on the left of my line.

On the morning of the 4th I was ordered into the swamp of the Salkehatchie, two regiments, the Thirty- second Wisconsin and Twenty- fifth Indiana, taking the left of the Rivers' Bridge road and the Tenth Illinois, the right. he enemy were strongly posted on the opposite bank, heavy earth- works of four guns completely raking the road for nearly half a mile. After a wearisome file through the swamp of about half a mile established the brigade on the banks of the first branch off the River, which appears to run in three channels, all unfordable. Here I deployed three companies of the Thirty- second Wisconsin as skirmishers, also placing a picked force of fifteen men, under Lieutenant Johnston, in a rifle- pit in the road, within 200 yards of the rebel battery, with instructions to keep down the enemy's gunners. This last duty was handsomely executed by the trusty officer in command. Shortly after this, by your order, I sent there more companies to the skirmish line, doubling its strength. Their progress was exceedingly difficult, through water sometimes waist- deep, and exposed to a close without server loss, and about 12 o'clock Lieutenant- Colonel Carleton reported that he had made a crossing of the third and last channel, about 800 yards above, and asked for additional men. The remaining three companies of the regiment were sent to him by the adjutant I my temporary absence, and on learning the importance of this movement I moved up with the Twenty- fifth Indiana. The progress was very slow, their troops being compelled to move singly and at intervals, cross.

*Mounted infantry.

