
ing two streams on a single log and picking their way through the tangled undergrowth. The Twenty-fifth Indiana formed in line of battle, with a part of the Thirty-second, withdrawn from the skirmish line on the left. I had made two advances with the main line of about 100 yards each when General Fuller came up with the First Brigade and directed my command to halt while he formed the First Brigade on the left. The ammunition of the skirmishers getting low I was compelled to add a company of the Twenty-fifth. The enemy was being all this time steadily pressed back, but with severe loss to us. Hearing that dry ground was in sight ahead, and at the same time receiving an order from you to advance, I did so at once, sending word to General Fuller that I had been ordered to move and was in motion, and, clearing the skirts of the swamp, drove the enemy over a large open field, securing our lodgment and the vacating of the works on the right. Pressing up as directed to the abandoned fort I found there two companies, being the advance of the Tenth Illinois, which had crossed early in the afternoon, and though unable to move farther had gallantly sustained their position on the northern bank and entered the fort when our advance on the left had forced its abandonment by the enemy. The directions given by you to that regiment to move in connection with the advance of the left of the brigade were fully, and I trust satisfactorily, carried out by its efficient commander.

I mention with pleasure the conduct of officers and men, marked as it was by courage, enterprise, and endurance under singularly trying and difficult circumstances. The action of my brigade staff was all that I could wish, and to regimental commanders, Lieutenant-Colonels Charleston and Wright and Captain Gillespie; also to the officers in charge of the skirmishers, Majors Burrows and Crenshaw and Captain Race, high praise is due. Colonel Carleton's dispositions were excellent. Permit me also to mention our obligation to Lieutenant Christensen, whose conduct and suggestion contributed so much to our early crossing and successful lodgment.

Our loss has been 1 commissioned officer killed and 2 wounded, 8 enlisted men killed and 74 wounded (several of whom have since died), and 1 man captured. Many of the enemy were left dead on the field; 14 prisoners were taken. I append a tabular statement of casualties. *

JOHN TILLSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Seventeenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Near Columbia, S. C., February 18, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with order for report of the part taken by the brigade under my command at the passage of the South Edisto on the 9th instant, I respectfully submit the following, premising that most of the movements were made under the eye and personal direction of the general commanding the division:

I moved from Midway on the 9th instant at 8 a.m. in advance of the division, up the Augusta road, turning to the right down the road leading to Binnaker's Bridge. When within half a mile of the River I was ordered to form and advance my command in column of regiments on the right of the road; half a regiment deployed as skirmishers and

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

26 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

