
half a regiment also sent off to cover a road leading on the left to the River. My skirmish line reached the bank with but little opposition, but was there checked, the River being some forty or fifty yards in width, unfordable, the bridge completely destroyed, and a battery and rifle-pits, about 200 yards distant, effectually commanding the crossing. The opposite banks above and below for along distance were submerged. The construction of rafts, which was commenced by the general's direction, was much embarrassed by the fire, both of artillery and musketry. The skirmishers reported about noon seeing about 150 yards below the bridge and out of sight of the enemy a fence coming nearly to the River-bank on the opposite side, and judging that ground there must be higher, a road was cut to the bank, plank brought down, and rafts made. Those made above also being caught as they floated down, a squad of men was ferried over and a rope stretched across. Pontoons were then brought through the swamp and three companies of the Thirty-second Wisconsin crossed quietly and rapidly, having to wade about twenty yards after reaching the bank. On the laying of the pontoon bridge my entire command was passed over, and moved immediately to the right for about three-quarters of a mile, flanking the enemy's position, and finally, after having to wade for fifty roads in water, most of the distance more than mid-leg deep, I struck an open field about 8 p.m. I then was obliged to wait for some time to secure the closing up of my command and the assurance of a supporting position of the brigade following. While thus lying in plain sight of the enemy's picket-fires and keeping close under the shadow of the woods, the skirmish line of the enemy was seen advancing on us. Trusting that they would not come close to my position, I had given directions to my men to return no fire except under orders. I had at the time a single company in my front deployed, three being to my left, covering that flank. I immediately directed my men to lie down. The enemy came on to within fifty feet of us, challenged and commenced firing. I ordered a return fire, which immediately drove them back with the loss of their commander, Major Hulsey, killed and three being to my left, covering that flank. I immediately directed my men to lie down. The enemy came on to within fifty feet of us, challenged and commenced firing. I ordered a return fire, which immediately drove them back with the loss of their commander, Major Hulsey, killed and three prisoners. Could I then have advanced I might perhaps have secured more prisoners, but deeming it more prudent to secure the lodgment already made, and having only one regiment and half of another yet out of the swamp, I advanced my skirmishers only until my entire brigade was out and Colonel Montgomery had landed his leading regiment, when I pushed to the road and woods about one-third of a mile distant, under a light fire, took possession of the enemy's camp, scattering his entire rear guard through the woods and capturing one caisson in perfect condition. The force opposed to us was reported to be two brigades from Hood's army under General Jackson.

I earnestly commence the behavior of my men. Scarcely anything could be more trying than their wading in the dark through the deep cold water, stumbling at every step and their clothing afterward frozen stiff. Their zeal and skill in obtaining the passage of the River and quiet and soldierly conduct after was eminently praiseworthy. Private Wait, of Company E, of the Thirty-second Wisconsin, who swam out and brought in one of the rafts, deserves mention.

My loss was 1 killed and 5 wounded, all enlisted men.

I am, respectfully,

JOHN TILLSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Lieutenant CHARLES CHRISTENSEN,]

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Seventeenth Army Corps.

