HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Near Goldsborough, March 25, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that my brigade moved from camp near Bentonville about 10 a.m. March 21 on a road to the rear and right of the Fifteenth Corps, in a northwesterly direction toward the ford on Mill Creek. After passing the pickets about three-quarters of a mile the command was halted and a line of battle formed facing almost to the southwest, the First Brigade being on my right, and two companies of the Tenth Illinois advanced as skirmishers. Pushing forward through the open fields and into the woods for a bout 400 yards, the enemy's pickets were met and driven back. Here the line was halted to enable the First Brigade to close up on the right, and I was directed to add a company to the skirmish line (prolonging it to the left), to which I subsequently added a fourth to insure the proper protection of my left flank and make a connection with our line in that direction. After a somewhat lengthy delay, during which we were subjected to a steady shelling from the enemy in front, the connection of the main line was completed and the command moved on through an exceedingly miry and tangled swamp, almost impassable for horsemen. While here my skirmishers reported that their right flank was not connected with the skirmishers of the First Brigade, and, as it afterward appeared, this was the case during the entire movement (to which unfortunate circumstance I must attributed my loss among the right companies of skirmishers). I had only time to report the fact to the general commanding (as further delay was impracticable) and urge watchfulness in that quarter, as the connection would soon be made. The main line, on emerging from the swamp, came up with the advance, which had been held at bay by a thick and well-filled line of rifle-pits, and carried the pits at once, though stubbornly held, taking several prisoners. Receiving an order to move by the left flank I did so, but soon finding that the brigade on my right was moving forward I conformed my movement thereto. The general direction to this time had been about southwest, the left swinging somewhat forward.

On closing with the First Brigade (about 150 yards forward of the rifle-pits) I was directed to move by the left and flank, thus obliquing slightly to the rear for nearly the length of my brigade. The line was then halted and brought to a front. Hardly was this done when the skirmishers on the left were driven in, and being urged forward again, fell back, reporting heavy odds before them. Just at this time also both the officers commanding the two right skirmishing companies came in reporting their lines broken by a cavalry charge and an advance of infantry on both flanks. My left was now, by the general's personal order, moved back, and immediately after the enemy charged in two battalion lines, striking the left almost perpendicularly and extending to the center, with a very heavy skirmish line running opposite my right front. My left thus flanked was compelled to slowly give ground and began to swing back toward the center. At this moment the center of the Twenty-fifth Indiana, which was my center regiment, was reported breaking, and hastening there I endeavored to add to the earnest efforts of its field officers to restore order, which was in a great degree effected, though much embarrassed by a confused rush of men coming from somewhere beyond my right and sweeping close along the rear of my line. Seeing that the Tenth Illinois on the left was receiving the wight of the fire and being rapidly forced back, and fearing that their line, already wavering though yet continuous,

