
would be broken by the severity of the fire and the difficult ground, I passed over to them rallied and reformed in the rifle-pits directly in the rear of the position from which they had been forced. I ordered a rapid addition to the strength of the pits and threw out a light line of observation covering their front and the left of the Twenty-fifth Indiana. The line now stood as follows: The Thirty-second Wisconsin on the right, unmoved as at First, its left thrown back about thirty degrees; the Twenty-fifth Indiana on the prolongation of the left of the Thirty-second, but more retired; and the Tenth fronting as at first but about 150 yards to the rear of its advanced position, a narrow swamp separating its right from the Twenty-fifth India. I here received an order to hold these pits and passed my rear, to move by the left across his rear and take up position on his left. During this time the musketry had nearly ceased, but a brisk artillery fire was kept up on us. When the movement was made by the First Brigade, I followed and formed on its right in two lines, intrenching and picketing strongly well around my right. About 5 p.m. I received orders to pass by General Fuller and take position on his left next to General Force's command, forming in two lines and fortifying. With this ended the movements of the day.

Considering the brevity of the action my loss was heavy. The "missing" were mostly captured on the skirmish line by cavalry which had got into the rear of the line. My men all did their duty well. Our wounded, retaken from the enemy, report their loss far beyond our own and not only that the attack was stayed, but the rebel lines badly disordered. The falling back was unavoidable, but all the regiments were in hand.

To the regimental commanders commendation is due. Lieutenant-Colonel Carleton, Lieutenant-Colonel Wright, and Captain Gillespie proved, as always, sure reliance.

Major Crenshaw's personal action in seizing and planting the colors prevented, I think, the Twenty-fifth's center from breaking.

My own staff were everywhere active, skillful, and cool, and deserve my thanks.

My loss is as follows: Killed, 8; wounded, 65; missing, 22; total, 95.

Respectfully,

JOHN TILLSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant CHARLES CHRISTENSEN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Seventeenth Army Corps.

Numbers 54. Reports to Brigadier General Manning F. Force, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations January 14 and January 30-March 24.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pocotaligo, S. C., January 15, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that Colonel Proudfit, Twelfth Wisconsin, proceeded to Salkehatchie, found the River about 100 feet wide, the turnpike bridge about 150 feet long, the bridge partially destroyed at each end, and piled with cord-wood. The railroad bridge

