
mand of Captains Sinclair and Johnson, sent out by Brigadier General B. F. Potts, commanding First Brigade, early in the morning. A point was found where the River by spreading out into several channels, making a swamp about one mile and a half wide, could be forded, the water being from three to four feet deep. The head of the division entered this swamp at 2 o'clock, and reached the opposite side about 3. 30, but owing to the difficulties to be surmounted in its passage the command was not all over until about 5 o'clock. The enemy's skirmishers had been driven back and a line of battle formed in an open field beyond. Brisk skirmishing from the direction of Broxton's Bridge was then opened on the right of my line and kept up with more or less spirit until dark. This, with the lateness of the hour, prevented my moving to River's Bridge to co-operate with General Mower, as directed by General Blair. The movement compelled the evacuation of Broxton's Bridge, and General Mower had in the meantime effected a crossing above Rivers' Bridge and driven the enemy from that point. Early next morning, by General Blair's order, the division marched up to that place, taking up and intrenching a position on the right of General Mower. On the 6th instant we moved to the Little Salkehatchie, and on Tuesday, February 7, advanced to Midway, cutting the South Carolina Railroad at that point. The enemy were very active in burning bridges and blockading the roads along our entire route skirmishing at every creek, swamp, or River. Thursday, February 9, crossed the South Fork of the Edisto, and on the 11th reached the North Fork. The enemy were again intrenched on the opposite side and the bridge burned. Next morning the Third Division effected a crossing a few miles below, when the enemy fell back. I pushed over my skirmishers through the swamps up to the waist, and advanced them into Orangeburg, the Third Division arriving immediately after. I caused the bridge to be repaired, and crossed my command during the afternoon. Monday, February 13, marched fourteen miles, destroying the Columbia Branch Railroad as we advanced. By General Blair's order I detached Brigadier General B. F. Potts' brigade to the Congaree River to destroy the railroad bridge. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry were dispatched by General Blair on the same errand. The enemy were driven across the bridge, which they burned to evade pursuit.

Before noon of Thursday, February 16, moved up to the Congaree River, opposite Columbia, the enemy having crossed the night previous, burning all the bridges behind them. The next morning, February 17, while the remainder of the army were laying pontoons across Saluda and Broad Rivers, three miles above town, Brigadier General W. W. Belknap, commanding Third Brigade, crossed over the Thirteenth Iowa Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Kennedy, in a smal-boat that he had fitted up for the purpose, and driving the rear-guard of the enemy from the town, entered and planted their colors upon both the old and new capitols in advance of all other troops; a portion of the Thirty-second Illinois, Captain J. J. Rider, was also crossed. Remained near Columbia, destroying railroads, until the 20th, when the march was continued to Winnsborough and the railroad destroyed to that place; then turned in an easterly direction toward Cheraw, where the corps arrived on Friday, March 3. The advance division, General Mower's, drove the enemy out of their works at Thompson's Creek and across Great Pedee, they again burning the bridge behind them. As soon as pontoons were laid we crossed the Great Pedee, and continued our march, the roads being very muddy on account of the heavy rains; crossed Beaver Dam Creek, Gum

