
The loss of this command during the n light; 2 killed, 7 wounded. A full list of casualties inclosed.

The brigade almost entirely subsisted off the country, living in the most satisfactory manner from the rich cellars and store-houses of the Palmetto State. The brigade destroyed twelve miles of railroad and built fifteen miles of corduroy.

I heartily thank the officers and men of my command for their obedience and hearty co-operation in all the movements of this command. The command met a severe loss in the death of Lieutenant D. R. Potts, aide-de-camp on my staff, and Lieutenant Palmer, Fifty-third Illinois Volunteers, who lost a leg. Both these officers fell while nobly discharging their duty on the evening of March 21, 1865.

The brigade has suffered during the campaign for want of shoes and other clothing which we should have received at Savannah. Upward of 300 of my command marched for days shoeless, but without a murmur.

I am, captain, with high respect, your obedient servant,

B. F. POTTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. WARE, Jr.,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division, Seventeenth Army Corps.

Numbers 57. Report of Captain Henry Duncan, Fifty-third Indiana Infantry, of operations January 29-March 24.
HDQRS. FIFTY-THIRD INDIANA VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 27, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders from headquarters First Brigade, Fourth Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Fifty-third Indiana Veteran Volunteer Infantry in the late campaign:

On the 29th of January the regiment left Pocotaligo, S. C., in company with the other regiments of the brigade, and arrived at Broxton's Bridge across the Salkehatchie on the 2nd of February, when we relieved a regiment of the First Division-Twenty-fifth Indiana. The enemy were strongly fortified and determined to resist our passage; they kept up a heavy fire of artillery and musketry, but did no damage.

The Fourth Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, having effected a crossing above, caused the enemy to evacuate on the nigh of the 3rd of February, and at daylight on the morning of the 4th I ordered a company across the River. At 3 p.m. I effectually destroyed the bridge in obedience to instructions and started to rejoin the brigade by way of Rivers' Bridge, arriving there at 6 p.m. same day. On the 7th of February Captain Fabrique, in command of the forage party, reached Midway, a station on the Charleston and Augusta Railroad, without having encountered any opposition. The march was continued without any occurrence beyond the usual until we reached the South Edisto River, where we found the enemy posted. A crossing was effected between their works, which caused them to evacuate. We then crossed to Orangeburg and went into camp for the night. Next morning (February 13) at 7 o'clock started in the direction of Columbia, destroying the railroad as we went. On the 14th the regiment, in com-

