
pany with the rest of the brigade, left the main column to support the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, who were ordered to destroy the railroad bridge across the Congaree River; but upon reaching it, the enemy had destroyed it. Nothing of note occurred until we reached the River opposite the city of Columbia. With the exception of occasional musket-shots everything indicated that the place was evacuated, or, if occupied, by but few troops. The Fifteenth Army Corps having succeeded in laying down a pontoon bridge across the Saluda and Broad Rivers, the army moved into the city on the 17th. On the 18th we moved out and continued the destruction of the railroad to Winnsborough, at which point the direction of march was changed from north to east. We reached Lynch's Creek February 26; found it much swollen with the recent rains; troops waded to their waists in water; half day occupied in crossing. On the 28th of February furnished a detail of 250 men, who built one mile of corduroy; made a quick march to Cheraw. First Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, skirmished with the enemy. After crossing the Great Pedee River had an unobstructed march to Fayetteville, N. C. Here the regiment, after a quick march of five miles in one hour, reached the town; deployed, but found no enemy. Skirmished across the River for an Chapel, about twenty-two miles from Goldsborough. The army being ordered to concentrate at Falling Creek, the Seventeenth Army Corps left their train behind and reached and took position in front of the enemy near Bentonville, N. C.

On the 20th of March intrenched, and Companies I and C skirmished with the enemy. On the 21st advanced and again intrenched. The regiment remained in the works during the greater part of the night, expecting an attack from the enemy. On the morning of the 22nd the enemy evacuated. Marched to Goldsborough and encamped a mile from town, where we now are. We have torn up four miles of railroad and built eight miles of corduroy, and marched a distance of 500 miles.

A list of casualties is herewith submitted.

I have the honor to be very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY DUNCAN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant A. S. KINSLOE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 58. Report of Brigadier General William W. Belknap, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of operations January 60-March 24.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following brief report relative to the movement of this brigade on the late campaign:

Leaving Savannah on the 6th of January, it moved from Pocotaligo on the 29th of the same month, and entered Orangeburg on February 12, and Columbia, the capital of the State of South Carolina, on the 17th of February. Camped near Cheraw, S. C., on March 3, near Fayetteville, N. C., on March 11, and entered Goldsborough, N. C., on

