
March 24, having been transported sixty miles, and marched 484 1/2 miles, corduroying the road, rebuilding bridges, and traveling much of the distance through swamps, which had to be waded by the men.

On February 7 the Eleventh Iowa Infantry, under Lieutenant Colonel Ben. Beach, marched from Midway to the bridge over the Edisto River, which was defended by the rebels, and compelled them to evacuate their position and destroy the bridge.

On February 16 [17] a detachment of the Thirteenth Iowa Infantry, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Kennedy, accompanied by Lieuts. William H. Goodrell and H. C. McArthur, of the Fifteenth Iowa, of my staff, crossed the Congaree River to Columbia, while a portion of the enemy were in the city, marched through town and planted, in advance of all others, the colors of that regiment on both the old and new capitol buildings. Colonel Kennedy and his men deserve great credit for the successful accomplishment of this movement.

On March 20, near Bentonville, N. C., the brigade went into position, and on the 21st, a new line being established, the skirmish line was ordered to advance, which it did, driving rebel skirmishers from their pits, and actually charging a heavy line of battle of the enemy, only retiring when opposed by an overwhelming force. Our loss on the skirmish line was twenty-five. Few fields show more traces of severe fighting than the ground occupied by this gallant line.

My thanks are especially due Lieutenant W. H. Goodrell, brigade picket officer, for the manner in which he handled his men on that day,.

On the campaign, the following amount of railroad has been destroyed: February 8, 3 1/2 miles of South Carolina Railroad, between Midway and the Edisto River; February 13, 2 miles of Columbia Branch South Carolina Railroad, near Orangeburg; February 18 1/2 miles Charlotte Railroad, between Columbia and Winnsborough; February 19, 1 mile Charlotte Railroad; February 20, 1 mile same road; February 22, 2 miles same road. Total, 11 miles.

The duties of the campaign have been performed and the trials of the march endured cheerfully by both officers and men, for which they all have my thanks.

A list of casualties on the campaign is inclosed herewith.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. BELKNAP,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Brigade.

Captain ADDISON WARE, Jr.,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division, 17th Army Corps.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Columbia, S. C., February 17, 1865.

Brigadier General W. W. BELKNAP,

Commanding Third Brigade:

SIR: Allow me to congratulate you and, through you, Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Kennedy, Thirteenth Iowa Veteran Volunteers, and the men under his command, for first entering the city of Columbia on the morning of Friday, February 17, and being the first to plant his colors on the capitol of South Carolina. While the army was laying pontoon bridges across the Saluda and Broad Rivers, three miles above the city, Lieutenant-Colonel Kennedy, under your direction, fitted up an old worn-out flat-

27 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

