
boat capable of carrying about twenty men, and, accompanied by Lieuts. H. C. McArthur and William H. Goodrell, of your staff, crossed the River in front of the city and boldly advanced through its streets, sending back the boat, with another procured on the opposite shore, for more troops; and on their arrival, with seventy-five men in all, drove a portion of Wheeler's cavalry from the town, and at 11. 30 a.m. planted his two sand of colors-one upon the old and the other upon the new capitol. The swift current of the Congaree River and its rocky channel rendered his crossing both difficult and dangerous, and the presence of the enemy, but in what force unknown, rendered the undertaking still more hazardous. Lieutenant-Colonel Kennedy and his regiment are entitled to great credit for its successful accomplishment.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILES A. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.

Numbers 59. Report of Lieutenant William W. Hyzer, Battery C, First Michigan Light Artillery, of operations February 9.
HDQRS. BATTERY C, FIRST MICHIGAN LIGHT ARTILLERY,Near Columbia, February 17, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor most respectfully to state that upon the 9th of February I was ordered into position upon the South side of Edisto River, in front of the enemy's batteries, and was engaged with the enemy about seven hours, expending ninety rounds of ammunition. Casualties: One man wounded severely and 1 slightly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. HYZER,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

CHARLES CHRISTENSEN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Seventeenth Army Corps.

Numbers 60. Report of Major General Henry W. Slocum, U. S. Army, commanding Left Wing (Army of Georgia) of operations December 21, 1864-March 23, 1865.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., April 9, 1865.

General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I send to-day the report of General Slocum, commanding Left wing, and his two corps commanders, Davis and Williams, with full maps and sub-reports. I must be off and cannot do justice to these papers and commenced them to your special notice, that justice may be done the junior officers of my whole army, who, as a class, are the best young men I have ever known.

Brigadier General James D. Morgan, commanding a division in the Fourteenth Corps, is earnestly recommended for promotion by brevet as

