
of the one taken by the Fourteenth Corps. When the heads of the two columns were within three miles of Columbia I received orders from General Sherman to cross the Saluda River, at Mount Zion Church, and push onto Winnsborough, crossing the Broad River at some point below Alston. I at once ordered the Twentieth Corps into camp and moved the Fourteenth to Mount Zion Church, where a bridge was constructed and one division of the Fourteenth Corps crossed during the night. The other two divisions followed on the morning of the 17th, and moved forward to the Broad River near the Wateree Creek. The cavalry followed the Fourteenth Corps and moved to our left, the Twentieth Corps crossing immediately after the cavalry. A pontoon bridge was constructed across the Broad River, near the mouth of Wateree Creek, at a place known as Freshly's Mills. My entire command was across the Broad River before 2 p.m. on the 20th of February, and on the following morning both corps moved forward to Winnsborough, which was occupied without opposition. Before our columns reached the town several buildings had been burned, but by the exertions of our soldiers, assisted by the citizens, the fire was prevented from spreading. The Charlotte and South Carolina Railroad was destroyed from Winnsborough to White Oak by the Twentieth Army Corps, and from White Oak to Cornwall by the Fourteenth Army Corps. On the 22nd Ward's division, of the Twentieth Corps, was moved rapidly forward to the Catawba River at a point known as Rocky Mount Ferry. A pontoon bridge was at once constructed at this point, and on the 23rd the Twentieth Corps commenced crossing. The River-banks on both sides were very precipitous. Unfortunately soon after our arrival at the River a heavy fall of rain made the crossing still more difficult and endangered our bridge.

The Twentieth Corps, together with all the cavalry and one division of the Fourteenth Corps, succeeded in crossing under great difficulties, when our bridge was swept away by flood wood brought down by the freshet. The Twentieth Corps, from the 23rd to the 26th, only succeeded in reaching Hanging Rock, a point sixteen miles distant from the River, having been compelled to corduroy the road nearly the whole distance. I accompanied this corps on its march, and at this point first learned of the destruction of our bridge. The Twentieth Corps was ordered to remain in its camp at Hanging Rock on the 17th, and I returned to the Catawba to expedite, if possible, the crossing of the Fourteenth Corps. On my arrival here I found that General Davis and his officers were fully impressed with the importance of effecting a crossing with the least possible delay, and were laboring incessantly to accomplish it. On my arrival it was impossible to communicate with the troops on the opposite bank. A pontoon-boat, manned by the best oarsmen of the train, in attempting to cross was swept far below the point at which the bridge was to be constructed, and the men narrowly escaped drowning. Fortunately the water commenced falling, and during the night of the 27th the bridges was again in position and the troops and trains at once moved across. General Davis was ordered to move direct to Sneedsborough by way of McManus' Bridge and Mount Croghan, and if possible to reach that point simultaneously with the Twentieth Corps, which had been ordered to move to the same point by way of Chesterfield.

Every possible effort was made to accomplish this result. General Davis marched his command from daylight until late at night each day, and reached the point designated on the 4th of March. The Twentieth Corps crossed Big Lynch's Creek at Miller's Bridge and

