
advanced toward Chesterfield. On approaching the town a few of the enemy's cavalry were met and driven rapidly through the town and over Thompson's Creek. On the 4th of March the corps reached a point near Sneedsborough. A bridge was constructed over the Great Pedee at a point three miles below Sneedsborough, and the Fourteenth Corps crossed at that point. In order to gain time the Twentieth Corps was sent to Cheraw to cross at that point, with instructions to move at once to McFarland's Bridge over Lumber River. The Fourteenth Corps moved to Love's or Blue's Bridge, a few miles above. McFarland's Bridge was destroyed two or three days before General Williams reached the River, but General Davis found Blue's Bridge but slightly injured, and crossed one division over it on the evening of the 8th of March. On the following day the Fourteenth Corps moved on the plank road to a point about sixteen miles from Fayetteville. On the 10th this corps moved to the Nine-Mile Post and was massed near that point, one brigade of Baird's division being thrown well in advance on the road toward Fayetteville. On the 11th, at 10. 30 a.m. Baird's division, after some slight skirmishing with the enemy, entered Fayetteville, the other two divisions and the entire Twentieth Corps encamping near the town. General Baird was directed to take command of the city and garrison it with his command. He was instructed to destroy all public and private property useful to the enemy, but to protect all other private property. The duties imposed upon him were all performed in a satisfactory manner. He destroyed under these orders 2 foundries, 4 factories, and considerable railroad property.

On the 13th and 14th of March both corps crossed the Cape Fear River, encamping on the road leading toward Averasborough. On leaving Fayetteville I was informed that Goldsborough was our next objective point, and was instructed by the commanding general to move with a strong column unencumbered by wagons, on a road by way of Averasborough and Bentonville, sending my wagons by a road to the right of the one taken by my light column. I accordingly ordered two divisions of each corps to move, with only such wagons as were absolutely necessary, on the road to Averasborough, while the remaining division of each corps with the trains was sent on the direct road to Cox's Bridge. On the night of the 15th the four divisions, Jackson's and Ward's, of the Twentieth Corps, and Morgan's and Carlin's, of the Fourteenth, encamped near Taylor's Hole Creek. Hawley's brigade, of Jackson's division, was sent forward late in the evening to support the cavalry. On the 16th the enemy was discovered intrenched about one mile and a half from the point at which the road to Bentonville branches off from the Smithfield and Raleigh road. Hawley's brigade commenced skirmishing with them at an early hour. The roads were almost impassable, and it was nearly 10 o'clock before other troops could reach the field. As soon as Ward's it was thrown to the left of the road, its right connecting with Hawley's left. As the two remaining brigades of Jackson's division came up they relieved the cavalry, which moved to the right of our line. Selfridge met the enemy as he moved into position and drove him back into his line of works. As soon as the troops were posted (the artillery occupying a position commanding a good view of the enemy's line) I ordered Case's brigade, which was on the left of our line, to advance and, if possible, turn the enemy's line. This he accomplished in a very hand some manner and as soon as he was discovered to have accomplished his purpose, and the enemy commenced moving, our artillery did fine execution. The enemy was speedily driven back about one mile to a

