
ordered to support a battery in rear of Buell's position. I had given orders to General Williams to move with the balance of his corps to the right of Morgan with a view of turning the left of the enemy's position. This order was at once countermanded, and Williams was directed to send all of his wagons to the right on the road taken by the Fifteenth Corps, and bring forward with the least possible delay every regiment of his command. All forages were dismounted and placed in the ranks. Williams was ordered to take position on Morgan's left resting his left flank on a ravine. Not more than one-half of his command was in position, however, when the enemy left his works in strong columns and attacked Buell, driving both him and a portion of Robinson's brigade back, and capturing three pieces of artillery. Before he had reached the line I had designated, however, General Williams had succeeded in getting a sufficient force in position to check his advance. In the meantime Davis had ordered Morgan to refuse the left of his line, and had thrown the reserve brigade of Morgan's division into line of battle on the left of the two brigades of Morgan's division already in line. The connection between Morgan's left and the right of Williams' line not being complete I ordered Cogswell's brigade, of the Third Division, Twentieth Corps, which was in reserve, to report to General Davis, to enable him to complete the connection between the two corps. This brigade was at once moved forward and filled the gap, giving us a continuous line. The enemy was repulsed at all points along our line, but continued his assaults a late hour in the evening.

The fighting was most severe in Morgan's front, and too much credit cannot be awarded General Morgan and his command for their conduct upon this occasion. Our artillery was well posted and did excellent execution on the assaulting columns of the enemy. Buell's brigade and the three regiments of Robinson's, which were at first driven back, were readily reformed and placed in line, where they did good service. Soon after dark the enemy retired to his works, leaving in our hands a large number of killed and wounded. General Kilpatrick reported to me while I was placing my troops in position, and was directed to mass his cavalry on my left and rear, which was done at once, and the cavalry occupied this position until the retreat of the enemy. On the following morning Generals Baird and Geary, each with two brigades of their respective divisions, and General Hazen, of the Fifteenth Corps, with his entire division, arrived on the field. Hazen was moved to the right ofas moved out in front of our works beyond the advance position held by us on the preceding day. Orders were given to Hazen, Morgan, and Baird to press the enemy closely, which was done, Morgan gaining possession of a portion of his line on our right. In the morning of the 21st the Right Wing came up and connected with Hazen. The enemy during this day was forced into his works along the entire line and closely pressed, particularly on his extreme left. During the following night he retreated across Mill Creek, burning the bridge in his rear.

The conduct of our troops on this occasion was most gratifying to me. General Davis and General Williams handled their commands with great skill. After our line was formed the troops, without exception, met the enemy with coolness and bravery. No ground was lost after the first attack, and all that had been lost in this attack was speedily regained.

On the 22nd both corps moved to Cox's Bridge, and on the following morning crossed the Neuse at that point and moved into Goldsborough.

