
My loss during the entire campaign was as follows: Killed, 242; wounded, 1,308; missing, 802; total, 2,352.

For detailed statements as to our losses I respectfully refer to the reports of Brevet Major-General Davis, commanding the Fourteenth Corps, and Brevet Major-General Williams, commanding Twentieth Corps, herewith inclosed. These reports also contain interesting statistics as to the amount of supplies drawn from the country and the amount of property useful to the enemy destroyed by their respective commands.

During this campaign my command has marched about 500 miles, subsisting mainly upon the country and traversing a region which the enemy regarded inaccessible to us, on account of the natural obstacles presented to the march of a large army. These obstacles were but little overrated by them, but by the indomitable perseverance and energy of our troops all were overcome.

I have not attempted in this report to enter into such details as to the labors and privations endured by the troops as justice to them really demands, but the brief period allowed me for this work must be my excuse.

I have witnessed on the campaign scenes which have given me a more exalted opinion than I ever before entertained of the earnest patriotism which actuates the soldiers of this army. I have repeatedly seen soldiers of my command, who were making parched corn supply the place of bread, and who were nearly destitute of shoes or a change of clothing, go cheerfully to their labor in the swamps of South Carolina, working hour after hour in mud and water to bring forward our immense trains, and yet during all these privations and hardships I have never heard from an officer or soldier one word of complaint.

To the members of my staff-Major Robert P. Dechert, acting assistant adjutant-general; Major E. W. Guindon, Captain William W. Moseley, and Captain William G. Tracy, aides-de-camp; Captain P.m. Thorne, acting chief of ordnance, and Lieutenants Howgate and Foraker, of the Signal Corps-I am greatly indebted. All have discharged their duties to my entire satisfaction. *

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Goldsborough, N. C., April 8, 1865.

This concise, accurate, and most interesting report of General Slocum, with the very full and complete reports of his subordinate commanders, Generals Davis and Williams, make a perfect history of the operations of the Left Wing, and I take pleasure in commencing them to the favorable notice of the War Department.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*For maps accompanying this report see Plate LXXIX, maps 4 and 5, and Plate LXXX, of the Atlas.

---------------

