
and camped. Immediately received orders from General Williams to report at headquarters Left Wing at daylight. March 12, in compliance with orders I moved my command through Fayetteville and went into camp near the River, there to await orders preparatory to laying the bridge. At 12 m. I received orders from the chief engineer, Captain Ludlow, to commence laying the bridge just below the one destroyed by the enemy. This bridge was completed by 2 p. m. the same day, making a span of 400 feet. March 13, we lay in camp and on the 14th I moved with all my train not in use, leaving Captain McDonald and three companies to take up the bridge as soon as the troops and train were all crossed. The roads were in a terribly bad condition, in consequence of which we did not reach camp until 6 o'clock on the morning of the 15th. March 16, marched some ten miles in connection with the trains of the Twentieth Army Corps, General Geary in charge, and camped for the night.

March 17, we lay in camp, and during the day were joined by that portion of the train left at Cape Fear River. March 18, marched five miles and went into camp, and on the 19th marched nine miles. March 20, to-day train with the trains of the Twentieth Army Corps were closely parked, and in connection with other troops threw up a line of rifle-works almost the entire distance around the train. AT 6 p.m. we pulled out and went five miles. March 21, marched at 6 a.m. on the road to Goldsborough and at 12 m. received orders to report to Major-General Terry, at Cox's Bridge, on the Neuse River, some nine miles above Goldsborough. I marched through the trains of the Twentieth Army Corps and reached Cox's Bridge at 7 p.m., and immediately commenced laying a bridge and completed at 11 p.m. -260 feet in length. March 22, we laid a second bridge, 240 feet in length, and on the 23rd the Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps crossed. I receive orders to take up the bridge when General Terry's troops were crossed and move down on the South side to Goldsborough. The bridge was take up on the night of the 24th and I moved on the 25th to my present camp. When I started on the campaign my train was made up of very poor mules that were drawn from convalescent droves at Atlanta, Ga., November last. I have received quite a number of good mules from the two corps, so that my train is in a better condition than when I left Savannah.

Recapitulation of pontoon bridging done during the campaign: Pontoon bridge, in length, 5,490 feet; wooden bridge built, in length, 1,200 feet.

The principal part of this bridging was done after night and over streams that were very rapid and difficult to bridge. Besides this work, I had during the entire campaign from three to five companies employed as pioneers in corduroying and repairing the roads which were over almost one continual swamp.

My losses during the campaign were: Died of disease, 1; crippled by accident, 1; captured and missing, 21; total, 23.

I cannot but speak in terms of highest praise of both officers and men of my command; always performing their work with a willingness and cheerfulness, though often after night after long and fatiguing marches.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH MOORE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Pontoon Train.

Major ROBERT P. DECHERT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Left Wing.

