
having gotten sufficient supplies to fill their trains, moved in the direction of Brighton via Robertsville; but, owing to failure in arrival of supplies from Savannah, Morgan was vexatiously delayed from moving until the 8th, at which time, in accordance with instructions, the depot at Sister's Ferry was broken up and all transports, under cover of the gun-boat Pontiac, were ordered to start for Savannah. The heavy rains falling during the 7th had again the intervening swamp between the River and Robertsville almost impassable, notwithstanding the great amount of labor bestowed upon the road by the troops of the Twentieth Corps. On the morning of the 8th the trains of the corps were filled with all the supplies that could be obtained without further delay, and the march upon Barnwell, our second objective point, was resumed in the following order: Baird moved from Brighton on the main Augusta road, running immediately up the River-bank, followed by Morgan, who started from the ferry. Carlin, laying over at Lawtonville until the morning of the 9th, moved with his own and Baird's division train from that point by the most practicable road to Barnwell, in the vicinity of which the whole corps was concentrated on the evening of the 10th, Baird's division occupying the town. February 11 and 12, in compliance with instructions, the corps moved from its camp around Barnwell, upon the Charleston railroad, in the following order: Baird's division followed by Carlin's, unencumbered with their trains, marched by way of Weatherby's, striking the road in the vicinity of White Pond and Williston. This road was completely destroyed by these two divisions between Williston's and Johnson's Stations by the night of the 12th. On the morning of the 13th they marched from their respective camps, Baird near Johnston's Station and Carlin near White Pond, to join Morgan's division in charge of the corps supply train at Guignard's Bridge over the South Edisto. During the night of the 13th Morgan had the bridge and road at this crossing put in good order, after considerable labor, and the march upon Lexington, via Horsey's Bridge over the North Edisto, was resumed early in the morning, in the following order: Morgan in advance, followed by Carlin, unencumbered with trains; Baird's division, in charge of general supply train; Kilpatrick's cavalry on my left, in co-operating distance.

February 15, Carlin reached Lexington after dark and occupied the town. The other two divisions encamped two miles and a half from town at the crossing of the Two Notch road with the Lexington and Barnwell road, in close proximity to the Twentieth Corps on my right. The enemy's cavalry was encountered frequently during the day's march, and some sharp skirmishing ensued. Early on the morning of the 16th, in compliance with orders from headquarters Left Wing, the corps marched for Columbia by the way of Lexington. Morgan's division, being in the advance arrived within two miles of that place and halted for further instructions. On reporting in person to the general commanding Left Wing, I received orders to lay, with as little delay as possible, a pontoon bridge across the Saluda River, near Mount Zion Church. The bridge was at once ordered to the point designated and was laid by a little after dark. Carlin's division was crossed during the night and the following morning, the 17th, the remainder of the corps crossed and marched for and went into camp near the mouth of Wateree Creek, with a view to crossing Broad River at or near that point. On the morning of the 18th the pontoniers commenced erecting a bridge across Broad River at what is called Freshly's Mills, but owing to a want of proper management and energy on the part of the officers in charge of the pontoniers the

