
Morgan in advance, followed by Baird; Carlin, with pontoon train in rear. This order of march was observed, moving at daylight and going into camp at dark, until the advance reached Pedee River at Pegues' Ferry, ten miles above Cheraw and three miles below Sneedsborough, at 3 p.m. the 3rd. Owing to the miry condition of the roads, rendered almost impassable by the heavy rains, a large portion of the command had to be kept constantly at work upon them in order to get our trains along at all. The patience and endurance displayed by the troops during these four days of heavy work and long marching was exceedingly commendable. March 4, the remainder of the troops arrived and went into camp. A location was selected for the bridge across the River, and the pontoniers immediately set at work; but again, owing to a want of proper management and energy on the part of the officers and the lack of material to lay so long a bridge (920 feet), it was not completed until late in the evening of the 6th. Kilpatrick's cavalry commenced crossing about 6 a.m., and occupied the bridge the greater part of the night. Early on the morning of the 7th my troops commenced crossing, but, owing to the frequent interruptions caused by the breaking of the bridge, it was not completed until 9 p.m., after which it required the remainder of the night to take up the bridge. Fayetteville, N. C., was the next objective point upon which the army was directed, and the Fourteenth Corps was ordered to march, via Rockingham, Blue's or Love's Bridge over the Lumber River, and from thence along the plank road to that point. After crossing the River in the 7th Carlin moved out some fifteen miles and Baird ten, leaving Morgan near the River, at which points they encamped for the night. Early on the morning of the 8th the march was resumed, and notwithstanding the rainy day Carlin's and Baird's divisions reached Blue's into camp by dark. Morgan went into camp six miles to the rear, having made a march of near thirty miles. The bridge across Lumber River at this point was secured by the gallant conduct of Lieutenant Dewey, Thirty-eighth Indiana Infantry, in command of a foraging party, in attacking the enemy's guard over it and driving them away before the could burn it. March 9, with Baird's division in the advance, the whole corps moved on the plank road and went into camp between the Fifteen and Twenty Mile Posts. Heavy rains fell during the afternoon, and the roads became very heavy. During the day's march prisoners captured from Hardee's command gave information that the enemy was evidently making an effort to concentrate in our front at Fayetteville.

March 10, the corps moved in the same order and massed near the Nine-Mile Post. One brigade of Baird's division was pushed forward as far as the Six-Mile Post, and found the enemy's infantry, a part of Hardee's command, in force in our front. March 11, resumed the advance early in the morning, and after some skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry Baird's division entered the city about 10. 30 a.m., finding it held only by the enemy's rear guard. Baird's division was ordered to occupy the town. The remainder of the corps went into camp about two miles west of the town on the plank road. March 12, the troops remained in their camps awaiting the completion of the bridge without change until late in the evening. Morgan's division crossed and went into camp on the northeast side of Cape Fear River. March 13, Carlin's division and supply trains followed and went into camp on the direct road leading to Kyle's Landing. Transports having arrived by this time with a few supplies from Wilmington, the were secured and stored in the trains. With a view to disencumbering the column all

