
200,000 rations of soap, 150,000 rations of candles, and 200,000 rations of pepper only were issued to the troops from the Government stores; the balance was foraged from the country.

From my chief quartermaster's report the following number of animals have been captured: 697 horses and 1,360 mules; abandoned on the march, 331 horses and 569 mules.

The amount of forage issued to the animals, as taken from the country, is estimated at 2,867,820 pounds of corn, 4,055 pounds of hay, 2,730,460 pounds of fodder. Eight army wagons belonging to Carlin's division were captured by the enemy; broken down and abandoned, 2.

A list of casualties of the corps is appended, taken from the reports of the division and battery commanders. This list, added to the number mustered out of the service, will account for the decrease in my effective force report during the campaign.

The provost-marshal's report of the corps shows 546 prisoners of war captured, 27 of whom were commissioned officers; 184, being unable to walk, were paroled, 7 of which number were commissioned officers.

The number of miles of railroad destroyed by the corps is difficult to state precisely, but is about as follows: 12 miles of the Charleston and Augusta Railroad, 6 miles of the Columbia and Charlotte Railroad, and 12 miles of the Columbia and Raleigh Railroad; total, 30 miles.

The number of miles marched by the whole corps, as near as can be calculated, is 500 miles. The Field Artillery Brigade, commanded by Major Charles Houghtaling, was efficient, and on every occasion, especially at the battle of Bentonville, rendered good service. For further particulars see Major Houghtaling's report appended.

My staff-consisting of Lieutenant Colonel A. C. McClurg, U. S. Volunteers, chief of staff; Captain George W. Smith, Eighteenth Infantry, aide-de-camp; Captain John Fl. Squier, Seventy-fourth Illinois Infantry, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Colonel H. G. Litchfield, U. S. Volunteers, assistant inspector-general; Surg. W. C. Daniels, U. S. Volunteers, medical director; Major John B. Lee, One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois Infantry, provost-marshal; Major Charles Houghtaling, First Illinois Light Artillery, chief of artillery; Captain J. E. Remington, U. S. Volunteers, chief quartermaster; Captain J. Van Brimer, One hundred and twenty-First Ohio Infantry, acting chief commissary of subsistence; Captain Jesse Fulmer, Fifteenth Infantry, commissary of musters; Captain John C. Martin, Twenty-First Ohio Infantry, staff quartermaster-were on all occasions faithful and energetic. To them I am under many obligations.

The divisions were commanded by Bvt. Major General A. Baird, Brigadier General James D. Morgan, and Brigadier General William P. Carlin, the same officers as in the previous campaigns in Georgia, and the same energy and zeal characterized them and their staffs throughout.

The conduct of General Morgan's division at the battle of Bentonville, and the distinguished manner in which it was commanded by him, renders it my duty to recommend that he be commissioned a brevet major-general, as a suitable reward for his services.

The reports of division commanders and such of the subordinate commanders as have been received, are herewith transmitted and attention called to them for many details necessarily omitted in this.

Among the brigade commanders who were wounded were Bvt. Brigadier General B. D. Fearing, commanding Third Brigade, Third [Second] Division, and Lieutenant-Colonel Miles, Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, First Division. Among the regimental commanders wounded were Lieutenant-Colonel Pearce, Ninety-eighth Ohio Infantry, and Lieutenant-Colonel Lake, Seventeenth New

