
SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Bentonville, N. C., Numbers 35. March 22, 1865.

The general commanding announces to this army that yesterday it beat on its chosen ground the concentrated armies of our enemy, who has fled in disorder, leaving his dead, wounded, and prisoners in our hands and burning his bridges on his retreat. On the same day Major-General Schofield, from New Berne, entered and occupied Goldsborough, and Major-General Terry, from Wilmington, secured Cox's Bridge crossing and laid a pontoon bridge across Neuse River, so that our campaign has resulted in a glorious success. After a march of the most extraordinary character, near 500 miles, over swamps and rivers, deemed impassable to others, at the most inclement season of the year, and drawing our chief supplies from a poor and wasted country, we reach our destination in good health and condition. I thank the army and assure it that our Government and people honor them for this new display of the physical and moral qualities which reflect honor upon the whole nation. You shall now have rest and all the supplies that can be brought from the rich granaries and store-houses of our magnificent country before again embarking on new and untried dangers.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., Numbers 49. April 6, 1865.

* * * * * * *

II. The general-in-chief announces for the information of this army the following resolutions received:

Whereas, The official announcement of the fall of Charleston, the "Cradle of Secession," has been received: Therefore,

Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Louisiana in General Assembly convened, That we tender our most hearty thanks to the gallant officers and men of the army of the illustrious Sherman, who have, under God, been the instruments of accomplishment of so glorious an achievement.

Be it further resolved, &amp;c., That in the late glorious victories of General Sherman we recognize the hand of God as directing the affairs of our country, and as an evidence of the speedy return of peace.

SIMEON BELDEN,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

J. MADISON WELLS,

Lieutenant-Governor and President of the Senate.

Approved March 3, 1865.

MICHAEL HAHN,

Governor.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Washington, D. C., Numbers 76. May 30, 1865.

The general commanding announces to the Armies of the Tennessee and Georgia that the time has come for us to part. Our work is done,

