
pital stores from Hilton Head, and the ambulance trains by repairs put in a comparatively good condition. The first day's march accomplished only ten miles, when, owing to a heavy and continuous rain which set in the day previous and the utter impossibility of forcing the transportation through the swamps, the troops were again, put into camp, where they remained until the 25th. During this time 250 men were returned to hospital at Savannah. On the morning of the 25th the line of march was resumed for Sister's Ferry (via Springfield), which place was reached on the 28th. Here the command was delayed in crossing the Savannah River eight days, during which time variola broke out among the troops, twenty-five cases occurring within three days. They were, however, immediately isolated from the rest of the command, and the infection ceased to spread. Subsequently they were sent, in charge of a medical officer, by boat to Savannah. Ninety-five other cases were also sent from this point to the corps hospital at Savannah, and 300 men were returned from that place to their commands for duty. The crossing of the Savannah River was effected on the 6th of February, and on the 7th the corps moved on the River road in a northwesterly direction, passing through Robertsville, Danielton, and Erwinton, and, crossing the Salkehatchie River, reached Barnwell on the 11th. The country from Sister's Ferry to Barnwell is good and along the whole line of march thickly settled. Subsistence of all kinds was abundant, and an improved appearance in the condition of the troops was soon observable.

February 12 the command was moved to Williston, on the South Carolina Railroad, twenty miles of which was destroyed. On the 13th and 14th crossed both forks of the Edisto River, taking the road to Lexington, which place we passed through on the 16th, and reached Congaree River, opposite Columbia, at 12 a.m. that day. The general sanitary condition of the whole command by this time, owing to the variety and abundance of subsistence supplied, was palpably improved. But few casualties occurred on the line of march, and those of a slight character. On the 17th and 19th we crossed the Saluda and Broad Rivers and took the road for Winnsborough. Occupied that place on the 21st and reached the Catawba River on the 23rd. Heavy and continuous rains for several days prevented the crossing of this River, which was not accomplished until the 28th. Some skirmishing occurred here with the enemy's cavalry in our rear, which resulted in our having 1 man killed and 2 wounded.

On the morning of the 1st of March the command moved in the direction of the Great Pedee River, which was reached on the 5th, ten miles above Cheraw. Crossing this River on the 7th, and also the State line into North Carolina, we occupied Fayetteville on the 11th. The corps remained here until the 14th, during which time 100 sick men were put aboard a transport in charge of a medical officer and shipped tsmall quantity of medical supplies also were captured at this place by the Third Division of the corps (principally quinine and morphine), which was turned over to the division hospitals. On the 14th two divisions of the corps crossed the Cape Fear River, taking the River road in the direction of Averasborough, while one division in charge of the train took a more easterly route toward Goldsborough. On the morning of the 16th two divisions of the Twentieth Corps, being in our immediate advance, met the enemy in considerable force and behind works at a point on the east side of Cape Fear River, sixteen miles above Fayetteville. The Fourteenth Corps were ordered up to support, and went into position about noon on the left of the Twentieth. The engagement, which lasted until evening, at no time was very heavy

