
in our immediate front. The enemy fought from behind works, no assault of which was ordered on the left. The loss to the corps was 17 men killed and 91 wounded. * During the night the enemy evacuated their works, and at daylight on the 17th an advance was ordered. The Fourteenth Corps was moved to the front, taking an easterly course in the direction of the Neuse River. Our wounded were all comfortably transported in the ambulances of the corps, of which, up to this time, there were sufficient to supply the demand.

During the 17th and 18th continual skirmishing was kept up on our left and front, with a few casualties. On the 19th heavy firing commenced at daylight, which continued ahead of the column until 10 a.m., when the advance discovered the enemy again in our front and in force. Two brigades of the First Division were deployed and ordered to develop their strength. Field depots were immediately located a short distance from the line, and by 12 m. wounded men were being rapidly brought in. The hospital trains were brought up preparatory to establishing them half a mile to the rear. Heavy skirmishing was kept up during the enemy were gradually pushed back to the distance of half a mile and into a strong of intrenchments. About 2 p.m. they charged out of their works in force, driving our men on the left, and a general engagement immediately ensued. After recovering from the first assault slight works were thrown up along our front lines, which were repeatedly charged by the enemy during the afternoon and as often repulsed. Night closed the fight, the enemy returning to their original lines of the morning. The hospitals, being in range of the enemy's fire, were moved during the afternoon half a mile farther to the rear, and about 500 men were brought in and operated on or dressed during that night and the next morning. The result of the engagement to the corps was a loss of 80 killed and 504 wounded. The command still holding its position of the 19th, on the 21st orders were received to transport all the sick and wounded of the corps to the Neuse River, in the immediate neighborhood of Goldsborough, and establish a temporary hospital. Army wagons in sufficient number being supplied, 700 men were loaded and safely transferred to the locality designated, under the charge of Surgeon Batwell, of the Second Division hospital, from which place they were transferred across the River and put into hospitals at Goldsborough on the 23rd, on which day the command occupied the town and closed a campaign of sixty days' duration.

Taking into consideration the season of the year and inclemency of the weather, the average daily marches and condition of the roads, and the irregularity of subsistence supplies, the endurance of the men during this long and arduous campaign and their present splendid condition is truly remarkable.

The list of casualties in the corps for the whole campaign is as follows: 10 officers and 139 men killed and 46 officers and 677 men wounded, making a total of 149 killed and 723 wounded. The mortality from disease during the same time was 28.

Herewith have the honor to inclose full lists of wounded and ns.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. DANIELS,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, and Medical Director.

Surg. JOHN MOORE, U. S. ARMY,

Medical Director, Military Division of the Mississippi.

---------------

*But see revised table, p. 64.

---------------

