
by the enemy. The enemy, however, was unable to carry them with him and had to destroy them by fire, and a portion of the mules which be failed to kill have been recovered.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. REMINGTON,

Captain and Acting Chief Quartermaster Fourteenth Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. McCLURG,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 66. Report of Brigadier General William P. Carlin, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, during the campaign commencing on the 20th day of January and ending the 23rd day of March, 1865:

Friday, January 20, the division left camps near Savannah, Ga., at 10 a.m., in obedience to Special Field Orders, Numbers 3, dated headquarters Fourteenth Army Corps, Savannah, Ga., January 19, 1865; marched to the Seven-Mile Post, on Louisville road, and went into camp at 4 p.m. Rained heavily and steadily all day; the roads were in horrible condition. Our trains were obliged to stand inroads all night. Saturday, 21st, no changes. Orders arresting the march received. Sunday, 22nd, no changes. Rain still continues. Monday, 23rd, no changes. Rain all day, with high winds. Tuesday, 24th, no changes. Clear and cold. Wednesday, 25th, resumed march at 7. 15 a.m. Clear and cold. Found roads fair, but bad in places. Marched in rear of Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, all day. Camped at 4 p.m. in pine woods about three miles in rear of General Morgan's division. Marched about thirteen miles to-day. Everything in camp at dusk. Thursday, 26th, marched at 7. 30 a.m. Clear and cold. Roads very bad. We were delayed by General Morgan's trains. Camped at 4. 30 p.m., three quarters of a mile from Springfield, Ga., having marched nine miles. Trains not quite up, but parked three-quarters of a mile to rear of troops. Friday, 27th, marched at 10 a.m. in rear of corps. The troops in advance did not clear the road and at 12 m. were ordered to go in to camp for the day and night. Troops, with exception of Second Brigade, returned to former camps. Saturday, 28th, moved from Springfield at 12 m. Marched eight miles and camped on Augusta road, two miles from Sister's Ferry. Sunday, 29th, moved at 9. 30 a.m. Closed up on the troops of the corps at Sister's Ferry, and went into camp half a mile from ferry, awaiting the completion of bridge and road over the River. Monday, 30th, no changes. Two hundred men detailed for fatigue duty on road over River. Tuesday, 31st, no changes.

Wednesday, February 1, no changes. Thursday, 2nd, no changes. Friday, 3rd, no changes. Saturday, 4th, First Brigade was sent to upper landing on South Carolina side of Savannah River, to relieve Colonel Springfield's brigade, of Twentieth Corps, Sunday, 5th moved at daylight, in obedience to Special Field Orders, Numbers 5, from headquarters Fourteenth Army Corps, and camped at upper landing, on

