
South Carolina side of River, at 10 a.m. Monday, 6th, moved at 10.30 a.m., via Robertsville, and camped at 4.30 p.m. at Brighton Cross-Roads, having marched nine miles and cut out obstructions of fallen timber at four different places between Robertsville and Brighton; cold and wintry all day; heavy rain-storm as we went into camp; roads very bad. Tuesday, 7th, resumed march at 9 a. m . in the midst of driving rain; found the road between Brighton and Lawtonville blockaded with fallen timber all the way, which place we reached at 4.30 p.m., having marched nine miles; First Division alone marched on this road to-day; roads cut badly by passage of our trains. Wednesday, 8th, no changes. General Baird's trains, reserve artillery and ammunition and pontoon train, reported to this division, which is ordered to guard the corps trains. Thursday, 9th, moved from Lawtonville at 7 a.m. for Barnwell road, having all the trains in charge; marched via Beech Branch Church, on Orangeburg road, thence on Marcy's Bluff road to King's Creek Post-Office, thence up Barnwell road to Cohen's plantation; camped here at dusk having marched seventeen miles. Friday, 10th, marched from Cohen's at 7 a.m., via Smyrna Church and Allendale; camped at Fiddle Pond at 4. 30 p.m., having marched eighteen miles over good sandy roads; not much delay from water or obstructions.

Saturday, 11th, moved from Fiddle Pond at 6 a.m., crossed Salkehatchie, and reached Barnwell at 9 o'clock; marched through town and bivouacked west of the village until 1. 30 p.m. ; turned over the trains to General Morgan, and moved in rear of Third Division for two miles and a half; then, through mistake, took right-hand, Williston road; following this road two miles took cross-road and reached White Pond road, four miles from Williston and six from White Pond, just as rear of Third Division moved past; camped at this point at dusk, having marched about fifteen miles.

Sunday, 12th, moved at 6.30 o'clock from camp near Rosemary Creek and reached White Pond Station, on South Carolina road, soon after 8 a. m., found railroad torn up; moved to Windsor Station, six miles toward Augusta, and from that point tore up three miles and a half of track toward White Pond; camped on McCreary's place, three quarters of a mile from White Pond Station. Monday, 13th, moved from McCreary's at 7 a. m. northward and reached South Edisto River about 10 a. m.; waited to cross; delayed by other troops and trains of the corps which had preceded the First Division, until 3. 30 p.m. ; camped at John Town at dusk, having marched fourteen miles. Tuesday, 14th, moved from camp at John Town 8.15 a. m., reached North Edisto River at 12 m.; halted until 2 p. m.; waiting for other troops and trains of corps to cross; reached camp at cross-roads, near Baptist Church, at dusk, rain freezing as it fell all afternoon. Wednesday, 15th, marched from camp at cross-roads, taking old Charleston and Augusta road toward Waters' Ferry, at 6.30 a.m.; five miles out took right-hand road for Lexington; advance ran into about two regiments of rebel cavalry; slight skirmish; Lieutenant Channel and several men captured to-day; two rebel cavalrymen captured; reached camp at Two Notch road about 4 p. m.; received orders to move on to Lexington, two miles and a half distant; reached the town at 7.30 p. m. and found Barnum's brigade, of Twentieth Corps, just arrived and in possession of the place; camped on South side of town. Thursday, 16th, moved from Lexington at 10.30 a. m., in rear of Second Division. General Hobart's brigade relieved General Barnum's brigade as guard for the town at 8 a.m. Division moved to Leaphart's road for Colum-

