
bia; marched one mile and a half past Leaphart's and then countermarched and took Youngiersville Ferry road to Saluda River., Commenced laying pontoon bridge at 4 p.m. ; crossed division and camped on north side of River at 9 p.m. Owing to accident to bridge all our wagons did not get over till morning.

Friday, 17th, moved from north side of Saluda River at 6. 15 a.m., taking River road; by mistake crossed over to road occupied by Second Division, but as our head of column was in advance kept road, via Oakville Post-Office, to forks of road at Rockville Post-Office, one mile from Wateree Creek; camped at 4 p.m. ; picket up ten prisoners of different rebel commands. Saturday, 18th, no changes to-day; waiting for completion of bridge over Broad River. Sunday, 19th, moved at 9. 30 a.m., from camp at Rockville, being relieved by Ward's division, of the Twentieth Corps; reached Broad River at 11 a.m. ; waited for Third Division to cross; moved over in rear of Third Division, and marched to Thompson's Post-Office; halted for dinner. At this point at 3 p.m. received the orders of the day; sent two regiments to do the work on railroad, and moved the remainder of division to junction of Alton and Monticello roads and camped for the night at 4 p.m. Monday, 20th, moved from junction of Alston and Monticello roads at 6. 30 a.m., via Johnston's and Ebenezer Church, to Little River. Bridge over Little River partially destroyed; crossed part of troops on temporary bridge. General Buell, commanding Second Brigade, repaired bridge, and all our troops and trains crossed and in camp by 4 p.m. Tuesday, 21st, marched from Little River at 6 a.m., First Division in advance; marched eleven miles and reached Winnsborough at 10. 30 a.m. ; halted outside of town, and Twentieth Corps took possession of the place, taking away all tobacco and everything else which our advance had placed under guard, arresting both men and officers, who were doing simply their duty; moved to the north side of the town and halted two hours for rest and dinner; moved at 2 p.m. and camped at 4. 30 p.m. on Adger's place, five miles from Winnsborough; marched sixteen miles to-day.

Wednesday, 22nd, moved from Adger's at 6. 30 a.m., via White oak, to Black Stocks Station, on Columbia and Charlotte Railroad. Found there Atkins' brigade of cavalry, of Kilpatrick's division. Commenced tearing up railroad soon after 12 m., and after destroying three miles marched back to Chester road and camped at cross-roads at Wilson's place at 5 p.m. ; marched fifteen miles. Thursday, 23rd, marched promptly at 6 a.m. via Gladden's Grove Post-Office, to near Rocky Mount Post-Office on Catawba River. Kilpatrick's cavalry in our road all day. Camped on Doctor Scott's place at 3 p.m., having marched sixteen miles, in rear of the Second Division, Twentieth Corps, most of the way. Friday, 24th, no changes; rain all day. Saturday, 25th, no changes; rain all day; waiting for completion of bridge. Sunday, 26th, moved at 1 p.m. from Scott's place, and took position about half a mile from River (Catawba), covering corps trains. Third Brigade remained near old position in front of Third Division. Monday, 27th, no changes. Daring attack made on our pickets by rebel cavalry about 10 a.m. ; several men were captured outside the lines. Reconnaissance made by two regiments of First Brigade to recover wagons of pontoon train; fund one wagon burned, the other eight abandoned. Tuesday, 28th, rain all night. Bridge done, and Third Division crossed during the night. Trains of corps crossing all day. First Division all across by 4 p.m. Second Brigade assisting pontoniers in taking up bridge. Sixty-ninth Ohio Volunteers was

