
up, and this regiment skirmished for two hours with them. About 4 p.m. Battery C opened with five or six rounds, and scattered them. Rear guard crossed over, and bridge all up by 3 a.m. Wednesday morning.

Wednesday, March 1, moved from bank of Catawba River at 6 a.m. ; struck rear of Third Division trains about two miles out; followed close all day; roads very bad; camped at 5 p.m. at Ingram's near Hanging Rock, having marched fifteen miles. Thursday, March 2, moved at 6 a.m. ; half a mile from camp struck Third Division train, not yet out of place over Hanging Rock Creek; crossed Little Lynch's Creek at 4 p.m. and camped at Horton's at 6 p.m. ; Second Brigade, with pontoon train, four miles in rear at Clyburne's Store. Friday, 3rd, moved at 6. 30 a.m. and at 7. 30 a.m. ran into train of Third Division, not yet out of camp. We were delayed two hours. Roads very bad. Camped at Blakeney's, having marched fourteen miles, at 6 p.m. Second Brigade camped one mile and a half this side of Lych's Creek, but was ordered up to take advance with pontoon train in the morning. Saturday, 4th, moved at 6 a.m. in rear of corps; halted two hours at Mount Croghan for dinner. After leaving Mount Croghan roads very bad; progress slow. Camped at 7. 30 at Mrs. Crawford's, two miles and a half beyond Thompson's Creek, which we crossed at dark. Marched eighteen miles to-day. Second Brigade, with pontoon train, moved on and joined Baird's division. Sunday, 5th, moved from Mrs. Crawford's at daylight, over a very bad road for five miles, then struck good roads, and reached Pedee River at 1. 30 o'clock. Camped one mile from River; everything in by 3 p.m. Monday, 6th, ordered to cross Pedee River at daylight. Moved down to bank of River and found bridge complete; waited all day. At 6 p.m. cavalry commenced crossing, and at 1 a.m. next morning our troops commenced crossing. Two brigades First and Third, camped on Pegues' place. No wagons over-bridge broke. Tuesday, 7th, bridge incomplete until 8. 30 a.m. Wagons commenced coming over. All closed up at 10. 30, and division then moved from Pegues', taking Rockingham road for six miles; thence by cross-roads and by-paths struck old Fayetteville road at 5. 30 p.m. Went into camp on Jacob's place. Marched sixteen miles.

Wednesday, 8th, moved from Jacobs' at 6. 30 a.m. with old Jacobs as guide. He took First Division, being in advance of corps, through the woods by cross-roads and by paths till we struck Rockingham and Fayetteville road. Halted four miles and a half from Blue's Bridge, over Drowning Creek, for dinner. Just after starting rebels were reported on our right, having captured men out foraging. Butler's division was also reported moving down plank road on our left, with a view to secure Blue's Bridge. Lieutenant Dewey, Thirty-eighth Indiana, with a party of mounted foragers, who had taken position at the junction of our road with plank road, captured a rebel courier, but as soon as our column was near dashed ahead, drove rebel pickets from bridge and secured it. It has been fired, but rain put it out. Crossed the creek and camped one mile and a half (west) from the bridge at 3. 30 p.m. Hobart's brigade, left back to cover bridge, came up at dark. Thursday, 9th, moved from camp near Drowning Creek at 11 a.m., late in consequence of waiting for Third Division to pass us; the trains moved very slowly; rained in torrents all afternoon; Hardee reported marching on our left flank, making for Fayetteville; dispositions accordingly. Friday, 10th, moved from camp at Twenty-one Mile Post on Fayetteville road at 6. 15 a.m. ; delayed by trains of advance division; marched to Their-

