
teen-Mile Post, and went into camp at that point at 2. 30 near General Baird's division. Saturday, 11th, moved from camp at Thirteen-Mile Post at 7 a.m. ; struck rear of Third Division at Ten-Mile Post; after marching in rear to the Seven-Mile Post then ordered over to the Chicken road; advanced rapidly toward Fayetteville, encountering no opposition; reaching Two-Mile Post, were halted by order of General Davis, and camped at Mrs. Pemberton's at 12. 30 p.m. ; marched twelve miles to-day.

Sunday, 12th, no changes; Second Division crossed Cape Fear River to-night. Monday, 13th, moved from Mrs. Pemberton's at 7 a . m. ; marched through Fayetteville; crossed the pontoon bridge just below ruins of the road bridge and camped one mile and a half from the River at 12 m. ; rebels still in our front; Twenty-First Michigan Volunteers lost one man killed; Twentieth Corps moved and camped just in front of our lines. Tuesday, 14th, no changes; weather warm and threatening rain; Fifteenth Corps crossed on our pontoon bridge; another difficulty with Geary's division, Twentieth Corps. Wednesday, 15th, moved at 10 a.m. in light order; hospital train and part of ammunition accompanying troops; supply train, with Captain F. L. Clark, reported to General Baird; First Division followed Twentieth Corps for four miles, Second Division coming in on another road, then preceded First Division; marched twelve miles and camped at Fourteen Mile Post at 4 p.m. Thursday, 16th, marched at 10 a.m. ; struck rear of Morgan's division; progressed slowly; just after 12 m. received orders to pass trains and push on to the front; reached scene of action two miles north of Taylor's Hole Creek about 2 p.m. ; massed and lay in reserve in open field in front of rebel works captured by Twentieth Corps; at 3 p.m. First Brigade, General Hobart commanding, was sent to right and relieved Hawley's brigade of Jackson's division, Twentieth Corps, by order of Major-General Slocum; at 5 p.m. by order of General Davis the Second and Third Brigades [moved] to extreme left and formed in rear of General Morgan, supporting his left; at dark all troops in bivouac; six miles marched to-day. Friday, 17th, moved at 7. 30 a.m., First Division in advance of corps; took road toward Goldsborough just after passing through works which enemy had evacuated night before; reached Black Creek at 11 a.m. ; General Buell built bridge, but while this was being done Genera Morgan's division passed up to left and crossed at bridge on Averasborough and Goldsborough road and passed ahead of First Division, which was entitled to road and advance; camped at dusk on west bank of Mingo Creek; marched about six miles to-day. Saturday, 18th, moved at 6 a.m. promptly; crossed Mingo Creek with some trouble; water wide and deep; struck rear of General Morgan three miles and a half out; General Buell's brigade detached from column by order of General Davis and sent to cross-roads, two miles from Mingo Creek; remained there until 2 p.m., when it was relieved by Twentieth Corps; fifteen miles marched to-day; camped at Underwood's at 4 p.m.

Sunday, 19th, left camp at Underwood's at 7 a.m., with First Division in advance, prepared for battle; all wagons and pack-mules marching in rear of the troops. After marching about three miles came up to our foragers who were skirmishing with the enemy. Here I formed First Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General Hobart commanding, on the right of the road, in two lines. I then ordered the first line to charge the enemy and the second line to follow, supporting the movement. The advance line of General Hobart, consisting of Thirty-third Ohio, Ninety-fourth Ohio, and Eighty-eighth Indiana, drove the enemy, con-

