
sisting of a brigade of infantry, rapidly back to their main works. Just before this attack was made General Buell's brigade, at suggestion of Major-General Slocum, had been sent to the left of the road to attack the enemy on his right flank, supposing his force to consist of only a small force of cavalry. The advance of General Hobart had reached a house in a large open field (Cole's house), when the enemy opened with a heavy fire of artillery and musketry. The open field was then abandoned by General Hobart, who moved three regiments to the left and front of the field into a pine thicket, where light works were thrown up. The other wing of the First Brigade, under Lieutenant-Colonel Fitch, Twenty-First Wisconsin Volunteers, was placed in position on right of the road, supporting Battery C, First Illinois Artillery, about 350 yards from and in rear of position at Cole's house. My Third Brigade, Lieutenant Colonel D. Miles commanding, was placed on the right of this wing of First Brigade, as the enemy was demonstrating against my right flank. At the same time an order was sent to General Buell, recalling him and placing his brigade in position in let and rear of the wing of General Hobart's brigade in the pine thicket before mentioned. While all these dispositions were being made the artillery and skirmishers were heavily engaged, resulting in serious loss on both sides. As soon as General Buell reached the position assigned him, by order from Major-General Davis he was directed to attack the enemy. In order to multiply the chances of success I ordered my Third Brigade to attack on our right, and also ordered that part of the First Brigade on the left of the road to join the Second Brigade, General Buell commanding, in the attack. Our lines advanced about 400 yards and found the enemy intrenched in strong works. Major Eaton, commanding Thirteenth Michigan Volunteers, Second Brigade, fell dead. His regiment, seeing him fall, gave way, and was followed by the remainder of the line under a heavy fire from the enemy.

In the attack made on the right by Third Brigade, Lieutenant-Colonel Miles commanding, the troops behaved very handsomely, especially the Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania. Captain J. H. Low, commanding Thirty-eighth Indian, fell, mortally wounded, in this attack.

The only advantage, but a very important one, gained from these attacks was the information obtained from prisoners captured as to strength of the enemy, showing that all the troops in this section were concentrated in our front. The Second Brigade, after the attack, halted on the left of the line of works of First Brigade and were ordered to throw up works, which order was obeyed with alacrity. The enemy now commenced moving around my left, compelling me to stretch out to an undue length, extending my skirmish line over half a mile to the left of my main line. At this time I received an order from General Davis directing me to hold the position I then had and to make demonstrations as though I were about to attack again, but the enemy had assumed the offensive, and I thought best to employ what time and force I had in strengthening my position. About an hour after the repulse of our attack the enemy advanced in heavy force on my front, right, and left flanks of that portion of the division on left of the road. The attacks were repulsed in front of Second Brigade by Thirteenth and Twenty-First Michigan, the men loading and firing coolly and deliberately, but the skirmish line on the left being forced back and right of the line being turned, the remainder of the troops were compelled to give way, and fell back rapidly and in disorder. A brigade of the Twentieth Corps had been placed to right and rear of General Hobart's Line, which I supposed would prevent my right from

29 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

