
and armed enemies no longer defy us; some of you will go to your homes, and others will be retained in military service till further orders. And now that we are about to separate, to mingle with the civil world, it becomes a pleasing duty to recall to mind the situation of national affairs, when but little more than a year ago we were gathered about the towering cliffs of Lookout Mountain and all the future was wrapped in doubt and uncertainty. Three armies had come together from distant fields, with separate histories, yet bound by one common cause--the union of our country and the perpetuation of the Government of our inheritance. There is no need to recall to your memories Tunnel Hill, with Rocky Face Mountain and Buzzard Roost Gap, with the ugly forts of Dalton behind. We were in earnest, and paused not for danger and difficulty, but dashed through Snake Creek Gap and fell on Resaca, then on to the Etowah, to Dallas, Kennesaw, and the heats of summer found us on the banks of the Chattahoochee, far from home, and dependent on a single road for supplies. Again we were not to be held back by any obstacle, and crossed over and fought four hard battles for the possession of the citadel of Atlanta. That was the crisis of our history. A doubt still clouded our future, but we solved the problem and destroyed Atlanta, struck boldly across the State of Georgia, severed all the main arteries of life to our enemy, and Christmas found us at Savannah. Waiting there only long enough to fill our wagons, we again began a march, which for peril, labor, and results will compare with any ever made by an organized army. The floods of the Savannah, the swamps of the Combahee and Edisto, the high hills and rocks of the Santee, the flat quagmires of the Pedee and Cape Fear Rivers were all passed in midwinter with its floods and rains int he face of an accumulating enemy, and, after the battles of Averasborough and Bentonville, we once more came out of the wilderness to meet our friends at Goldsborough. Even then we paused only long enough to get new clothing, to reload our wagon, and again pushed on to Raleigh, and beyond, until we met our enemy suing for peace, instead of war, and offering to submit to the injured laws of his and our country. As long as that enemy was defiant, nor mountains, nor rivers, nor swamps, nor hunger, nor cold, had checked us, but when he who had fought us hard and persistently offered submission your general thought it wrong to pursue him farther, and negotiations followed, which resulted as you all know in the surrender. How far the os army have contributed to the final overthrow of the Confederacy, and the peace which now dawns on us, must be judged by others, not by us, but that you have done all that men could do has been admitted by those in authority, and we have a right to join in the universal joy that fills our land because the war is over, and our Government stands vindicated before the world by the joint action of the volunteer armies of the United States. To such as remain in the military service your general need only remind you that success in the past was due to hard work and discipline and that the same work and discipline are equally important in the future. To such as go home he will only say, that our favored country is so grand, so extensive, so diversified in climate, soil, and productions, that every man may find a home and occupation suited to his taste, and none should yield to the natural impatience sure to result from our past life of excitement and adventure. You will be invited to seek new adventure abroad; do not yield to the temptation, for it would lead only to death and disappointment.

Your general now bids you all farewell, with the full belief that as in was you have been good soldiers so in peace you will make good

