
being turned, or at least afford a rallying point, if I was forced to fall back, but unfortunately this brigade gave way almost as soon as my own troops. The advance of the enemy up the main road prevented my joining the right of my division, and I was forced to fall back to a position where a portion of the First and Second Brigades were rallied. These troops were placed in position in rear

of Twentieth Corps as a second line, and had no opportunity to engage further in the battle.

Several times during the afternoon I attempted to join the right of the division, but I was interrupted by the enemy. During the fighting which followed Lieutenant-Colonel Miles, commanding Third Brigade, and Lieutenant-Colonel Fitch, commanding part of First Brigade, appear to have done as well as it was possible to do under the circumstances.

Lieutenant-Colonel Miles was severely wounded, and the command of the brigade devolved upon Lieutenant-Colonel McMahan, Twenty-First Ohio Volunteers. For details of their operations I would respectfully refer you to their reports.

On the night of the 19th the three regiments under Lieutenant-Colonel Fitch joined the remainder of the First Brigade. The Third Brigade was brought up and the division went into position on the right of Goldsborough road, parallel to Clinton road, where works were thrown up, and camped for the night. On the morning of the 20th my division relieved Cogswell's brigade, of Twentieth Corps, and Fearing's brigade, of Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, advanced, changed lines, built works, and held that position until the enemy retreated. (I deem it my duty here to state that after the first attacks had failed, but the strength of the enemy ascertained, Major-General Slocum sent his engineer officer, Captain Ludlow, to suggest that I should fall back across a little creek in my rear and construct a defensive line of works, but, being confident of my ability to hold my position until the troops in rear should come up, I decided not to fall back, but made dispositions to fortify my left flank against movements of the enemy in that direction.) Tuesday, 21st, no changes. Wednesday, 23rd, discovered that the enemy had retreated. Made immediate preparations for moving, and at 12. 30 p.m. according to orders took up line of march in rear of Second Division; camped at a point about fourteen miles from Goldsborough, having marched about ten miles. Thursday, 23rd, moved in rear of Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, at 7 a.m., toward Goldsborough. Crossed Neuse River about 8. 30 a.m. ; reached Goldsborough about 3. 30 p.m. ; passed in review before Generals Slocum and Schofield and camped on north side of town about two miles out, having marched about fourteen miles.

Appended to this report you will find a complete consolidated list of casualties occurring during the while campaign. Of these my loss in the battle of the 19th instant was 433, and 5 in the fight of the 16th instant. The remainder resulted from straggling and foraging.

I also forward the official reports of brigade commanders, accompanied by the official reports of regimental commanders, with lists of casualties by name, consolidated by brigades, to all of which I respectfully refer you.

This division left the upper landing of Sister's Ferry, on the Savannah River, with ten days' rations in wagons and four in hands of the men and with eight days' forage for animals. During the long march the command has subsisted well, collecting vast quantities of stores from the country. Over 1,000 head of cattle were picked up, but, owing to the rapid marching over a swampy country, a large num-

