
p.m. of the same day we bivouacked in a swamp about seven miles from the city. The roads were considered impassable and the troops were delayed for several days at that point. On the morning of the 22nd I sent one regiment, the One hundred and fourth Illinois, to repair the roads toward Savannah. On the 25th we resumed our march to Sister's Ferry by the way of Springfield and camped, January 28, near the pontoon bridge on the Georgia side of the Savannah River. On the morning of the 4th of February I moved my brigade to the upper landing on the South Carolina side and relieved Colonel Selfride, of the Twentieth Army Corps, who was then in command of the post at that place. On the morning of 6th of February we again resumed our march on the Orangeburg road. At Robertsville we took the left-hand road and, passing Brington, Lawtonville, Matthews' Bluff, and Barnwell, we arrived at White Pond Station, on the Augusta and Charleston Railroad, where this brigade destroyed one mile of track. From this point to the South Edisto River, and, crossing at Davis' Bridge, we proceeded to Horsey's Bridge, on the North River, and thence by way of Lexington we marched to Yongier's Ferry, on the Saluda River, about five miles from Columbia. From this point we marched to Rockville Post-Office, near which place we crossed the Broad River, and thence marched, via Winnsborough, to Black Stock's Station, on the Columbia and Charlotte Railroad. After having destroyed one mile of track at this point we changed our direction, and passing through Gladden's Grove we reached Rocky Mount, on the Catawba River; at this point we were detained for several days on account of the swollen condition of the River. Butler's rebel cavalry, in considerable force, for a number of days were scouting about our camp, capturing a few of our forages; but they attempted no regular advance on our line until about 12 m. of the 28th of February, when they moved forward and opened a lively skirmish with my pickets, which continued until I withdrew my brigade, by order of General Carlin, and crossed the River. On the following morning we resumed the march; passing Russell Place, Hanging Rock, and Clyburn's Store, we crossed Lynch's Creek at McManus' Bridge; thence by way of Mount Croghan and Maysville to the Great Pedee River. Having crossed the Great Pedee River at Pegues' Landing we marched on the Rockingham road to Wolf-pit, where we changed direction crossing Drowing Creek on Blue's Bridge, we reached Fayetteville on the 11th day of March. On the 13th the brigade crossed Cape Fear River and marched toward Averasborough. On the 16th, our advance having found the enemy in force, my brigade, with the division, was marched rapidly to the front, and about 2 o'clock I received an order from General Carlin to move my command to the right for the purpose of supporting General Jackson's division of the Twentieth Army Corps. I immediately moved my brigade as directed and massed it in columns of battalion at a point designated to me by an officer of General Slocum's staff; about 4 p.m. I relieved Colonel Hawley's brigade and skirmished with the enemy until dark. In this position I lost 1 enlisted man killed, 3 wounded, and 1 missing. During the night the enemy retreated, and in the morning I rejoined the division and resumed the march toward Goldsborough.

On the morning of the 19th, at 7 o'clock, the brigade marched from camp in advance of the division on the Goldsborough road, and at 10 a.m. we met the enemy posted behind a line of rail-works which extended for some distance on each side of the road on which we were moving. I immediately formed my brigade in two lines, the right

