
wing of the brigade, consisting of the Eighty-eighth Indiana Infantry, Captain Voris commanding; Thirty-third Ohio Infantry, Captain Hinson commanding, and the Ninety-fourth Ohio Infantry, Major W. H. Snider commanding, formed the first line, under command of Lieutenant Colonel C. E. Briant, Eighty-eighth Indiana Infantry. The left wing, consisting of the Twenty-First Wisconsin Infantry, Major C. H. Walker commanding; Forty-second Indiana Infantry, Major G. R. Kellams commanding, and the One hundred and fourth Illinois Infantry, Major J. H. Widmer commanding, formed the second line, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel H. M. Fitch, Twenty-First Wisconsin Infantry. As soon as these dispositions were made I ordered two companies as skirmishers from each regiment in the front line. These companies, being deployed, I at once charged the enemy, driving him from his works through the woods and undergrowth beyond and across a large field east of Cole's house to his main line, a distance of more than a mile. As soon as the front line of the brigade gained the house in the center of the field the enemy opened a heavy fire from a battery about 200 yards in our front. The line immediately commenced constructing works in front of the house. Having discovered a good position in the pines a short distance to the left and front of the house I ordered the Thirty-third Ohio to move to that point and throw up works. About an hour after moving the Thirty-third Regiment to the left I received an order from General Carlin to move the Eighty-eighth Indiana and Ninety-fourth Ohio to the left of the Thirty-third Regiment. These regiments there up works in prolongation of the line of works already built by the Thirty-third Ohio. About this time the Second Brigade came into position on my left, when I receive an order from General Carlin to charge the enemy and discover what force was in our front. I formed my right wing in front of our works, the Thirty-third Ohio on the right, the Eighty-eighth Indiana in the center, and the Ninety-fourth Ohio on the left, connecting with the Second Brigade, and moved steadily forward, driving the rebel skirmishers back to their main line. My line having arrived within a short distance of the enemy's works it received a very heavy fire, and the left at this moment giving way the whole line returned to the works in our former position. Having discovered the enemy in force I immediately ordered my line to be strengthened as much as possible. About 2 p.m. the rebels in great force advanced on my line, and, driving my skirmishers in rapidly, they came down on our works in such overwhelming numbers that my line was compelled to give way, not, however, until the enemy had gained our right and rear, which threatened the capture or the annihilation of our whole force. Having fallen back through the woods I rallied my line in the field, near the position held by the First New York, Artillery, and immediately threw up works. About 7 p.m., by order of General Carlin, I moved my right wing across the Goldsborough road and took position on the right of the Second Brigade, at which point my left wing joined me during the same evening.

For the information of the operations of the left wing of my brigade I respectfully refer you to the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Fitch, Twenty-First Wisconsin, which I append to this report.

On the morning of the 20th I took position on the left of General Morgan's division in one line with my left refused, facing the Goldsborough road, where my brigade remained until the morning of the 22nd. The rebels having retreated during the night of the 21st we resumed our march, and, crossing the Neuse River at Cox's Bridge, we arrived at this place on the 23rd instant.

