
the road between camp and city. January 24, in camp. January 25, marched nineteen miles in the direction of Springfield. January 26, marched ten miles; camped near Springfield. January 27, in camp near Springfield. January 28, marched eight miles, crossing Ebenezer River and camping within two miles of Sister's Ferry. January 29, moved to within one mile of Sister's Ferry.

January 30, 31, and February 1, 2, and 3, we remained in camp near Sister's Ferry, furnishing heavy details to build roads. February 4, resumed the march, crossing the Savannah River into South Carolina and camping eight miles above Sister's Ferry. February 5, remained in camp. February 6, marched ten miles, through Robertsville, and camped at Brighton, the junction of the Augusta and Orangeburg roads. February 7, marched ten miles and camped at Lawtonville. February 8, in camp. February 9, marched eighteen miles in the direction of Barnwell. February 10, marched eighteen miles on road to Barnwell. February 11, marched eighteen miles, passing through Barnwell Court-House, moving out on the Williston road; camped within six miles of White Pond Station. February 12, marched to White Pond Station and then moved up the railroad toward Augusta five miles; destroying 400 yards of railroad; moved back to White Pond Station and camped for the night, having marched sixteen miles. February 13, marched fifteen miles in direction of Columbia, crossing South Edisto River. February 14, crossed North Edisto River at Horse Shoe Bridge and camped on Columbia road, nineteen miles from the city, having marched twenty-miles. February 15, marched seventeen miles and camped at Lexington Court-House. February 16, marched ten miles; crossed Saluda River at Yongier's. February 17, marched to Rockville, sixteen miles. February 18, in camp at Rockville. February 19, marched fourteen miles, crossed Broad River at Freshley's Mill, and camped at Gibson's Meeting-House. February 20, marched five miles, crossed Little River at Ebenezer Church, and camped half a mile from crossing. Private Daniel McHarrie, Company K, was killed while foraging. February 21, marched from Little River to Winnsborough; arrived in town about noon; moved out on the road to Chester Court-House and camped on railroad six miles north of Winnsborough, having marched seventeen miles. February 22, marched to Black Stocks, destroyed 500 yards of railroad, and then marched to junction of Chester Court-House and Rocky Mount Post-Office roads, having made sixteen miles. February 23, marched to Rocky Mount Post-Office, fourteen miles. February 24 and 25, in camp at Rocky Mount Post-Office. February 26, moved to the Catawba River, and camped at the mouth of Rocky Mount Creek. Before the regiment moved from Rocky Mount Post-Office I ordered Captain William C. Ross, Company B, with a detail of mounted forages from this regiment to join a similar detail from the Eighty-eighth and Forty-second Indiana Regiments, and with those details gather subsistence from the surrounding country. Captain Ross' detail with the others crossed Rocky Mount Creek at the bridge near camp and moved up the road by Cloud's house, near with the details separated, the detail from this regiment proceeding in the direction of Stroud's Mill. Near the mill Captain Ross' detail was attacked by a force of the enemy's cavalry. Captain B. C. G. Philips, Company D; C. Brook, Company F; James C. Carns and John H. Misner, Company G; William Lakin, Company I; and M. B. Bushnell, Company K, were captured. The rest of the detail

