
escaped. Private N. McCormick was wounded in wrist. February 27, at 9 a.m. I was ordered by General Hobart, commanding First Brigade, to send out a detail for forage and take the balance of the regiment to Stround's Mill, where Captain Ross' party was captured, and return to camp by 4 p.m. A forage details was sent out under Captain White. With the balance of the regiment, about 100 men, I crossed Rocky Mount Creek at the bridge and moved up the road to Cloud's, the junction of the road to Stroud's Mill and the Lancaster road. At this point we had a slight skirmish with the enemy's cavalry and then moved on toward the mill. Two miles beyond Clouds' the road crossed a large creek, which I found so swollen by the late rains as to impassable for infantry. I immediately countermarched my command and started for camp at 5 p.m., having marched sixteen miles. February 28, at 9 a.m. the One hundred and fourth Illinois and Ninety-fourth Ohio were ordered to relieve the Third Brigade, First Division, as rear guard on the Rocky Mount road. While in that position a few shots were exchanged with the enemy's cavalry. At 2 p.m. we were ordered across Catawba River and the One hundred and fourth Illinois was put in position on the first bluff below the pontoon bridge, where we remained until dark, when we were ordered into camp half a mile east of the pontoon bridge.

March 1, marched fifteen miles; camped at Hanging Rock; March 2, marched fifteen miles, crossing Little Lynch's Creek and camping at Wharton's Tavern. March 3, marched on Chesterfield road; crossed Flat Creek and Big Lynch's Creek; camped at Blakeney's; made fourteen miles. March 4, marched twelve miles; crossed Thompson's Creek; camped near State line. March 5, marched twelve miles and camped three miles from the ferry on the Rockingham road. March 7, marched on Rockingham road to within six miles of the town, then moved across toward the old Fayetteville road; made fifteen miles. March 8, marched on old Fayetteville road; crossed Drowning Creek at Blue's Bridge; camped two miles north of the bridge, having marched twenty miles. March 9, marched twelve miles on direct road to Fayetteville. March 10, marched nine miles and camped thirteen miles from Fayetteville. March 11, marched to Fayetteville, thirteen miles. March 12, in camp near Fayetteville. March 13, crossed Cape Fear River and camped two miles from bridge. March 14, remained in camp. March 15, moved ten miles on the Raleigh road and camped. March 16, marched eight miles to Mulberry Orchard, which we reached at noon. At 4 p.m. our brigade relieved a brigade of the Twentieth Corps. The One hundred and fourth Illinois was put in line, supported on the right by the Forty-second Indiana and on the left by the Thirty-third Ohio. This line was not over 150 yards from the enemy's works. A sharp skirmish fire was sustained until dark without loss to the regiment. Bivouacked in this position for the night. March 17, marched eight miles on road to Goldsborough, crossing branch of Black River. March 18, marched twelve miles on road to Goldsborough.

March 19, moved at 7 a.m. on the Goldsborough road, the One hundred and fourth Illinois being near rear regiment of the brigade. After marching about four miles the brigade was formed in order of battle on the right of the road, the One hundred and fourth Illinois on the left of the second line. I was here directed by Lieutenant-Colonel Fitch, commanding left wing of the brigade, conform the movements

