
of the One hundred and fourth Illinois with those of the Twenty-First Wisconsin, which was the next regiment to my right. The first line of our brigade having driven the enemy from his position in the open field in our front, the second line was ordered to advance across the open field. We moved rapidly across the field, the One hundred and fourth crossing to the left of the road, advanced into heavy timber and underbrush about 800 yards; finding that the regiment was detached too far to the left I moved it by the right flank until it joined the Twenty-First Wisconsin, my right resting on the road. Here the enemy opened his artillery on the road, but he aimed too high to damage us. After remaining in this position a few moments the wing was moved about 200 yards to the right and came to a front in a grove of old field pines on the South side of some open fields. Here I was directed by General Carlin to move the One hundred and fourth Illinois by the right flank about 100 yards to the rear, front east, advance, and prevent the enemy from turning his right flank. I did as he directed; deploying Company F as skirmishers, advanced about 200 yards and opened a sharp fire upon the enemy. I remained in this position until after noon, my skirmishers constantly engaged with the enemy during this time. The Third Brigade of our division was formed in line on my right, and I was that brigade would attempt to break the enemy's line, and in case they succeeded I should move forward to their support. The attempt failed, and I did not move from my position. Between 3 and 4 o'clock the enemy broke the line somewhere to the left of the One hundred and fourth Illinois and gained the rear of my regiment in heavy force. At the same time he drove my skirmishers in front and was advancing from that direction. There was but one way of moving from this position by the right flank, which Lieutenant-Colonel Fitch ordered me to do. I moved the regiment in that direction about 500 yards, and formed on the left of the Forty-second Indiana in a swamp. Here we were again attacked, and a severe fight took place. The enemy having completely turned our left flank we were compelled to retire to the line of the Second Division, behind which the regiments of the left wing were formed and awaited orders. About 1 o'clock we joined the right wing of the brigade near the field where the fight began in the morning. On the morning of the 20th the regiment moved to the front with the Twenty-First Wisconsin on the right and Forty-second Indiana on the left, built a line of breast-works, and remained in that position until the morning of the 22nd. March 22, marched ten miles and camped near Cox's Bridge, and on the 23rd day of March the regiment arrived at Goldsborough, N. C., having marched 515 miles since the 20th of January, and since the 9th day of February it has subsisted entirely on the country, with the exception of ten days' rations of bread, seven days' rations of sugar, and fifteen of coffee. Appended is a list of casualties in the regiment during the campaign.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. WIDMER,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. W. FORD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

