
List of casualties in One hundred and fourth Illinois during the campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C.

RECAPITULATION.

 In	 While	 In	 While	 In	 While	 Aggr

 action	 foragi	 action	 foragi	 action	 forag	 egat

 . 	 ng. 	 . 	 ng. 	 . 	 ing. 	 e.

Commissi	 . . 	 . . 	 1	 . . 	 . . 	 1	 2

oned

officers

. . .

Enlisted	 1	 1	 11	 2	 1	 10	 26

men. . .

JOHN H. WIDMER,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 69. Report of Major Gideon R. Kellams, Forty-second Indiana Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. FORTY-SECOND INDIANA VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 23, 1865.

In accordance with orders I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the campaign commencing 20th of January, 1865, and ending 23rd of March, 1865:

On the 20th of January the regiment, with the brigade, left Savannah, Ga. ; arrived at Sister's Ferry, on the Savannah River, on the 29th of January; laid in camp until the 6th of February. Taking up the line of march on the 6th nothing of note occurred until the 12th, when we struck the Charleston and Augusta Railroad near Branchville, S. C.

On the 13th struck the South Edisto River; on the 14th reached the North Edisto River. Next point of note was Lexington Court-House, which we reached on the 15th. Marching from thence on the 16th we reached and crossed the Saluda River. 17th, reached Rocksville. Nothing of note on the 18th. 19th, crossed Broad River near Monticello. 20th, camped at Ebenezer Church. 21st, arrived at Winnsburgh, S. C. 22nd, struck the railroad at White Oak Station. 23rd, camped at Rocky Mount Post-Office, at which point we laid two days. 26th, reached Wateree River at Rocky Mount Ferry. 27th, laid still. 28th, crossed the River. Three men captured.

March 1, camped near Hanging Rock. Nothing of note until the 6th, when we crossed the Pedee River near the South Carolina line. Nothing of note until the 11th, when we arrived at Fayetteville, N. C. Nothing of note occurred until the 16th, when we came up with the Twentieth Corps near Black River, they having been engaged for several hours with the enemy. I was ordered to relieve a regiment of that corps; skirmished briskly with the enemy for about two hours, when darkness closed the scene for the day. During the night the enemy withdrew, leaving us to follow at our leisure. Nothing worthy of notice occurred until the 19th instant, when the brigade came up with the enemy near

---------------

* Nominal list omitted.

---------------

