
Mill Creek. I was then ordered by Lieutenant-Colonel Fitch to put my regiment into position on the right of the road and throw out skirmishers, who immediately became engaged briskly with the enemy until about 1 p.m., at which time the enemy had pressed back the line on my left so far as to the rear of my line. At this time I was ordered by Lieutenant-Colonel Fitch to retreat, which I did with the other regiments of the left wing of the brigade, falling back about 400 yards, where we reformed the line and again, fought until the enemy had gained our left flank and rear, and, having exhausted all the ammunition, we were compelled to fall back a short distance in rear of the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, where we remained the remainder of the evening.

In this engagement I lost 1 officer and 1 man killed, 1 officer and 7 men wounded.

On the morning of the 20th the regiment was thrown into position and threw up a line of intrenchments, remaining there until the 22nd. The enemy having withdrawn we resumed the march, arriving at Goldsborough, N. C., on the 23rd of March, 1865, having lost 2 officers and 11 men during the campaign.

Very respectfully,

G. R. KELLAMS,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. W. FORD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 70. Report of Captain William N. Voris, Eighty-eighth Indiana Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTY-EIGHTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 24, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by the Eighty-eighth Regiment Indiana Volunteers in the late campaign:

On the 20th day of January, 1865, I left Savannah, Ga., with my regiment, with 274 guns and 12 commissioned officers. Our route laid on the Louisville road to Eden; thence through Springfield to Sister's Ferry, crossing the Savannah River into Beaufort District, S. C., passing Robertsville, Brington, and Lawtonville to Beech Branch; thence by way of Matthews' Bluff, through Barnwell, to White Pond Station, on Augusta and Charleston Railway, my regiment destroying 700 yards of track from this point to the South Edisto River, crossing at Davis' Bridge, marching across to Horsey's Bridge, on North Edisto River; thence through Lexington to within four miles of Columbia, crossing the Saluda River at Youngier's Ferry; from this point to Rockville Post-Office, near which we crossed Broad River; thence by way of Ebenezer Church on Little River, through Winnsborough to Black Stock Station, on Columbia and Charlotte Railway, tearing up 500 yards of track. Changing direction, we passed through Gladden's Grove to Rocky Mount, on Catawba River. Our march was delayed here for some time on account of the River being swollen, which collected numerous bands of rebel cavalry, who seemed to be anxious to get possession of our pontoon bridge. But by skillful maneuvering, in which my regiment participated, we got everything off in safety. Passing Russell Place, Hanging Rock, and Clyburn's Store, we crossed

