
Numbers 72. Report of Major William H. Snider, Ninety-fourth Ohio Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. NINETY-FOURTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C. March 26, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with circular from division headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report:

This command moved from Savannah, Ga., January 20, 1865, en route for Sister's Ferry, Ga., where we arrived on the 26th day of January, 1865, where we laid until February 4; we then moved across the Savannah River. On the 6th of February we moved en route for White Pond Station, S. C., at which place we arrived February 12, where we destroyed about 300 yards of railroad and lost one man, taken prisoner, Private John S. Ritchie, Company G. February 16, near Lexington, S. C., we had one man, James D. Treadway, taken prisoner. We then moved to Black Stocks, S. C., arriving at this point February 23, where we destroyed near 250 yards of railroad; two foragers captured, Privates George W. Bumgardner and Joseph Waltman, Company G. We then moved to Catawba River, where we could not effect a crossing until March 1. This regiment was placed on picket duty at 12 m. ; about 2 p.m. skirmished with rebel cavalry; no casualties occurred. March 6 we arrived at the Great Pedee River, where we were delayed until the morning of the 7th. We then moved on Fayetteville, arriving at that point on the 10th of March; laid at this point until the 14th, when we moved in direction of Goldsborough, N. C. March 16 we were confronting the enemy at Black Water, N. C. ; the enemy evacuated his intrenchments during the night; no casualties occurred in this command. On the 19th of March this regiment was the advance; met the enemy about 11 a.m. ; Companies A and B were deployed as skirmishers, covering the front; Companies F and D covering the right flank; skirmishers pushed forward under a severe fire from the enemy until within twenty paces of the rebel line of works, when they halted; we were relieved in a few minutes from this time by the Twenty-First Wisconsin, and were ordered to the left, where our position was assigned us and we built fortifications. When our works were completed we were ordered to reconnoiter our front, which was done, but finding the enemy in an intrenched position we returned to our works. In the evening the enemy moved to our right flank and charged the works on the flank, which caused the command to retire in disorder; the officers and men did nobly by saving themselves. *

The morning of the 20th the regiment built works, where was remained until the morning of the 22nd; the enemy having left his position in our front, we moved en route for Goldsborough. On the morning of the 23rd a forage party was sent out for subsistence for the command. Privates Azariah Bruss, Wilson W. Swathwood, and Isaac A. Jay being absent since that time, I suppose them captured by the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. SNIDER,

Major, Commanding.

Captain J. W. FORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Nominal list of casualties (here omitted) shows 2 men killed, 11 men wounded, and 1 man missing during the engagement of the 19th.

---------------

