
Numbers 73. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Michael H. Fitch, Twenty-First Wisconsin Infantry, of operations March 19.

IN CAMP, NEAR GOLDSBOROUGH, N. C.,

March 24, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the left wing of this brigade, to wit, the One hundred and fourth Illinois Infantry, Major Widmer; Twenty-First Wisconsin Infantry, Major Walker; and Forty-second Indiana Infantry, Major Kellams, in the engagement of the 19th instant-that being the only period during the campaign just closed that this wing operated beyond the direct supervision of the brigade commander;

This wing moved from camp at 7 a.m. March 19, and went into line of battle at 10 a.m. on our right of the road, twenty-two miles west of Goldsborough, N. C., as the second line of the brigade. The first line immediately attacked the enemy and drove him very rapidly, this line following up the movement; but, in compliance with an order sent me by the brigade commander, the wing halted. Very shortly, but after the front line of the brigade had advanced out of sight through the woods and thick undergrowth, I received the order from the brigade commander to advance by the right of the companies to the front. The wing advanced thus about a mile, when, by order of the division commander, Brigadier-General Carlin, the wing took position on the right of the right wing of the brigade, with the left resting upon the main road, relieving the Ninety-fourth Ohio Infantry, Major Snider. The position of the regiments then was thus: Forty-second Indiana on the right and refused; Twenty-First Wisconsin in the center, and One hundred and fourth Illinois on the left, the last two at right angles with the road. An attack being threatened by the enemy on our right flank Brigadier-General Carlin ordered the left regiment, One hundred and fourth Illinois there. It took position immediately on the right of the Forty-second Indiana, running almost into the face of the enemy in taking position. The line thus formed at once fortified as well as it could under a constant fire from the enemy, which our skirmish line was unable to silence. By order of Brigadier-General Carlin I re-enforced the skirmish line and advanced it until a line of enemy's works was developed, when it halted. The right of the wing being closest to the enemy and the firing there being heavies, I considered that the point of most danger and therefore gave the left less attention. Besides, two pieces of artillery were on my immediate left, and I supposed the other wing of the brigade on the immediate left of the artillery. Also there was an extensive open field in that front. About 4 p.m. my skirmishers were driven in and it was reported to me by the men of the artillery that the enemy had passed in considerable numbers into the woods on my left rear, and at the same time the artillerists of the section on my left went to the rear, abandoning one piece. I at once ran to the left and saw a line of battle of the enemy approaching within 200 paces of my position, at right angles with in and extending beyond my view to my left rear. The left company, Captain Randall, Twenty-First Wisconsin Infantry, immediately deployed in that direction, and so much of that regiment as could see the enemy's line opened fire upon it. In the meantime I gave command for the wing to change front in that direction; but as the enemy had already opened fire upon our rear, and perceiving that if the movement should succeed we

