
should have a swamp at out backs and also be again outflanked just as the change of front began, I ordered a retreat, which the wing executed in good order through the swamp, upon the opposite edge of which it promptly halted and formed a new line. This position is about 200 paces in the right rear of the former position, at about right angles with it and forming a continuation to the left of the front line of the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. The Twenty-First Wisconsin Infantry was on the right, Forty-second Indiana in the center, and One hundred and fourth Illinois on the left and refused.

In ten minutes from time of taking this position the enemy again attacked us furiously on the front and left flank. The wing fought here gallantly until its ammunition was exhausted, when Major Widmer, commanding One hundred and fourth Illinois, on the left, finding he was outflanked and the enemy about to gain his rear by the left, again fell back. This movement carried with it the whole wing, but by the aid of the three regimental commanders I succeeded in keeping the men together, and again within about 300 paces of the second position formed a new line, this time with our backs against a swamp, and threw forward a line of skirmishers. Finding the enemy did not attack us here, I took the offensive, advanced the wing to near its second position, and found the enemy had been checked and driven by a portion of the Second Division of this corps and some fresh troops thrown in on our left. Here I reported in person to Brigadier-General Morgan, commanding Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, and sent Company E, Captain Borcherdt, Twenty-First Wisconsin Infantry, to procure ammunition and report our condition and location to Brevet Brigadier-General Hobart, commanding brigade. About 9 p.m., by order of the brigade commander, the wing gained the division about one mile and a half distant.

The wing went into the fight with 32 officers and 610 muskets. The loss is a follows: In officers, 3 killed and 1 wounded; in enlisted men, 4 killed, 41 wounded, and 5 captured; total loss, 54.

For further particulars I respectfully refer to regimental reports, which will be forwarded directly to brigade headquarters.

I am, certain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. H. FITCH,

Lieutenant Colonel Twenty-First Wisconsin Infty., Commanding left wing

First Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Captain J. W. FORD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 74. Report of Major Charles H. Walker, Twenty-First Wisconsin Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST WISCONSIN INFANTRY VOLS.,March 25, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular from headquarters First Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to report that this regiment moved with the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, to which it is attached from the city of Savannah, Ga., on the 20th day of January, 1865, and from Sister's Ferry, S. C., on the

