
6th day of February, 1865, and reached Goldsborough, N. C., on the 23rd instant. That during the whole time covered by the late campaign it has moved and acted with the First Brigade, to which it belong, and has no history other or different from that of the brigade, except during the battle of the 19th instant, when it was for a portion of the day detached from the brigade, together will the remainder of the left wing. The operations of the regiment during that time were in conjunction with the said left wing, and will be detailed in the report of the wing commander.

I herewith inclose a statement of the losses of the regiment during the late campaign. *

Very respectfully,

CHAS. H. WALKER,

Major, Commanding.

Captain J. W. FORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 75. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General George P. Buell, Fifty-eighth Indiana Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of this brigade during the last campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C.:

January 20, marched from the city of Savannah, on the Louisville road, at 10 a.m., second in the division column; encamped six miles and three-quarters from the city at 4 p.m. ; the march was then suspended until the 25th, when it was again resumed. January 25, broke camp at 7 a.m., having the advance of the division; leaving the Louisville road, the march was by way of cross-road leading to Springfield; the troops bivouacked for the night at 4 p.m., having marched a distance of fourteen miles. January 26, marched at 8 a.m., brigade ordered to remain with supply train, to facilitate its movements; encamped at 9 p.m. one mile from Springfield, having made eight miles. January 27, marched into Springfield, following First Brigade; camp selected for the day. January 28, marched at 1 p.m. in advance of the division; crossed Ebenezer Creek, reaching camp at 6 p.m., having marched nine miles. January 29, marched at 8 a.m. in rear of the division, reaching Sister's Ferry, a distance of two miles; the march was again suspended to await the constructions of corduroy road through swamp on opposite side of Savannah River.

February 5, crossed Savannah River into South Carolina on pontoon bridge, following Third Brigade, and going into camp at upper landing, two miles from the ferry, at 12 m. February 6, marched at 10 a.m., following First Brigade; passing through Robertsville, marched to forks of Orangeburg and Augusta roads, a distance of ten miles, and encamped at 6 p.m. February 7, marched at 8 a.m. in advance of the division; roads obstructed by fallen timber; nine miles, going

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

30 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

