
into camp at 5 p.m. near Lawtonville. February 8, remained in camp during the day. February 9, marched at 8 a.m. in rear of entire corps train; established camp at 7 p.m., making sixteen miles. February 10, marched at 7 a.m. in rear of First Brigade; passed Allendale Post Office; reached camp at 4. 30 p.m., marching eighteen miles. February 11, marched at 6 a.m. in advance of the division; passed through Barnwell and marched five miles on Williston road; crossed over to White Pond road; encamped at 6 p.m., having made thirteen miles. February 12, marched at 7 a.m., the brigade in rear of division train; struck the Charleston and Augusta Railroad four miles west of Williston; marched west along the railroad two miles and then destroyed two miles of the track; countermarched and went into camp at 5. 30 p.m. near the station, marching twelve miles. February 13, marched at 8 a.m. north of the Columbia road, following First Brigade; crossed the South Fork of Edisto River, reaching camp at 6 p.m., having made eleven miles. February 14, marched at 7 a.m. in advance of the division; crossed the North Fork of the Edisto River, and reached the cross-roads of the Augusta, Charleston, and Columbia roads at 6 p.m., making eighteen miles. February 15, marched at 8 a.m. in rear of the division, the advance brigade skirmishing with the enemy; moved on to Waters' Ferry road five miles; taking the Lexington road, moved forward within three miles of Lexington, and halted at 3 p.m., at 5 p.m. an advance upon the town was ordered; following the Third Brigade, the brigade entered Lexington at 10 p.m., without opposition, and encamped for the night, having marched eighteen miles.

February 16, marched from Lexington, in advance of the division, at 10 a.m., on the Columbia road; countermarched three miles, reaching the Saluda River eight miles above the city. I was ordered to take charge of the construction of the pontoon bridge at Hart's Ferry. The bridge was completed at 6 p.m. The brigade crossed and went into camp one mile from the River, making twelve miles. February 17, marched at 6. 30 a.m., following First Brigade, in a northeasterly direction thirteen miles and a half, entering camp at 3 p.m. February 18, remained in camp this day. February 19, marched t 9 a.m. in advance; crossed Broad River, advancing in direction of Monticello; encamped at 3 p.m., marching twelve miles. February 20, marched at 6. 30 a.m. on the Monticello road, in rear of the division; crossed Little River and entered camp

at 4 p.m., marching nine miles. February 21, marched at 6 a.m., on the Winnsborough road, following First Brigade; entered Winnsborough at 12 m. ; moved up the railroad and went into camp at 6 p.m., having marched fifteen miles and a half. February 22, marched at 6 a.m. in advance of the division; moved up the railroad eleven miles to Black Stocks and commenced tearing up the track; destroyed about two miles; countermarched three miles and encamped for the night at 6 p.m. ; marching eighteen miles. February 23, marched at 7 a.m. in rear of division; made about twelve miles, going into camp at 3 p.m. February 24, remained in camp; fare sent out to repair the road leading to the Catawba River. February 25, no advance to-day; trains crossing River slowly. February 26, a portion of the pontoon bridge being carried away early this morning advanced but two miles and again encamped. February 27, Lieutenant-Colonel Moore, commanding pontooners, ordered to report to me and the pontooners and pontoon bridge assigned to the brigade; pontoon bridge relaid below the rapids; troops and train began crossing at dark. February 28, brigade ordered to cross in rear of troops and train; Thirteenth

and Twenty-First

