
Michigan Volunteer Infantry crossed over at 4 p.m. The Sixty-ninth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry was ordered to hold the hills commanding the crossing until the bridge had been taken up. Skirmishing was kept up with the enemy's cavalry until 11 p.m., when the regiment withdrew from its position in face of the enemy and crossed the River in boats without opposition.

March 1, marched at 6 a.m. in advance of the division; reached Hanging Rock at 5 p.m., a distance of fifteen miles. March 2, moved at 9 a.m. in rear of the division on the Cheraw road; marched twelve miles, going into camp at 8 p.m. March 3, marched at 7 a.m. in the advance; crossed Lynch's Creek, marching eighteen miles and encamping at 12 p.m. March 4, marched at 6 a.m. and crossed the State line into North Carolina, taking the Haile's Ferry road; made twenty miles, going into camp at 8 p.m. March 5, marched at 6 a.m. ; reached the Great Pedee River at 10 a.m. Reconnoitering parties from the Thirteenth and Twenty-First Michigan Volunteer Infantry were immediately crossed over in boats, and picket-line established to protect the crossing. March 6, remained in camp all day. March 7, the pontoon bridge being completed, Colonel Moore was ordered to report to General Morgan. The brigade crossed at 11 a.m. and moved forward on the Rockingham road eight miles; passing to the left, encamped at 8 p.m. three miles South of Rockingham, having marched fifteen miles. March 8, marched at 6 a.m. in advance of the division on the old Fayetteville road; crossed headquarters of the Little Pedee River, and making a rapid march of twenty-three miles went into camp at 4 p.m. March 9, marched at 6 a.m. in rear of division; made twelve miles, going into camp at 8 p.m. March 10, marched at 8 a.m. ; ordered to report to General Kilpatrick on the Chicken road; returned to Fayetteville road and encamped at 4 p.m., having marched twelve miles. March 11, marched at 7 a.m., following First Brigade; reached the city of Fayetteville, a distance of thirteen miles, at 2 p.m. and encamped on the South side of the city. March 12, remained in camp during this day. March 13, passed through Fayetteville, at 9 a.m., crossing the Cape River on pontoon bridge; encamped two miles from the city on the Raleigh road at 12 m. March 14, remained in camp for this day. March 15, marched at 10 a.m. in rear of the division; advanced eleven miles, going into camp at 6 p.m. March 16, marched at 9 a.m., following First Brigade; brisk skirmishing in front; ordered to move by Second Division train; took up position at 12 m. on right of road in rear of works from which the enemy had been driven; moved around to the left, and went into position on the right of the Third Brigade and in rear of Second Division; bivouacked for the night, having made eight miles.

March 17, marched at 10 a.m. in advance; reached Black River, over which I was ordered to construct a bridge. At 3 p.m., the bridge being completed, the brigade crossed and advanced four miles, going into camp at 5 p.m., having marched seven miles. March 18, marched at 6. 30 a.m. in rear of division; crossing Mingo Creek, moved on the Goldsborough road thirteen miles, going into camp at 5 p.m. March 19, marched at 7 a.m., second in the division. After marching, about four miles the advance brigade became engaged with the enemy, which was supposed to be nothing more than cavalry. While the First Brigade engaged them in front my brigade was ordered to move about one mile around the enemy's right and attack him on the flank and in rear, if possible. The movement was immediately commenced under cer, and so nearly executed that my skirmishers had

