
pressing both flanks, and rallied at the line in the rear thrown up by a portion of the Twentieth Corps. During the rest of the engagement my brigade was held in reserve.

During the engagement of this day I lost many valuable officers and men. In the attack on the enemy on of my best and most, gallant regimental commanders fell dead as he advanced to the enemy's works. It was Major Williard G. Eaton, Thirteenth Michigan Veteran Volunteer Infantry. His country and friends will long mourn his death, for he was brave, good man, loved by all who knew him.

Captain Prince, commanding Twenty-First Michigan, and Captain Rarick, commanding Sixty-ninth Ohio, behaved gallantly and with much credit to themselves. The officers and men of my command throughout have my thanks for their good conduct.

I am much indebted to my staff and orderlies for their efficient service and good conduct on the field-Captain T. G. Stevenson, acting assistant adjutant-general; G. M. Rowe, captain and provost-marshal; Lieutenant H. D. Ludden, acting inspector-general; Major John Avery, surgeon-in-chief; Captain A. E. Barr, acting commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant F. Louthan, acting quartermaster. Orderlies: Corps David L. McNutt, Corpl. George Hilliard, and Privates James M. Laboyteaux, William R. Mahood, Marmaduke Welphy, and Michael Ayers. Of the orderlies I would more particularly mention my bugler, William A. Worley, and my private orderly James M. Laboyteaux.

March 20, moved forward at 7 a.m., taking up position on the right of the Twentieth Corps and in rear of First Brigade. March 21, remained in the position of yesterday. March 22, the enemy having fallen back during the night the march was resumed on the Goldsborough road; made nine miles and encamped at 5 p.m. March 23, marched at 6 a.m. ; crossed the Neuse River on pontoon bridge and entered Goldsborough at 2 p.m. Passed through the city and went into camp two miles north 4 p.m., marching fourteen miles.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

GEO. P. BUEL,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. E. EDMONDS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 76. Report of Captain Silas A. Yerkes, Thirteenth Michigan Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH MICHIGAN VET. VOL. INFANTRY,March 25, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report in compliance with special orders of the 22nd instant:

The Thirteenth Michigan Veteran Volunteer Infantry left Savannah, Ga., January 20, 1865, with an aggregate of 636 enlisted men and 18 officers. Crossed the Savannah River at Sister's Ferry and entered Barnwell February 11 and on the following day assisted in destroying South Carolina Railroad near White Pond Station. On the 15th entered the town of Lexington, and on the 16th, after floating across the first

