
Numbers 77. Report of Captain Arthur C. Prince, Twenty-First Michigan Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST MICHIGAN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following in regard to my regiment.

The regiment broke camp at Savannah, Ga., on the 20th of January, and marched to Sister's Ferry, on the Savannah River, where we encamped for about ten days; we crossed the River on the 5th of February and marched northward; nothing of interest occurred until we struck the Charleston and Augusta Railroad, of which we destroyed about two miles, near White Pond Station. We then marched directly upon Columbia, S. C., but turned from it when within a few miles and took a northwesterly course through Lexington, S. C., crossing the Saluda and Broad Rivers; then more eastward, striking the railroad at Winnsborough, S. C., we still advanced northward, destroying the railroad track at Black Stocks Station; we then marched eastward, crossing the Wateree River at Rocky Mount, and the Great Pedee a few miles north of Cheraw, S. C.: we advanced upon the town of Fayetteville.

On the 15th of March we left Fayetteville and, crossing the Cape Fear River, proceeded northeast. On the 19th of March we met the enemy; the regiment was formed in line on the right of the brigade, on the farther side of a deep ravine and in the face of the enemy's line of works, and ordered to charge the same, which was done. The enemy proving too much for us, we were obliged to fall back, which we did to the edge of the ravine or swamp, and commenced to throw up works as best we could; however, before we could complete anything of the kind, the enemy charged upon us, and being of greater strength turned both flanks. The regiment, receiving a fire from and both flanks, was obliged to retreat. We fell back for about three-quarters of a mile and took possession of some works already thrown up, from where we were relieved by part of the Twentieth Army Corps.

The regiment lost heavily in the engagement; the casualties as they now stand are: killed, 13; wounded, 49; missing, 9; prisoners, 2.

Previous to this we lost as follows: 1 man killed, 2 missing; 1 officer and 4 men prisoners.

Our loss on the whole campaign up as follows: Killed, 14 enlisted men; wounded, 5 commissioned officers and 44 enlisted men; missing, 11 enlisted men; prisoners, 1 commissioned officers and 6 enlisted men; total, 81.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

A. C. PRICE,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain T. G. STEVENSON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 78. Report of Captain Jacob J. Rarick, Sixty-ninth Ohio Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. SIXTY-NINTH OHIO VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor report that on the 20th of January, 1865, the Sixty-ninth Regiment Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, in

