
After marching seven miles the command was ordered to camp, and in consequence of the impassable roads and the inclement state of the weather remained in camp until the 25th, at which time the brigade moved promptly and moved toward Springfield, where the Seventy-fourth Ohio Veteran Volunteers was detailed, by order of Brigadier General W. P. Carlin, commanding First Division, to remain with the train as guard until further orders.

From Springfield the command marched to Sister's Ferry on the Savannah River, and encamped until February 5, when we crossed the River and moved toward Augusta, Ga. The brigade halted to destroy railroad between Windsor and White River Pond, after which they proceeded toward Columbia, S. C., by Lexington Court-House, and crossed the Saluda River; from thence to Rockville Post-Office and Charlotte Railroad. February 22, the command was engaged destroying railroad between Youngiersville and Black Stocks; from thence marched to Rocky Mount Post-Office; the brigade was ordered to move in rear of the wagon train. On the 27th the rebels made a dash upon our lines which was quickly repulsed by the Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, who by my order threw forward skirmishers and drove them one mile and then returned to camp.

On the 28th the command crossed Catawba River, continued the march toward Big Pedee River, in North Carolina, arriving there on the 5th day of March. On the 6th crossed the River and continued the march toward Fayetteville; from thence toward Goldsborough, crossing Cape Fear River and continuing until the 16th, when I was ordered to move the brigade upon a forced march to Smith's farm, where we formed line of battle, and remained there during the night in support of the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. On the morning of the 19th of March the Third Brigade moved promptly in rear of the division. It soon became apparent that the enemy were in our front in force. Skirmishing became brisk. Soon our advance was checked. The Third Brigade, by order, was deployed in line of battle-Thirty-eighth Indiana and Twenty-First Ohio on the right flank and the Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania on the left of the road and in support of the battery. The lines was formed under a severe fire of artillery and musketry. Matters remained in that position a short time, when I threw the Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania on the right of the Thirty-eighth Indiana, with orders to throw up temporary works. This accomplished I received an order to charge the enemy's works, which order was promptly obeyed. The troops moved forward in good order through a dense thicket and swamp and charged again and again, with no chance the works in consequence of the impenetrable thicket and the depth of the swamp; and, for another important reason, that the enemy moved heavy columns on the right flank. It being evident that unless we fell back the flank would be turned I ordered the brigade to fall back and resume their places in line, which they did in good order. It soon became apparent to me that the enemy were moving on our left flank and were about to cut us off, when in check. I then received another order to move by the left flank, making connection with the Second Brigade, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. Soon I received the order to charge again, which was promptly obeyed, and this time with success, as we drove them back and held our lines until the Second Division had completed their works,

