
at which time I was myself wounded, and being compelled to leave the field, turned the command over to Lieutenant Colonel A. McMahan, Twenty-First Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

I regret the loss of many officers and men in the command, among whom was Captain J. H. Low, Thirty-eighth Indiana Veteran Volunteer Infantry, whose bravery and manly courage was conspicuous among his men. He fell mortally wounded at the head of his regiment.

To the commanding officers of the Twenty-First Ohio Thirty-eighth Indiana, and Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteer Infantry I tender my thanks for their promptness in obeying and carrying out all the orders they received and for the handsome manner in which they handled their regiments during the battle.

To Lieutenant L. G. Bodie, acting assistant adjutant-general, Captain R. M. Dysart, inspector, and Lieutenant M. K. McFaddin, provost-marshal, of my staff; who promptly conveyed my orders amid the din of battle, never faltering in their perilous duty, their cool and undaunted bravery shown conspicuous, to them I tender my thanks.

It is due to all the officers and men to say that they acquitted themselves honorably, and not only reflected honor upon themselves but nobly sustained their past reputation for bravery and undaunted courage on the field of battle.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. MILES,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Third Brigadier, First Div., Fourteenth Army Corps.

Captain J. E. EDMONDS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 80. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Arnold McMahan, Twenty-First Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with orders I have the honor to report the operations of the Third Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, from the 20th day of January to the 23rd day of March, 1865.

The brigade moved from Savannah, Ga., January 20, under command of Lieutenant Colonel D. Miles, Seventy-ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteer Infantry, and he continued to command it until the 19th day of March, when he was severely wounded in battle and the command developed upon myself. This change in command at the close of the campaign leaves this report deficient of the information which the former commander of the brigade could by reason of his position and experience embody in it. A statement in detail of the marches, guards, and other duties performed would render this report too voluminous. The command crossed the Savannah River February 5 at Sister's Ferry and moved through South Carolina, via Barnwell Court-House, White Pond, Lexington Court-House, Thompson, Winnsborough, Black Stocks, and Rocky Mount; thence via Fayetteville to Goldsborough, N. C., the distance marched being 499 miles. The brigade built eight miles of corduroy road and destroyed two miles and a half of railroad. I estimate the subsistence stores drawn from the country for

