
the use of the brigade at 40,000 rations. Four hundred and ten head of cattle were captured, but in consequence of our rapid marches 210 head died. Thirty-three horses and ninety-six mules were captured. These animals were serviceable, the worthless animals having been shot or abandoned. Two hundred horses and mules pertaining to the brigade were supplied with sufficient forage taken from the country for forty days.

The total number of prisoners captured from the enemy is thirty-one.

The following casualties occurred:

 Killed. 	 Wounded. 	 Captured.	 Missing. 	 Total.

Commissi	 1	 8	 1	 . . 	 10

oned

officers

. . .

Enlisted	 14	 58	 . . 	 40	 112

men. .

Total. .	 15	 66	 1	 40	 112

During a campaign of sixty-three days, under the circumstances which required the command to rely upon the country for subsistence two-thirds of the time, the officers, and men of the brigade conducted themselves with such high, soldier-like bearing that at this time it would appear but flattery to do more than simply refer to this subject without special mention.

But as my superior officer, Lieutenant Colonel D. Miles, is by reason of his wounds unable to report the operations of the brigade while under his command, I shall here add that I found it a pleasure to serve with him, and that in the action of 19th of March, near Bentonville, N. C., where he was wounded, he fought his brigade energetically and skillfully against superior numbers of the enemy.

Very respectfully,

A. McMahan,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. E. EDMONDS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 81. Report of Captain David H. Patton, Thirty-eight Indiana Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. THIRTY-EIGHTH INDIANA VET. VOL. INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 24, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by the Thirty-eighth Regiment Indiana Veteran Volunteer Infantry in the recent campaign commencing January 20, 1865, and ending March 23, dated at which the command reached Goldsborough, N. C.:

January 20, the Thirty-eight Regiment Indiana Veteran Volunteer Infantry, forming part of the Third Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, Lieutenant Colonel D. Miles, Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteer Infantry, commanding, broke camp near Savannah, Ga., and moved six miles north, going into camp, remaining in same till morning January 25, when the command moved northeast, passing through Springfield, Ga., and arriving near Sister's Ferry, on Savannah River, January 29, where it remained until the 5th of February, when it crossed River into South Carolina.

