
From this date the march was continued northward, passing through Barnwell, striking Charleston and Augusta Railroad at White Pond, which the command assisted in destroying near this point; continuing march, moving northeast, crossed the Edisto River, arriving at Lexington, S. C., February 15; resuming march crossed the Saluda and Broad River, passing through Winnsborough, assistant in destroying Charlotte and South Carolina River at Black Stocks; from this place marched to Catawba River, which was crossed February 28.

Marching northeast from Catawba River arrived at Great Pedde River March 5; crossed same the 6th, taking road to Fayetteville, N. C., which was reached the 11th of March. The 13th crossed the Cape Fear River, taking Goldsborough road. Morning of the 16th came up with the advance forces of our army, who had engaged the enemy near South River; the engagement progressing moved with the brigade in support of the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, which was then engaged. 17th, enemy left our front at 9 a.m., moved forward on Goldsborough road, crossing South River, camping about six miles from same. Continued march, 18th, camping at 3 p.m. The 19th moved on Goldsborough road in support of First Brigade, which becoming engaged we were put in position on the right of the road, the Twenty-First Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry on our left and the Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry on our right. Light works were thrown up, and four companies were thrown forward as skirmishers. About 2 o'clock the command was ordered forward, with the Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, for the purpose of finding the enemy's works. We advanced through a swamp so densely covered with underbrush that it was impossible to advance in line. The enemy's skirmishers were driven to their works. When within about fifty yards of their works they opened fire upon us. Captain Low, then in command of the regiment, ordered the men to lie down. At this time, through some mistake, the report was circulated that we were firing on our own men, whereupon Captain Low gave the order to cease firing. Firing from the front grew more rapid and Captain Low fell, mortally wounded. The men having no protection and being under orders not to fire, began to fall back to their former position. Captain Low then being taken from the field I took command of the regiment, which then occupied the same position it had held before the advance. The line giving way at some point on our left the enemy swung in upon our flank and rear.

The Twenty-First Ohio Volunteers being on the left and most exposed was moved to the right. I then ordered the Thirty- eighth to swing back. A new line was then formed by the brigade at about right angles with its former position, but no sooner was this line formed than its position became flanked also. We were then ordered to move forward and regain our old position. We pressed forward until the Thirty-eighth Indiana, then on the left, extended into a swamp so that it was impossible to advance in line. The enemy was then within forty yards of us. A brisk fire was then kept up for half an hour, when not only our flank but our rear became endangered. The brigade was then ordered to a position in the rear, which was occupied till the morning of the 20th, when the regiment with brigade took position in rear of that occupied the 19th. After the 19th the command took no further part in the operations of the 20th and 21st. The enemy having retreated during the night of the 22nd the regiment with brigades moved forward on Goldsborough road, going into camp at 5 p.m. the 23rd; crossed Neuse River, passing through and camping near Goldsborough, N. C., near which place the command is encamped.

