
Of the conduct of both officers and men of the regiment in the recent battle I desire saying they did their whole duty, and, had our flank been protected, not a position would have been lost. Captain Low and Lieutenant Deweese fell bravely at their posts and are lamented by the entire command.

The losses during the campaign are: 1 commissioned officer killed and 3 wounded; 3 enlisted men killed and 14 wounded, and 10 enlisted men missing.

Very respectfully, your most obedient,

D. H. PATTON,

Captain, Commanding Thirty-eighth Indiana Vet. Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant L. G. BODIE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 82. Report of Captain Samuel F. Cheney, Twenty-First Ohio Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST REGIMENT OHIO INFTY. VOLS.,Goldsborough, N. C., March 24, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with orders I have the honor to report the operations of the Twenty-First Regiment Ohio Infantry Volunteer from the 20th day of January, 1865, to the 23rd day of March, 1865.

The regiment moved, under command of Lieutenant Colonel A. McMahan, from Savannah, Ga., January 20, and remained under his command until March 19, at which time he assumed command of the Third Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

The only engagement in which the regiment took part during the campaign occurred on the 19th day of March, at [Bentonville]. In this engagement our loss was 1 enlisted man killed, 1 commissioned officer and 2 enlisted men wounded, and 10 enlisted men missing.

Two-thirds of a mile of railroad was destroyed by the regiment during the campaign. No other structures were destroyed by the regiment. The whole amount of subsistence drawn from the country cannot be correctly estimated, but in cannot fall short of 10,000 rations complete. Eleven horses and mules belonging to the regiment were supplied with forage taken from the country for forty-five days. Twenty-nine mules were captured, most of them being serviceable. Twenty-one Confederate prisoners were captured by the regiment during the campaign. There enlisted men were killed or captured straggling.

The regiment reached Goldsborough, N. C., March 23, 1865, having marched nearly 500 miles.

The following is a list of casualties occurring during the campaign.

Commissioned officers, wounded, 1; enlisted men, killed 1; wounded, 2; missing in action, 10; killed or captured straggling, 3.

Respectfully submitted.

S. F. CHENEY,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-First Ohio Volunteers.

Lieutenant L. G. BODIE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

