
Numbers 83. Report of Major Robert P. Findley, Seventy-fourth Ohio Infantry, of operations January 20-March 26.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-FOURTH OHIO VETERAN INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 27, 1865.

SIR: On the 20th day of January, 1865, the Seventy-fourth Ohio Regiment marched with the Third Brigade, First Division, from near Savannah, Ga., halting six miles distant, where we lay on account of impassable road until the morning of the 25th, when we marched rapidly. Thus we kept on until, on the 27th, the regiment was detached from brigade as guard for the First Division supply train. On the 29th we arrived at Sister's Ferry, Ga., where we lay until the 5th of February; crossed the Savannah River -. Our duty was the same from day to day. Men were captured while foraging, but we were not called upon to any fighting. Arrived at Fayetteville. Nothing worthy of note transpired until, on the 11th of March, we halted at Fayetteville; marched from that place on the 16th. On the 10th eight forage wagons were captured and burned by rebels. Two companies had been sent our with them as guard, but they were detained back loading the wagons, while they, as soon as loaded, went on unguarded and fell into the hands of the enemy. Four men of the Seventy-fourth were killed or captured; others saw no rebels when they came upon the burning wagons. On the 21st of March the right wing of the regiment was sent with supplies for the troops, at front, and on the 23rd the left wing accompanied the train to Kinston, returning on the 26th.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. P. FINDLEY,

Major, Commanding Seventy-fourth Ohio Veteran Infantry

Lieutenant BODIE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-FOURTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 31, 1865.

List of casualties in the Seventy-fourth Ohio Veteran Infantry from the 20th day of January 23rd day of March, 1865. *

R. P. FINDLEY,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 84. Report of Major Michael H. Locher, Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-NINTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOLS.,Goldsborough, N. C., March 24, 1865.

SIR: In obedience to orders from headquarters Third Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to report the operations of the Seventy-ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers from January 20 to March 24, inclusive.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 commissioned officer and 9 enlisted captured and 2 enlisted men missing.

---------------

