
The regiment moved with the brigade at 7 a.m. on the Macon road; marched seven miles and ordered on picket and relieved on the 21st by the Thirty-eighth Indiana Regiment. 21st, 22nd, 23rd, and 24th remained in camp in consequence of the bad roads which retarded our progress. 25th, moved at 7 a.m. on Sister's Ferry, road and marched fifteen miles. 26th, moved at 7 a.m. ; marched nine miles and encamped near Springfield. 27th, remained in camp near Springfield. 28th, moved at 12 a.m. eighth miles and encamped; two companies of the command were ordered for picket duty. 29th, moved at 8 a.m. two miles and encamped near Sister's Ferry. 30th, remained in camp. 31st, detail of fifty men ordered from the regiment to repair road on the opposite side of the Savannah River. Corporal O'Neil and Private Yost, of Company K, were wounded by a torpedo exploding, which were the only casualties that occurred that day by the explosion.

February 1, 2, 3, and 4, the regiment remained in camp awaiting the completion of the road. 5th, crossed the Savannah River, and marched four miles and encamped for the night. 6th, marched at 11 a.m. nine miles and bivouacked for the night. 7th, moved promptly at 7 a.m. on Orangeburg road ten miles and encamped near Lawtonville and sent out a forage detail under Lieutenant Hubley. 8th, moved one mile to cross-road. 9th, marched eighteen miles and encamped on Barnwell road. 10th, moved at 7 a.m., marched seventeen miles and a half in rear of train of the First Division. 11th, moved at 6. 30 a.m., passed through Barnwell and encamped at dusk after marching fifteen miles. 12th, moved at 7 a.m. three miles to White Pond Station on the Augusta and Charleston Railroad; took an active part in destroying the railroad at that point, and then returned to White Pond and encamped. 13th, moved at 7 a.m., crossed the South Edisto River at 4 p.m. and encamped at 7 p.m. after marching fifteen miles. 14th, moved at 7 a.m., crossed North Edisto River at 2 p.m. and encamped at Lexington and Charleston Cross-Roads, after marching nineteen miles. 15th, moved at 6. 30 a.m. on Lexington road, Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania in advance and advance guard; the enemy's vedettes were met early in the morning, and skirmishing commenced briskly and continued until 3 p.m. Six companies of the Seventy-ninth were quickly thrown forward as skirmishers, supported by the balance of the regiment and the Third Brigade. The enemy being driven back, we encamped for the night after marching ten miles. 16th, moved at 10 a.m. on Columbia road until within four miles of Columbia, S. C., when we moved to the left of the ferry road toward Saluda River, where we lay until 7 p.m., when we crossed the River on pontoons and encamped, marching twelve miles. 17th, moved at 6. 30 a.m. on Newberry road; encamped at Spring Hill Church, marching twelve miles; two companies on picket. 18th, remained in camp. 19th, moved at 10 a.m., crossed Broad River on pontoons, when the regiment was detailed to assist in destroying the Columbia and Spartanburg Railroad; returned to brigade at dark, marching the n miles. 20th, moved at 7 a.m. ; encamped at noon on the Winnsburg road near Ebenezer Church; three companies on picket; marched four miles. 21st, moved at 7 a.m., passed through Winnsborough, and encamped near White Oak Turnout, after marching seventeen miles. 22nd, moved to Woodstock Station, on Charlotte and South Carolina Railroad, destroyed the track, and encamped for the night on Camden road; marched thirteen miles. 23rd, moved at 6 a.m. twelve miles and encamped at 2 p.m. near Rocky Mount; three companies on picket. 24th and 25th, remained in camp. 26th, moved at dusk one mile; five

