
men of the command were captured while foraging. 27th, at 10 a.m. the rebels drove in the pickets. The Seventy-ninth was quickly in line and deployed as skirmishers, and after a sharp fight drove the rebels one mile, after which the regiment was again formed and ordered to proceed two miles and bring in some wounded of the division; that accomplished we returned to camp. 28th, moved at daylight and reached the Catawba River; crossed it at 3 p.m. and assisted the train to cross the bridge and to repair the road; encamped at dusk after marching three miles.

March 1, moved at 7 a.m. to Hanging Rock; marched twelve miles and encamped. 2nd, moved at 7 a.m. twelve miles and encamped at 7 p.m. 3rd started at 6 a.m., marched fifteen miles and encamped on Camden and Charlotte Cross- Roads. 4th, moved at 8 a.m. as rear guard of the train; crossed the boundary line at 9 p.m., encamped at 11 p.m. after a fatiguing march of eighteen miles. 5th, moved at 6 a.m. near Great Pedee River; encamped at 1 p.m. after marching twelve miles. 6th, moved to River and laid over for bridge to be finished. 7th, crossed the River at 1 p.m. and marched ten miles, two companies on picket duty. 8th, moved at 7 a.m. old Fayetteville road and encamped near Dead Creek, after marching twenty miles. 9th, moved at 11 a.m. on Fayetteville road three miles, and encamped at 9 p.m. 10th, moved at 6. 30 a.m. eight miles and encamped 1 p.m. ; lost 2 men, taken prisoners, and 1 wounded near Fayetteville. 11th, moved at 9 p.m., regiment as train guard; marched eleven miles and encamped near Fayetteville. 12th, remained in camp; found one wounded man in the hospital.

13th, moved at 7 a.m. through Fayetteville and across Cape Fear River and encamped; five companies on picket. 14th, remained, in camp 15th, moved at 10 a.m. eight and encamped. 16th, marched eight miles to Smith's farm; the regiment marched with the division on a forced march. The Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, having engaged the enemy, First Division, to support them, moved to the front and formed line and remained in position all night. 17th, moved to Black River and halted until the completion of the bridge, when we crossed and marched eight miles. 18th, marched eleven miles and encamped at 5 p.m. 19th, the enemy being in force in our front, skirmishing was kept up briskly; Seventy-ninth, in rear of the Third Brigade, which was in advance of the left wing line, was formed under a galling of artillery and musketry; son a general engagement was entered into; the Seventy-ninth was on the left of brigade supporting the battery; by an order received we changed position to the right of the brigade and then threw up works. Having received an order to charge the enemy's works, the Seventy-ninth came up to the work handsomely, but not being properly supported on the flanks, an from the nature of the ground, it became apparent that we could not take the works, and it soon, became necessary to change position and form line faced to the rear, from the fact that the rebels were outflanking us. Again did we charge the rebels, who had left their main line of works, no doubt thinking that victory was theirs. Charge again is the command, and they broke in confusion, when we held the ground until they hurled solid columns upon our small band, when the regiment was relieved by the Seventeenth New York, Second [First] Brigade, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, after being out of ammunition and the men very much exhausted from the terrible fighting of the day. The loss of the day: 10 enlisted men killed 4, commissioned officers and 30 enlisted men wounded, 1 commissioned officer and 5 enlisted men missing, besides, some 8 or 10 whose wounds were of so

