
slight a nature that they remained on the field. 20th, remained in line of battle, having been changed to the third line, in connection with the division. 21st, still in line of battle. 22nd, the rebels having been beaten at all points, retreated in dismay, burning bridges in their retreat, leaving their dead and wounded in our hands; moved at 9 a.m. on the 22nd and marched nine miles and encamped. 23rd, moved at 8 a.m., passed through Goldsborough, and encamped with orders to rest.

The regiment maintained its reputation on the march for manly endurance, and when brought before the enemy, although terribly outnumbered, for eight hours they gallantly maintained their position and held at bay an enemy over flushed with the prospect of annihilating everything before it.

To Captain John S. McBride, acting major, and all the officers and men of the command, is all the praise awarded that I can give for true bravery and manly courage on the field of battle.

Major William H. White, surgeon of the Seventy-ninth, was on hand displaying his usual skill in the discharge of his duties on the field.

The total loss of the Seventy-ninth, commencing on the 20th of January and ending the 24th of March, is 10 enlisted men killed, 4 commissioned officers wounded, 42 enlisted men wounded; 1 officer missing, 17 enlisted men missing; total, 74.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. H. LOCHER,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant L. G. BODIE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 85. Report of Brigadier General James D. Morgan, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 29, 1865.

COLONEL: In compliance with circular issued at Colonel Easton's plantation, N. C., March 19, 1865, I have the honor herewith to submit the following report of the operations of my division from the fall of Savannah, Ga., to the occupation of Goldsborough, N. C.: The close of my last report* left my command in camp near Savannah, where they remained until the morning of the 20th of January, some twenty-eight days. During this time active preparations were being made to prepare and refit my command for the campaign just closed.

January 19, received marching orders from corps headquarters, and at daylight on the 20th broke camp and moved out on the Milledgeville road, the First Brigade leading; went into camp near the Eleven-Mile Post on the Georgia Central Railroad; remained in this camp until the 25th; raining almost continually. January 25, moved at 7 a.m., the Second Brigade leading, marching fourteen miles; went into camp seven miles South of Springfield. January 26, moved at 7 a.m., Third Brigade leading; went into camp at Springfield, marching

---------------

* See Vol. XLIV, p. 180.

---------------

31 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

