
seven miles. January 27, moved at 7 a.m., the Firs Brigade leading; marched six miles and went into camp at Berry's plantation. January 28, moved at 8 a.m., Second Brigade in the advance, marching six miles. By order from corps headquarters took up a position across Augusta road, one mile above Sister's Ferry; remained in this position until the 5th of February. During this time heavy details were daily made to remove obstructions and build road on the east side of Savannah River, men working in the water from ankle to waist deep, but with the usual good nature and determination that always characterize the American Volunteer. At 4 p.m. my command commenced crossing the Savannah, leaving the Thirty-fourth Illinois as pickets; went into camp at the bluff, about two miles and a half above Sister's Ferry; remained in this camp during the 7th and 8th. On the evening of the 8th finished loading my train; the transports and gun-boat returned to Savannah; pontoon taken up and pickets withdrawn. A small force of the enemy in sight, but no attack made. February 8, division moved at daylight; marched seven miles and went into camp at Brighton, one brigade crossing Little Ebenezer. February 9, moved at 7 a.m., crossing Ebenezer Creek and marching twenty miles; went into camp at King's Creek.

February 10, moved at 6. 30 a.m., Second Brigade leading; marched twenty miles and encamped near Boling Spring. February 11, moved at 6. 30 a.m., First Brigade in the advance; marched eleven miles, crossing the Salkehatchie and Turkey Creek, passing through Barnwell; camped at Tarletton's Cave. February 12, moved at 6. 30 a.m., Second Brigade leading; marched seventeen miles, crossing the Charleston and Augusta Railroad at Williston. All the trains of the corps moved with my division to-day; went into camp at the South Edisto River. February 13, moved at 8. 30, crossing the South Edisto, leaving the trains with General Baird, by order of corps commander; marched six miles and went into camp at Dean's Swamp. February 14, moved at 6. 30 a.m., First Brigade leading, marched seventeen miles, built bridge, and crossed North Fork of Edisto, and went into camp at Cedar Creek. February 15, moved at 7. 30 a.m. Second Brigade in advance; marched seventeen miles and encamped three miles from Lexington. Wheeler's cavalry were close upon my front and left flank to-day. Captain Stinson and Lieutenant Bridges, of my staff, each captured a prisoner. February 16, moved at 6. 30 a.m., by order of corps commander, upon Columbia, via Lexington and Leaphart's Mill; when within three miles of Columbia received or Columbia received orders direct from General Sherman to halt. Subsequently, by order from corps commander, my division was counter-marched to Leaphart's, and going into camp, near the Saluda River, having marched eighteen miles. February 17, moved at 6 a.m., First Brigade leading; marched seventeen miles, crossing the Saluda River. Pontoon train ordered forward. Having secured an old ferry-flat the Second Brigade commenced crossing about midnight, and by daylight were over the River. During the day the Third Brigades crossed the River by using the ferry-flat and a pontoon-boat. February 19, at 6 a.m., the pontoon having been completed, the First Brigade and battery and transportation of the division crossed Broad River; marched five miles; went into camp near Thompson's house; four miles of railroad destroyed, and the trains of the corps were reported for orders. February 20, moved at 6 a.m., with the trains of the corps in charge, marching six miles; went into camp at Ebenezer Church, on Little River. February 21, moved at 10 a.m., corps train in charge, with orders to proceed to

