
Winnsborough; when within three miles and a half of that place received orders to move to White Oak; countermarched to the Chester Court-House road, then to its intersection with the Monticello and Winnsborough road; went into camp six miles northwest of Winnsborough and two miles and a half of Columbia, and Charlotte (N. C.) Railroad, marching thirteen miles. February 22, marched at 6 a.m. with corps train in charge; at railroad detained two hours for First and Third Division to pass; moved up the railroad to White Oak Station, thence eastward to Wateree Church; here the Twentieth Corps had the road; went into camp, having marched ten miles. February 23, moved at 8 a.m., Second Brigade in advance, corps train in charge; detained two house at cross-road for First and Third Divisions to pass; went into camp at Rocky Creek, having marched ten miles; raining heavy during the afternoon; roads bad, and the rear of the train did not reach camp until 2 a.m. February 24, moved at 10. 30 a.m., crossing the Catawba in rear of the trains of Twentieth Corps, marching four miles; went into camp two miles east of the River, remaining during the 25th, 26th, and 27th. At this point was met the greatest detention and difficulties encountered during the campaign-a broad, turbulent, and rising River, road without bottom, raining almost constantly. My command was constantly on fatigue duty, making and remaking road and assisting the trains of the corps, but by steady and persevering efforts all difficulties were overcome, and at 11 a.m. on the 28th moved forward, marching four miles and a half; went into camp; reserve artillery and ammunition trains moved with the division to-day.

March 1, moved at 6 a.m., marching twenty-one miles; went into camp two miles east of Little Lynch's Creek. March 2, moved at 6 a.m., Third Brigade leading, marching thirteen miles; went into camp east of Lynch's Creek; corps artillery and ammunition train still moving with the division. March 3, moved at 6 a.m., marching twenty-three miles; went into camp on Thompson' Creek. The bridge across the creek having been destroyed a new one was constructed during the night by Second Brigade. March 4, moved at 6 a.m., marching fifteen miles, and crossing into North Carolina. Went into camp on west side of Pedee River, remaining during the 5th and 6th. At 3. 30 p.m. on the 7th commenced crossing the Pedee River, a detachment of the Second Brigade covering the movement, a small force of the enemy appearing as the pickets were being withdrawn. March 8, moved at 6 a.m., marching twenty-five miles; went into camp on Hitchcock's Creek, reserve artillery, ammunition, and pontoon trains moving with this division; raining hard most of the day. March 9, moved at 7. 30 a.m., marching twenty-two miles; went into camp east side of Rockfish Creek; pontoon train, by direct order of General Slocum, reported to Twentieth Corps at Drowning Creek; roads very bad to-day from long and continuous rains; a very violent shower just at dark destroyed what little of the road was left, and the Third Brigade working all night with the trains, the rear not reaching camp until after sunrise. March 10, moved at 7 a.m., marching twelve miles; went into camp at the Thirteen-Mile Post from Fayetteville; a brigade of General Kilpatrick's cavalry surprised this morning on my left; when near the Eighteen-Mile Post received orders from corps headquarters to send a brigade from my command to their assistance; General Mitchell's brigade was ordered to the left for that duty; Major Holmes, in command of forages of Third Brigade, drove in the rebel pickets to the Five-Mile Post to-day. March 11, moved at 9 a.m., marching twelve miles; went into camp at Fayetteville. March 12, at 7 p.m. commenced crossing Cape Fear River with my

