
command, marching three miles; bivouac for the night. March 13, took up a position one mile farther east of Raleigh road; a rather strong force of the enemy having shown themselves in my front three regiments of the First Brigade were ordered forward, who drove them some two miles. March 14, in camp. March 15, moved at 9 a.m., marching eleven miles; went into camp at Kyle's Landing. March 16, moved at 9 a.m., following the Twentieth Corps; at 10 a.m. received orders from corps headquarters to send a brigade to the front; the Second Brigade being in the advance, moved at once; at 12 m. received orders to move forward with my two remaining brigades, but, as the road was very bad, not to double-quick or exhaust my men. Subsequently received orders to go into camp, but soon after another order to move forward. This last order was executed with promptness. Arriving near the scene of action I was directed in person by the corps commander to deploy a brigade on the right of the Smith' Ferry road and feel forward for General Mitchell's left, whose brigade was in line of battle on left of Raleigh road. This movement was promptly executed by the Third Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General Fearing commanding, and, forming upon the left of Second Brigade in two lines, a brisk skirmish at once commenced along the front of both of these brigades. The enemy had already been driven from his more advanced work, but was now found in stronger and better constructed ones and in heavier force, and seemed disposed to dispute our farther advance. The First Brigade coming up, were held in reserve. Soon after General Fearing reported to me that a heavy force was in his front and extending beyond his left, with a bad swamp in his front and left. I at once determined to form the First Brigade on General Fearing's left, strongly believing that by so doing the enemy's right would be outflanked and turned. The corps commander was notified of the movement and met with his consent and approval. With great difficulty the First Brigade succeeded in crossing the swamp or ravine and, forming in echelon by regiments, advanced, but met by a heavy and destructive fire from the enemy behind works, in front of which was another deep ravine or creek and extending to the River; it would have been worse than folly to have attempted a farther advance. I was much disappointed in the results, being confident that the movement would outflank the enemy's position. By subsequent orders from corps commander this brigade was withdrawn (leaving a strong skirmish line) and formed in reserve in rear of Third Brigade.

This was a warm and spirited affair while it lasted; but I take pleasure in saying that all performed their whole duty. I have to regret the loss of over 100 brave soldiers; among them several brave and valuable officers, among them Lieutenant -Colonel Lake, Seventeenth New York Veteran Volunteer Infantry, and Captain White, Sixteenth Illinois, and commanding that regiment.

For a more detailed report of names and merit of officers I respectfully refer to brigade reports, herewith submitted.

March 17, at daylight this morning received reports from each brigade that the enemy had abandoned their works in our front and that our skirmish line now occupied them. At 8. 30 a.m., following the First Division, moved forward on Goldsborough road to Black River. By order from corps headquarters took a road to the left; crossing Black River went into camp two miles east of Mingon Creek, marching eight miles. March 18, moved at 5. 30 a.m. on Goldsborough road. The foragers of the command found the enemy in our front, and drove them to and across Bushy Swamp, where they took up a strong position and

