
opened with artillery. The First and Second Brigade were deployed in two lines, with a regiment from each as skirmishers; were ordered to advance. The appearance of strong infantry lines was sufficient to turn the enemy to the rear about. General Sherman coming up, by his direct order the command was halted; at 4 p.m. received orders to go into camp, crossing one brigade to the east side of the swamp. Strong pickets were thrown out, having learned that Wade Hampton, with a large cavalry force, was in our immediate front. Our march to-day, twelve miles. March 19, moved at 8. 30 a.m., following First Division, Second Brigade leading, marching five miles, when, just after 11 a.m., received orders to move forward two of my brigades to the assistance of General Carlin; arriving in rear of his line was directed to deploy one of my brigades and move to the right, and feel forward for the right of General Carlins' line and form thereon. The Second Brigade, General Mitchell commanding, was intrusted with the execution of this order and was soon promptly in the position indicated. The Third Brigade, General Fearing commanding, was ordered to form in rear of the right of the Second Brigade in close columns of regiments. The Seventy-eighth Illinois, of Second Brigade, was ordered forward as skirmishers, and a company from One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois, of Third Brigade, was ordered to the rear and right across a swamp near of the right flank of main line. The advanced skirmishers soon reported the enemy in front and in works, and that they were moving to our right. A staff officer was at once dispatched to corps commander with this information, and a request that I might order up the First Brigade (left with the trains), which was granted. This brigade, upon reaching the ground formed on the right of the Second Brigade, in two lines, its right resting upon the swamp before mentioned, and the Sixtieth Illinois, deployed as skirmishers, relieving a regiment of the Third Brigade (One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois), sent previously to the right in support of Seventy-eighth Illinois. This was the disposition of my division previous to the battle of Troublefield's Swamp:

The First and Second Brigades deployed in two lines, my right resting on an almost impassable swamp, and on that account not refused, and Lieutenant-Colonel Miles, Third Brigade, First Division, on my left, the Third Brigade in reserve in two lines, the general direction of the line nearly at right angles with the Averasborough and Goldsborough road; the ground, a low swamp, impassable for artillery. I therefore did not order forward my battery; but it did good service on the left of the road, where the ground was higher and more open. Good log-works were rapidly thrown up in front of both lines, and had much to do with the success of my command later in the day. About 2. 30 p.m. received orders to relieve Lieutenant-Colonel Miles (Third Brigade, First Division.) Before this order could be executed firing was heard upon my left and rear, and the corps commander coming up at that moment informed me that the center and left had been broken, and that the enemy had gained the rear and was moving toward the trains, and by his order the Third Brigade changed front to the left, and forming nearly parallel to the road, moving out promptly and gallantly, was soon los sight of in the thick swamp. I immediately sent Captain Wiseman, my assistant adjutant-general, to General Mitchell to at once refuse his left and I would send to his support his second line. This cool and gallant officer had already anticipated my order. His second line was at once ordered to form on and support his left. The march of the Third Brigade being nearly perpendicular to my line every step they took uncovered the gap between their right and the

