
left of Second Brigade. The second line of the First Brigade was then ordered to the left and form on left of Second Brigade. My whole division was drawn out into a single line, and the question now was could we hold it.

The results show that brave soldiers do almost anything they resolve to do. The works of the First and Second Brigades were never given up, although attacked in front, flank, and absolutely in the rear, and to fight in their own works in reverse. The Third Brigade had no works; their duty was, if possible, to check the enemy; when first struck their right gave way and some little confusion ensued, but changing front to the rear upon the left rallied and held their ground firmly. Their brave commander, Brevet Brigadier-General Fearing, being severely wounded, refused for a long time to leave the field, but finally, at the earnest solicitation of his officers, consented to do so, turning the command over to Lieutenant-Colonel Langley, One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois, being the second time this meritorious had taken charge of this brigade in battle. Later in the day General Cogswell's brigade, First Division, Twentieth Corps, moved forward most beautifully upon the right of the Third Brigade, driving the enemy and recovering nearly all the lost ground. General Mitchell's brigade never lost an inch, although several times charged upon by the enemy. General Vandever's brigade on the right was at one time surrounded; one fact will show this. After the center and left was broken the enemy commenced massing troops on their left and made a heavy charge upon my extreme right. The charge was repulsed and General Vandever ordered a counter-charge, which was gallantly made and the enemy driven back to his works, taking several hundred prisoners, the Fourteenth Michigan taking a battle-flag. While this was being done the enemy from the rear gained the second line of works of this brigade. A face about and a charge to the rear was made and another battle flag was captured by the Fourteenth Michigan; both of these flags are now in the possession of that regiment, and I most respectfully request that the regiment be allowed to retain them. Night only put an end to this severe and unequal contest. The enemy had been defeated in his attempt by sheer force of numbers to crush and drive us from our position. I have to regret the loss of about 400 brave men (the enemy's los was at least double that number), among them several officers-Brevet Brigadier-General Fearing, commanding Third Brigade, severely wounded, also Lieutenant-Colonel Pearce, of the Ninety-eighth Ohio. A more particular list will be found in brigade reports herewith forwarded. When all do well it is unjust to discriminate. I am under great obligations to General Vandever, Mitchell, and Brevet Brigadier General Fearing, for the prompt and skillful manner with which they handled their respective commands, and their coolness and bravery in action. My staff, as usual, were active and prompt in discharging their respective duties. Lieutenant Scroffs, assistant commissary of musters was wounded in trying to rally stragglers. Captain Wiseman, my assistant adjutant-general, succeeded in rallying some 500 men of the First Division late in the day. During the night but little firing on skirmish line.

March 20, at daylight foragers commenced coming up and joining their commands. During the morning the Third Brigade, having been relieved from their position on the left of General Cogswell's brigade, returned to their former position in reserve. During the early morning the enemy were reported moving to our right. At 11 a.m. they commenced moving to our left; at 12 m. skirmish line of First Brigade

