
entered the enemy's works. An advance was at once ordered and the enemy found in a more refused line and behind strong works. Skirmishing continued during the day. About 3 p.m. skirmishers from the Seventeenth Corps came up and formed on my right, and soon after from General Hazen's division, Fifteen Corps. My lines were changed from a northeast to nearly a northwest front, all the brigades in line, General Hazen's Fifteenth Corps on the right and General Carlin's division on my left. March 21, skirmishing continued during the day, and lines were somewhat advanced and strengthened. 22nd, at daylight received from each brigade that their skirmishers had possessions of the enemy's works and were pushing forward. Moved at 9 a.m., marching six miles; went into camp near Cox's Bridge. March 23, marched at 8. 30, crossing Neuse River; passing through Goldsborough, went into camp two miles north of town, on the west side of Weldon railroad, thus ending the campaign.

In closing this report I would not be doing justice to my command or myself did I fail to mention the general good conduct of my command. A campaign extraordinary in its duration and its length of march in midwinter through a country noted for its broad rivers, bad roads, and almost impassable swamps; and in addition to these natural difficulties the elements were against us, it having rained almost continually. All these difficulties have been met and overcome with a cheerfulness, promptness, and determination truly astonishing. Whether it was making a road, long and forced marches, wading swamps, or fighting the enemy, no such thing as fail was know, but confidence and success was the watchword. To my brigade commanders -General Vandever, Mitchell, and Fearing -I am under special obligations for their zeal and promptness in executing orders, and for the skillful and soldierly manner in which they have handled their respective command. My own personal staff, as usual, have performed all their duty.

As in my former reports I respectfully but earnestly urge the promotion of all that are entitled to it from their present staff positions. I regret that I have to except any one from praise and credit, but I have some men in my command - and I am sorry to say, if nor assisted, at least encouraged, by a few officers (I hope for the name of the service very few)-who have mistaken the name and meaning of the term foragers, and have become under that name highwaymen, with all their cruelty and ferocity and none of their courage; their victims are usually old men, women, and children, and negroes, whom they rob and maltreat without mercy, firing dwellings and outhouses even when filled with grain that the army need, and sometimes endangering the trains by the universal firing of fences. These men are a disgrace to the name of soldier and or country. I desire to place upon record my detestation and abhorrence of their acts.

Forwarded with this report is a list of casualties (A), list of prisoners (B), number of miles traveled each day (C), and number of horses, mules, and cattle captured (D). *

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Div., Fourteenth Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. McCLURG,

Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps.

---------------

* Inclosure C not found.

---------------

