
Numbers 86. Journal of Second Division of operations January 20-March 24.

January 20. -In accordance with orders from corps commander the division moved at 7 a.m. ; marched ten miles; roads bad. Rained in afternoon. First Brigade, battery, Second Brigade, Third Brigade.

January 21. -In camp; rained most of the day.

January 22. -In camp; rainy. Major Petri mustered out.

January 23. -In camp. Captain Race relieved. Captain Stinson relieved from duty as provost-marshal and assigned to duty as inspector-general. Captain Craft detailed as provost-marshal. Rained most of the night.

January 24. - In camp; clear and cold. Orders to march at 7 o'clock to-morrow.

January 25. -Division moved at 7 a.m. ; marched fourteen miles, camping at James J. Nieces' place, twenty-four miles from Savannah, seven from Springfield. Second Brigade, battery, Third Brigade, First Brigade.

January 26. - Division moved at 7 a.m. ; marched seven miles, camping at Springfield. General Davis' headquarters in town. Third Brigade, battery, First Brigade, Second Brigade.

January 27. -Division moved at 7 a.m. ; marched six miles; camped at Frank Berry's. Order of march: First Brigade, battery, Second Brigade, Third Brigade.

January 28. - Division moved at 8 a.m., marched six miles, camping on Augusta road one mile from Sister's Ferry. Gun-boat officers in camp reported torpedoes at the ferry, &amp;c. Second Brigade, battery, Third Brigade, First Brigade.

January 29. -In camp. Generals Slocum, Davis, and Morgan went up the River on gun-boat Pontiac, with 100 men from Third Brigade. General Morgan and Capts. Theodore Wiseman and R. B. Stinson went two miles and a half out into South Carolina. Met Captain Clark from General Williams. Twentieth Corps at Robertsville to-night. Savannah River very high.

January 30. - In camp. Savannah River falling. Prospect of being able to cross day after to-morrow.

January 31. - In camp. One torpedo exploded while clearing the road on South Carolina -, badly wounding two men of the Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania. Provost-marshal and sick of the division sent to Savannah. Two cases of small-pox in camp.

February 1. - In camp.

February 2. -In camp. First Brigade reviewed by General Vandever. Prospect of being able to commence crossing to-morrow. Seven cases of small-pox sent to Doctor Watson from Twentieth Corps.

February 3. - In camp.

February 4. - In camp. Trains and troops of the Twentieth and Fifteenth Corps crossed the River.

February 5. - First Division commenced crossing at daylight; crossed by 8. 30 a.m. Third consumed from then till 2. 30 p.m. Reserve artillery and corps headquarters followed. Our division commenced at 4 p.m. Pontoons taken up twice to pass boats. General came into camp with the rear to the highlands at 10 p.m. Camped for the night; distance two miles and a half. Non-veterans of Tenth Michigan mustered out by Lieutenant Scroggs.

February 6 and 7. - In camp.

