
February 8. - Division moved at 7 a.m. ; marched seven miles, camping at Brighton.

February 9. - Division moved at 7 a.m. ; marched twenty miles, camping on King's Division in our front on same road. Headquarters at William Garven's burn house. Second Brigade, battery, Third Brigade, First Brigade.

February 10. - Division moved at 6. 30 a.m. ; marched twenty-miles; camped one mile from Boiling Springs and eight from Barnwell. Third Brigade, battery, First Brigade, Second Brigade.

February 11. - Division moved at 6. 30 a.m. ; marched eleven miles. Crossed Salkehatchie and Turkey Creeks, passing through Barnwell. Headquarters at Tarletton's Cave. Order of march: First Brigade, battery, Second Brigade, Third Brigade.

February 12. - Division moved at 6. 30 a.m. ; marched seventeen miles, passing over Charleston and Augusta Railroad at Williston, camping on both banks of South Edisto River, trains of First and Third Division following; also pontoon and reserve artillery. Third Division, Twentieth Corps, left here this morning.

February 13. -Division commenced crossing the River at 8. 30 a.m. Second Brigade on South side of the River until division train passed, when General Davis ordered the division to move on, leaving train for General Baird to look after. Marched six miles, camping at Dean's Swamp.

February 14. - Division moved at 6 a.m. ; marched seventeen miles, crossing the North Fork of Edisto River (bridging the stream), camping at Cedar Creek, seventeen miles and a half from Columbia. Order of march: First Brigade, battery, Second Brigade, Third Brigade. Headquarters at Widow Hutton's.

February 15. - Division moved at 7. 30 a.m. in rear of First Division, Michigan Engineers, and pontoon trains; after moving six miles took a left-hand road, then the Two-Notch road running to the right, marching fifteen miles; camp three miles from Lexington; 2 of Wheller's men and 3 horses captured; lieutenant of Battery C, First Illinois, captured; Captain Todd hurt by his horse falling.

February 16. - Division moved at 6 a.m., passing through Lexington and via Leaphart's Mills, within three miles of Columbia; their countermarched to Leaphart's house, going into camp at dark (marching eighteen miles), seven miles from Columbia and one mile and a half South of Saluda River. Order of march: Third Brigade, battery, First Brigade, Second Brigade.

February 17. - Division moved at 6 a.m., crossing Saluda River; pontooned 375 feet; were detained two hours by the First Post-Office; camping at Freshley's Mills, on Broad River; forage plenty on the way; pontoon train ordered up.

February 18. - Most of Second Brigade crossed Broad River by sunrise; Third Brigade by dark on old ferry-boats; pontoons not finished; General Baird with train closed up.

February 19. (Sunday). -Pontoon finished at 6 a.m. ; First Brigade crossed, and transportation with battery of division; then division moved on Thompson's house, and halted for further orders; destroyed four miles of railroad, whilst First and Third Divisions passed to the front. Trains of the corps left with the division; marched five miles. Order of march: Second Brigade, battery, First Brigade, Third Brigade.

