
February 20. - Division moved at 6 a.m., trains of the corps following. Marched six miles, camping at Ebenezer Church, on Little River. First Division crossed it to our front. Order of march: Third Brigade, battery First Brigade, Second Brigade.

February 21. - Division moved at 10 a.m., train of corps in charge of Third Brigade. Went to within three miles and a half of Winnsborough, when we were ordered to White Oak. First Brigade passed by Lebanon Church. Battery and Second Brigade countermarched to the Chester Court-House road, moving on it to the Winnsborough and Monticello road, moving on it to the right, camping six miles from Winnsborough and two miles and a half from Columbia and Charlotte (N. C.) Railroad. Marched thirteen miles. Headquarters at Turner's (commissary in rebel army).

February 22. - Division moved at 6 a.m. First Brigade in charge of corps train at railroad were detailed two hours for First and Third Divisions to pass; then moved up the railroad to White Oak Station; then eastward to Wateree Church (marching ten miles), camping for the Twentieth Corps to pass. Headquarters at Harper's. Second Brigade, battery, Third Brigade, First Brigade.

February 23. - Division moved at 8 a.m. ; Second Brigade in charge of corps train. Were detained at cross-roads two hours for First and Third Divisions to pass. Marched ten miles, camping on Rocky Creek. Commenced raining at 4 p.m. Trains until 2 a.m. (24th) getting into park. Captain Wilde and Lieutenant Floyd captured. Order of march: Third Brigade, battery, First Brigade, Second Brigade.

February 24. - Division moved at 10. 30 a.m. in rear of Twentieth Corps train. It had rained all night, making the roads very muddy. Crossed the Catawba River (thirty-two boats), marching four miles, camping two miles east of the River. Train of First Division followed; that of Second and third Divisions left north of the River. A soldier of One hundred and thirteenth Ohio shot by one of Fifteen Corps.

February 25. - The day spent in making corduroy road. Corps headquarters and Third Division train came over the River. Still raining; the River so high that it was very dangerous to cross. Three miles of corduroy road make by the division.

February 26. - Pontoon washed away during the night of 25th; cleared up during the forenoon; River falling a little in the afternoon. Captain Wild and Lieutenant Floyd returned. Twentieth Corps fifteen miles in our front.

February 27. - River falling a little. General Buell ordered to take charge of lying pontoons, who moved it half a mile down the River and had it completed by 11 p.m. Six regiments from our division and Thirteenth Michigan made road up to the old one in the afternoon. General Baird's troops commenced to cross upon the completion of the pontoon. General [Morgan], Captains Wiseman, Stinson, and Lieutenant Bridges at the River until the bridge was laid.

February 28. - Division moved at 11 a.m., marching four miles and a half. Third Brigade in charge of division train. Order of march: First Brigade, Second Brigade, reserve artillery, train, Third Brigade.

March 1. - Division moved at 6 a.m., marching twenty-one miles, camping two mils east of Little Lynch's Creek, passing over Hanging Rock Creek, near Ingraham's plantation. Order of march: Second Brigade, battery, Third Brigade, reserve artillery, and train; First Brigade in charge of division train.

