
March 2. - Division moved at 6 a.m., marching thirteen miles, camping east of Lynch's Creek. Order of march: Third Brigade, battery, First Brigade, division hospital, reserve artillery, and train; Second Brigade in charge of division train.

March 3. - Division marched at 6 a.m. ; marched twenty-three miles, camping on the southwest side of Thompson's Creek, one mile from North Carolina line. Bridge over creek burnt; repaired by Second Brigade.

March 4. - Division moved at 6 a.m. ; marched fifteen miles, camping on west side of Pedee River. Marched into North Carolina four miles. One division of the Twentieth Corps camped two miles to our left. Order of march: Second Brigade, battery, Third Brigade, division hospital, reserve artillery, and train; division hospital, reserve artillery, and train; division train in charge of First Brigade. March 5 (Sunday). - In camp. Pontoon arrived at 10. 30 a.m. First and Third Divisions came up during the day, Kilpatrick in the night. Anchorage bad and bridge not finished. Cool but sunny day.

March 6. - In camp. Pontoon finished and cavalry commenced crossing at sundown. One regiment of Second Division, One hundred and eighth Ohio, at General Slocum's headquarters. One of General Kilpatrick's men was marched through the command with "Kilpatrick's horse-thief" on his back.

March 7. - Division commenced crossing at 3. 30 p.m. Order of march: Third Brigade, battery, First Brigade, division hospital and division train, reserve artillery, transportation of Second Brigade, pontoon train, Second Brigade train. One hundred and fifty men left to cross in pontoon-boats; finished crossing at 10 p.m.

March 8. - Division moved at 6 a.m. ; marching twenty-five miles, camping on Hitchcock's Creek, in rear of First and Third Divisions; Twentieth Corps close on our right. Rained most of the day. Third Brigade, battery, First Brigade, division hospital, division train, reserve artillery and train, pontoon train; Second Brigade in charge of trains. Three regiments of First Brigade ordered to assist the train in the afternoon. Enemy's cavalry reported in strength on our left and rear.

March 9. - Division moved at 7. 30 a.m. ; marched twenty-two miles, camping on west side of Rockfish Creek. Halted for dinner on east side of Drowning Creek. Struck Fayetteville plank road at the Thirty-five Mile Post. Rained hard near night. Order of march: First Brigade, battery, Second Brigade, hospital train; division train in charge of Third Brigade. Pontoon train ordered by General Slocum to join Twentieth Corps, west of Drowing Creek.

March 10. - Division moved at 7 a.m. ; marched twelve miles, camping at the Thirteen-Mile Post from Fayetteville. Division train and Third Brigade did not get into camp until after daylight this morning. Order of march: Second Brigade, battery, hospital and division train. Near the Eighteen-Mile Post Second Brigade was ordered to report to General Kilpatrick, four miles to the left. One regiment of First Brigade came to the front; Third Brigade passed to the rear of battery on flank of the train. Kilpatrick surprised in camp with his dismounted men and one brigade. Major Holmes, in charge of Third Brigade foragers, drove the rebel pickets to the Five-Mile Post.

March 11. - Division moved at 9 a.m. ; marched ten miles, going into camp at Two-Mile Post. Second Brigade rejoined division at 9 p.m. yesterday. Headquarters established at Mrs. Huske's, formerly J. C.

