
Dobbin's. Advance of Seventeenth Army Corps arrived about the same time of our advance; Third Division, 12 m. Enemy retreating across the Cape Fear River and burning the bridge.

March 12 (Sunday). - Division moved at dark, crossing Cape Fear River. Encamped three miles on east side. Headquarters not changed. March 13. -Division moved at sunrise. Marched one mile out on Raleigh road. Headquarters moved to east side of the River to Mr. Bealey's house. Forages of Third Brigade, commanded by Major Holmes, and Sixtieth Illinois sent forward to reconnoiter; found the enemy two miles out. Two other regiments were sent out, when the enemy withdrew. One man of Company C, Sixtieth Illinois, was wounded. March 14. - In camp. Orders at night for the division to move at 9 a.m. Refugees and negroes all sent to east end of pontoon bridge; sick and wounded put on board transports for Wilmington.

March 15. - Captain Goddard and Walker, Lieutenants Moore and Bridges, Chaplain Walker and non-veterans of Sixtieth Illinois started for Wilmington. Division moved at 9 a.m. Brigade and regimental transportation moved in rear of Second Brigade. Marched eleven miles toward Raleigh, camping at Kyle's Landing. Order of march; First Brigade, battery, Second Brigade, reserve artillery; Third Brigade in charge of division trains.

March 16. - Division moved at 9 a.m. in rear of Kilpatrick, and two divisions of Twentieth Corps at 10 a.m. Second Brigade ordered to the front, and at 12 m. Third and First Brigades were ordered up. The division was formed on the left of the Twentieth Corps and Raleigh road. First Brigade passed over a deep ravine and extended its left to Cape Fear River. Moved forward and found the enemy behind works. Heavy skirmishing along the entire front. Captain Barnett, Seventeenth New York, killed. Captain White, Sixteenth Illinois; Captain Higgins, Fourteenth Michigan; Lieutenant-Colonel Lake, Seventeenth New York, wounded. Before our division came up Kilpatrick and Twentieth Corps had driven them from two lines of works, capturing three pieces of artillery. Marched six miles. Rainy in afternoon and night.

March 17. - Enemy found to be gone at daylight toward Raleigh. Division moved at 8. 30 a.m. in rear of First Division east of Goldsborough road. At Black River our division passed over a bridge to the left of First Division and moved on to the front, marching eight miles, camping two miles east of Mingo Creek. Ten or 12 killed and 70 or 80 wounded in yesterday's fight. The enemy's line had been badly selected and hastily fortified.

March 18. - Division moved at 5. 30 a.m. toward Goldsborough. Foragers found the enemy six miles out, drove them back to Bushy Swamp, where they opened with artillery on them. First Brigade was deployed on right and Second Brigade on left of the road, Tenth Michigan and Thirty-fourth Illinois as skirmishers. Both went forward together, when the skirmishers drove them from their position. Command then halted by direct order of General Sherman. At 4 p.m. were ordered to camp for the night. Third Brigade and division headquarters on east side of swamp. Citizens report that Wade Hampton, with two brigades, was here. Tenth Michigan had one man killed. Order of march: First Brigade, battery, reserve artillery; Third Brigade in charge of train.

March 19 (Sunday). - Division moved at 8. 30 a.m. in rear of First Division. Marched five miles, when Second and Third Brigades were

