
ordered to the front. First Division deployed on both side the road. Second Brigade deployed in two lines on Carlin's right; Third massed in its rear. Skirmishes found the enemy in works. First Brigade then moved up and deployed in two lines on right of Second Brigade. All threw up log-works. At 1 p.m. the enemy advanced on Carlin's left and a brigade of Twentieth Corps, in his support, breaking their lines and driving them back. Lieutenant-Colonel Litchfield had just directed the general to relieve General Carlin's right brigade with his Third. As the command commenced moving General Davis came up, saying that the enemy were coming more on our left rear, and directed the Third Brigade to be deployed parallel with the road and press them back. This movement threw the right too far from the left of Second Brigade, and when the enemy again moved forward the right was driven back. The again reformed at right angles with the road, which position they held till dark; then, being driven back, left a large gap to the left of Second Brigade, which was partially filled by the second lines of First and Second Brigades, and soon afterward by fighting in front of First and Second Brigades were desperate, being flanked both fight and left. First Brigade fought on both sides of their works. The enemy was severely punished. From captured prisoners we ascertained that Lee's and Cleburne's corps, Hoke's division, and General Johnston and Bragg were in our front. Headquarters in rear of First and Second Brigades. Grounds swampy and woody. Lieutenant Scroggs wounded.

March 20. - Skirmish line moved forward at daylight. Found the enemy in their works. Skirmishing continued until 12 m., when they gave up their lines in front of First and Second Brigades. First Brigade followed at once and found them on a line more refused. First and Second Brigades then occupied their works. Third Brigade, which had been relieved by First Division in the morning and placed in reserve, then occupied front line of First and Second Brigades of yesterday. At 4 p.m. skirmish line of General Mower's [division], Seventeenth Corps, joined our right, and soon after heavy infantry forming farther on our right. Train ordered to Goldsborough and two days' rations issued to the command.

March 21. - Enemy in same position. Fifteenth Corps closed to our right and lines of First and Second Brigades swung around to the left. Skirmishing all day. Cannonading front Fifteenth Corps toward night. Headquarters wagons moved down to right of First Brigade. Sick and wounded sent to Dead Fields.

March 22. - Enemy found to be gone at daylight. Orders at 8 a.m. to move to Cox's Bridge. Division moved at 9 a. m. Marched six miles, camping near the bridge, where we found General Terry with one division of Twenty-fourth and one of Twenty-fifth Corps. Order of march: Third Brigade, battery, First Brigade; Second Brigade in charge of train.

March 23. - Division moved at 8. 30 a.m. crossing Neuse River on pontoons at Cox's Bridge; thence to Goldsborough. Passed General Sherman's headquarters in column by company and camping one mile and a half from town on west side of Weldon railroad, fronting on Little River. Marched fourteen miles.

March 24. - Camp arranged and headquarters established just west of Weldon railroad.

