
front, separating me from the works of the enemy, which extended to the River. I succeeded in pushing across the ravine two companies of the Sixtieth Illinois on my extreme left and three companies of the Seventeenth New York; but they had to remain under cover of the opposite bank, being too close to the enemy's works to withstand his fire unprotected. The firing all along my line was heavy and protracted. Thus matters remained until near dark, when the fire slackened and almost ceased. About this time I was ordered to recross the ravine on my right, leaving only a skirmish line in front. This was successfully accomplished, and so matters remained until the following morning, when the enemy was found to have decamped during the night.

In this engagement Captain W. G. Barnett, Seventh Regiment New York Infantry, a most excellent and meritorious officer, was killed; Lieutenant Colonel James Lake and Lieutenant Oscar Rein, of the same regiment, and Captain Eben White, commanding Sixteenth Regiment Illinois Infantry, were wounded. Captain Thomas Higgins and Lieutenant Patrick Kelly, of the Fourteenth Regiment Michigan Infantry, were also wounded in this action. The total loss, killed, wounded, and missing, in this brigade was sixty-six.

From this point our line of march turned eastward, and on the 19th we encountered the enemy in force behind breast-works to the right of Mill Creek and about three miles South of Bentonville. My brigade took position on the extreme right of our line, in a pine wood, where the ground was low and wet, my right flank resting on a swamp not wholly impassable. I immediately erected log-works in my front, placing the Sixteenth Regiment Illinois Infantry and the Fourteenth Michigan in the front line, and the Tenth Michigan and the Seventeenth New York in a line 120 paces to the rear. The Sixtieth Illinois Infantry was deployed as skirmishers well to the front, with instructions to feel to my right for the left of the enemy. While these dispositions were being made the enemy was feeling our lines some distance to my left. At this time, early in the afternoon, the firing on the left and center of our line was brisk and continuous, and evidently approaching me. The Third and Second Brigades on my left were moved farther toward the center, and in obedience to orders from Brigadier-General Morgan I moved my second line more to the left. At this time my immediate front was partially covered by the Seventy-eighth Regiment Illinois Infantry, of the Second Brigade, deployed as skirmishers. About 4 o'clock the enemy began to press my front with vigor. The Seventy-eighth Illinois Infantry, having exhausted its ammunition, fell back to the rear line of my works. At this time the rebels advanced with great determination and assaulted the line of works occupied by the Sixteenth Illinois and the Fourteenth Michigan. They were allowed to approach within thirty paces of our works, when a deadly and destructive fire was poured into them, which drove them back in confusion. The enemy soon rallied and returned a second time to the charge; again they were driven back, when the Fourteenth Michigan and a part of the Sixtieth Illinois rushed over our works in pursuit of the retreating foe and drove them with heavy loss back to their own line of works. In this pressing the enemy back a large number of prisoners were taken, the Fourteenth Michigan capturing and bringing off the colors of the Fortieth Regiment North Carolina.

About this time, in consequence of movements on our left, the left flank of the brigade became uncovered and the rebel pressed forward with a view of flanking us. Captain A. S. Marshall, commanding the Seventeenth New York, quickly wheeled his regiment and in the most

