
gallant manner succeeded in repelling the attack at this point. About this time a strong column of the enemy was discovered approaching on our left. Covered by the underbrush they swept stealthily to our rear and occupied a line of log-works that had been constructed early in the action by a brigade then on our left. For a brief period there was some doubt whether it was our friends or the enemy in our rear, but all doubt was dispelled by a demand for our surrender, which we speedily answered by suddenly changing to the other side of our works and pouring a deadly fire into them. Just at this moment the Fourteenth Michigan and the Sixtieth Illinois returned from repelling the charge of the enemy mentioned above, and led by their respective commanders, Lieutenant-Colonel Grummond and Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, they dashed forward in obedience to orders, over the works, charging the enemy in the most gallant manner. The Seventeenth New York at the same time succeeded in getting a flank fire into him and he began to move off in not haste, leaving many dead and wounded on the field and losing many by capture. Another rebel flag was captured at this point, the Fifty-fourth Virginia Regiment's. The rebel General Hoke was also captured, but in the melee in sending prisoners to the rear through a swamp he effected his escape. Rebel prisoners report that General Hardee was present on this part of the field. Soon after this, night approaching, the firing slackened, and the rebels retired to their works.

On the following morning at about 10 a.m. my skirmishers, who were pushed close to the rebel works, reported that the enemy was moving along his line very rapidly from his left to right. I immediately dispatched Michigan and Sixteenth Illinois to move forward cautiously and occupy the rebel works in my front. This was successfully accomplished without loss, but Lieutenant -Colonel Grummond, supposing the enemy to be in full retreat, pushed hastily forward with his own and the Sixteenth Illinois Regiment, and soon came upon a new line refused for the former left of the enemy, and was obliged to retire, not without loss. I soon moved up my entire command and occupied the deserted rebel works. In the course of the day I steadily pressed forward an advance line of works nearly parallel to the enemy, and threw my skirmishers across a swamp up to and across the Fayetteville road, close upon his works. A part of the Fifteen Army Corps moved into position on my right and joined its skirmishers and line of works with mine. Things remained comparatively quiet during the night and in the morning the enemy was found to have drawn off in full retreat, leaving his dead and wounded on the field. We then marched without further molestation to Goldsborough, where we arrived on the 23rd instant.

I cannot close this report without bearing testimony to the energy and determination evinced by the officers and men of this command in surmounting obstacles, their patient endurance of long and fatiguing marches over the worst of roads at the most inclement season of the year, and the heroic gallantry which they ever evinced in meeting and repelling the enemy.

I would especially mention each to the regimental commanders for distinguished gallantry in the action of the 19th-Colonel C. M. Lum, of the Tenth Regiment Michigan Infantry; Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Grummond, of the Fourteenth Michigan; Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Evans, of the Sixtieth Illinois; Captain H. Lund, of the Sixteenth Illinois and Captain A. S. Marshall, of the Seventeenth New York. Captain William H. Dunphy, of the

32 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

