
Tenth Michigan, is entitled to especial notice for his distinguished gallantry. In fact, I know of no officer in the command who does not richly merit the commendations of his grateful countrymen. Regimental officers in their reports have called attention to special instance of gallantry among non-commissioned officers and privates, whom I recommend to special attention. I feel myself specially obliged to Captain S. Hatch, of the Sixteenth Illinois Infantry, acting assistant inspector-general, for steady and unflinching performance of duty, often in situations of great peril. The other members of my staff also have my thanks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. VANDEVER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain T. WISEMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 88. Report of Captain Herman Lund, Sixteenth Illinois Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 24, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular of this date I have the honor to reports for the information of the general commanding the part taken by this regiment in the campaign from Savannah to this place.

The regiment left Savannah, Ga., on the 20th of January, and reached Sister's Ferry, on the Savannah River, on the 28th of January, being delayed by rain, bad roads, and swamps, some of which the men had to wade in weather unusually cold for this latitude. We lay at Sister's Ferry several days, and then crossed the River, marching in the direction of Barnwell Court-House, S. C. Passing through this place, we crossed the South Carolina Railroad at Williston.

On the 13th we crossed the South Edisto, and the North Edisto on the 14th. We reached Congaree River opposite Columbia on February 16, and the next day crossed the Saluda River on pontoons, eight miles above the city, and marched in the direction of Winnsborough, crossing Broad River on February 19.

On the 24th we crossed Catawba River at Kingsbury's Ferry, and the roads being almost impassable lay at that point several days.

On March 1 we again marched. The roads were in a terrible condition, and yet in four days we reached the Great Pedee River, near Cheraw, a distance of seventy-four miles. On the 7th instant we crossed the River on a pontoon bridge and marched in the direction of Fayetteville, N. C., which place we reached on the 11th. The next evening after dark the command crossed Cape Fear River on pontoons, and skirmished with the rear guard of the enemy. The next day this regiment, with two others from the brigade, advanced three miles from camp and drove the rear guard of the enemy across a swamp. On March 15 the command again marched in the direction of Raleigh. The next day we struck the enemy near Averasborough. The regiment went into position on the extreme left of the line, under a heavy fire from the enemy, who were securely intrenched in our front. We drove the enemy into their works and held them there until dark, when the regiment was withdrawn, leaving a heavy picket-line in their place. During the night the enemy fell back, and the next day we continued

