
was pouring it into us directly in front. At this time all of the Fourteenth Michigan on my right had fallen back, and, receiving no orders, I deemed it the wisest course to withdrew the regiment from such a position as speedily as possible. We fell back slowly, and in better order than could have been expected under such circumstances, to the line of rebel breast-works which we had carried, bringing off most of our wounded. We lay in this position until the next day, when we were thrown out in the extreme front to support the Fourteenth Michigan Infantry in protecting the rest of the brigade while they constructed works. Near night we fell back to the new line in rear of the Tenth Michigan Infantry. During that night the enemy fell back, and the next morning we proceeded on our way to Goldsborough, which place we reached on the evening of the 23rd instant, having marched, since leaving Savannah, according to my computation, 484 miles.

The courage, endurance, and fidelity displayed by both officers and men during this campaign, and especially in the battles near its close, are worthy of all commendation. There is not an officer in my regiment, and but very few men, who under any circumstances flinched from duty or from danger.

It affords me pleasure to testify in particular to the fortitude of Corpl. George Wheeler, Company A, who, after he was severely wounded on the 16th instant, fought the enemy for some time, and when he reached the hospital and amputation was found to be necessary, bore the operation with such courage and cheerfulness as to elicit the praise of all who saw him.

I would also beg leave to mention particularly Color Corpl. James W. Cassingham, Company F, who, when the color sergeant and all the instant, brought the colors of the regiment from the field under a terrible fire of musketry and artillery.

The cool and brave conduct of other officers and men in the regiment is well worthy of honorable mention, but the limits of this report forbid their notice here.

Since leaving Savannah our loss in killed, wounded, and missing has been as follows: Killed enlisted men, 10. Wounded, commissioned officers, 4; enlisted men, 40. Wounded and in hands of the enemy, 3. Missing, commissioned officer, 1; enlisted men, 15. Deserted, 1. Total loss during the campaign, 74.

Respectfully submitted.

H. LUND,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

. HOLLERS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Second Div., 14th Army Corps.

No. 89.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Evans, Sixteenth Illinois Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. SIXTIETH Regiment ILLINOIS VET. VOL. INFTY.,Camp near Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my regiments during the campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C., commencing January 20, 1865, and ending March 23, 1865:

On the 20th of January my regiment marched from Savannah, Ga., to Cherokee Hill, a distance of ten miles. Remained at Cherokee

