
Hill 21st, 22nd, 23rd, and 24th. 25th, marched from Cherokee Hill, via Springfield, Ga., to Sister's Ferry, a distance of thirty-five miles.

Remained in the vicinity of Sister's Ferry until the 8th of February. During this time nothing unusual occurred, except two cases of small-pox. On the 8th day of February marched from Sister's Ferry, via Barnwell Court-House, Williston Station, Lexington Court-House, near Columbia, Winnsborough Court-House, Youngston's Ferry, Saluda River, Freshly's Mills, Broad Road, White Oak Station, Wateree Church, Kingsbury's Ferry on the Catawba River, Hanging Rock, Sneedsborough on the Great Pedee River, thence to Fayetteville, N. C., a distance of 387 miles; arrived at Fayetteville on the 11th of March.

On the 12th day of March my regiment and the Sixteenth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry went a foraging; got all our wagons loaded and returned to Fayetteville, N. C. ; crossed Cape Fear River. On the morning of the 13th my regiment was ordered out to dislodge a party of rebels who had barricades the road. A lively skirmish took place. We dislodged the enemy with the loss of one man wounded. On the 16th instant my regiment took part in the skirmish or battle near Black River; loss, four men wounded, including color-bearer.

My regiment was engaged in the battle of the 19th, 20th, and 21st, near Mill Creek, N. C. The part performed by them is well known to the general commanding, therefore I deem a detailed statement unnecessary. Every officer and man did his duty nobly.

On the entire march had issued to us fifteen days' rations; the balance of the supplies taken from the country.

On the march we captured some 20 horses, 25 mules, and quite a number of small arms in the battle of the 19th of March. Arrived at Goldsborough, N. C. March 23.

Loss in the battle of the 19th, 20th, and 21st: Enlisted men wounded, 2; missing in action, 11; total, 13. Loss during the entire campaign: Wounded, 8; captured or missing in action, enlisted men, 27; commissioned officers, 1; total, 36.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. EVANS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Sixtieth Illinois Vet. Vol. Infantry.

Captain J. P. HOLLERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 90. Report of Colonel Charles M. Lum, Tenth Michigan Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. TENTH MICHIGAN VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions from headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of this regiment from January 20 (when left Savannah, Ga.) to March 23 (when reached Goldsborough, N. C.):

January 20, move out on Georgia Central Railroad at 7 a.m. ; went about nine miles from city and camped, where remained till January 25, when moved on toward Sister's Ferry, where arrived 28th.

