
Remained in camp at this point till February 5, at which time we crossed Savannah River and moved up to Stand Hill. Started from this point on 8th and camped at Brighton Cross-Roads. 12th, passed through Williston on Memphis and Charleston Railroad; 13th, crossed South Edisto River; 14th, crossed North Edisto River; 16th, passed Lexington Court-House and went within three miles of Columbia; changed direction and moved up the Broad River; 17th, crossed Saluda River; 19th, crossed Broad River twenty miles above Columbia; 23rd, camped near Catawba River, which was crossed 24th, where remained till March 1, at which time moved forward in direction of Cheraw.

march 4, camped at Pedee River, near Sneedsborough, N. C. ; 7th, crossed River; 11th, camped near Fayetteville on Cape Fear River; 12th, passed through and crossed River; 13th, at 11 a.m. were ordered to fall in (light marching order), and moved out in a northeast direction; went about two miles where Sixtieth Illinois were skirmishing with the enemy; deployed two companies, and advanced nearly through a large swamp; returned to camp at 2. 30 p.m. Casualties, one wounded. March 16, were train guards; went with train about three miles, when left train and moved forward where was going on. Moved rapidly; came to front at 1. 30 p.m. ; moved to left of road and took position across a ravine, regiment in rear of Fourteenth Michigan; moved forward within thirty rods of enemy and lay down; sought cover from trees, logs, &amp;c. ; firing very heavy; remained till after dark when returned across ravine and camped for the night. Casualties: 3 wounded (1 seriously, 2 slightly). 17th, moved forward at 11 a.m. (enemy had evacuated). 18th, regiment in advance of division; moved rapidly about six miles, when came upon enemy; deployed six companies and moved forward; drove the enemy and remained at their works till 4 p.m., when regiment moved forward to Smithfield road and went about one miles and a half to Mill Creek; about-faced and returned to forks of road, where remained during the night. Casualties, one killed. 19th, were in rear of division; remained at camp till Twentieth Corps came along and relieved our pickets; moved forward at 12 m. ; heard firing in front; moved rapidly about three miles, when came to train, turned to right of main road (brigade had gone into position and were building works); took position in second line on the right of the brigade and built works; before they were quite completed moved to left about 150 paces; light firing in front; about 4. 15 moved farther to left; had gone some 200 paces when the enemy charged; we fronted in rear of a very poor line of works (ground low and swampy); charge continued over an hour, during which time the enemy gained the works in our left front and moved down within range of our guns; the three left companies could reach them by firing obliquely to the left. About 5 p.m. the enemy were discovered in our rear (their line established in the works built by Third Brigade, who had been moved to the left sometime previous); we got on the opposite side of our works facing by the rear rank; the front line (facing east) had charged so that but few shots came from that direction. From our colors to those of the enemy it was about sixteen or eighteen rods; Captain Dunphy in command of regiment (Colonel Lum having command of second line) went about thirty paces in front and communicated with the Confederate commander and demanded their surrender; they in turn demanded our surrender, saying they would parole us. Captain D. returned (they fired a volley at him before he got inside our works), and the fighting again commenced; the firing was very brisk for about ten or fifteen minutes, when we charged and captured about 35 or 40 prisoners; also

