
recaptured some of our men who were taken soon after we changed front (they were out to ascertain whether they were ours or Confederates when they wered in our rear.) we formed in rear line of works, now our front, remained a few minutes, and moved back to first lines; comparatively quiet in our front during the night; were allowed to build no fires till about 10 p.m. Casualties: 6 wounded (2 mortally, 1 seriously, and 3 slightly) and some captured.

March 20, remained in works till noon, when moved forward to front line, where remained a short time, then forward to rebel line; here remained half an hour and deployed four companies and moved forward about half a mile; regiment remain at edge of swamp. About sunset skirmish line charged, drove in the enemy's outer line and caused their whole line of battle to fall in to drive back our line, which moved back a short distance and put up works. Remained in line till morning, when were relieved by Seventeenth New York. 21st, were joined on the right by Fifteenth Corps. 22nd, learned at daybreak that the enemy had evacuated; at 10 a.m. moved out and went in the direction of Goldsborough; camped near Neuse River. 23rd, crossed Neuse River at 11 a.m., passed through Goldsborough at 5 p.m., went about one mile north of town and camped; had orders to lay out camp in regular order.

Distance marched: From January 20 to February 1, 43 miles; February 1 to March 1, 220 miles; March 1 to 24, 221 miles; total number of miles marched from Savannah, 484. Wounded since leaving Savannah, 11; killed, 2; captured, 15; total lost in the campaign, 28.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES M. LUM,

Colonel Tenth Regiment Michigan Veteran Infantry.

Captain JOHN P. HOLLERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade, &amp;c.

Numbers 91. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Grummond, Fourteenth Michigan Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH MICHIGAN VET. VOL. INFTY,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the campaign from Savannah, Ga., to this place:

We left Savannah the morning of the 20th of January, 1865; marched to Sister's Ferry, Ga. ; camped some three or four days, crossed the Savannah River into South Carolina; pushed on through South and North Carolina to Fayetteville, N. C. Nothing of unusual interest happened up to this point except the capturing by the enemy of twenty-four men (foragers).

Crossed Cape Fear River on the evening of the 13th of March; received orders from Brigadier-General Vandever, commanding brigade, to push out on the Goldsborough road and picket the road; did so, driven one regiment of the rebel General Wheeler's cavalry from their camp, killing 1 and capturing 1; established my line; remained there until relieved by regiment of First Division, then joined the brigade; marched next morning. On the morning of the 16th of March, being train guard, received orders from Brigadier-General Vandever

