
to leave the train and push forward to the front; did so; arrived on the field and was ordered to cross a deep ravine and form on the other side, my right resting on the ravine, to throw out a skirmish line covering my regiment, and advance and feel the enemy; did so; found him strongly posted behind works, drove his skirmishers in, and advanced my line to within fifty yards of his works; the fire of the enemy here was quite severe, and my loss was 22 killed and wounded, 2 officers. I here rested and threw up temporary breast-works; reported to General Vandever; received orders from him to hold my position, which I did; was ordered to withdraw after dark, leaving a skirmish line out, to cross the ravine and join the brigade in camp near by; accomplished it without trouble; drew in my skirmishers next morning, the enemy having evacuated during the night; marched immediate after.

Received orders from Brigadier-General Vandever about 12 o'clock on the 19th of March to push forward to the front. Our troops being then lively engaged with the enemy on the left, was placed in position on the extreme right, threw up strong breast-works immediately. The Sixteenth Illinois was on my left, Tenth Michigan in my rear, and Seventy-eighth Illinois, Second Brigade, in my front. About 4 o'clock the enemy's fire advanced rapidly to your right. The indications were plain that they were about to charge directly in my front. Lieutenant-Colonel Vernon, Seventy-eighth Illinois, sent me word that he was nearly out of ammunition and did not think he could hold his position. I sent him word if he to fall back to pass clear of me to the rear and not stop in my works, as it would only interfere with my movements. He was soon driven in. I had previously cautioned my officers and men not to fire a shot until I gave the command.

The enemy advanced steadily, firing rapidly until within thirty yards before I opened on them. I then gave the command. The men rose steadily as one man and poured into the enemy the most terrific fire I ever listened to; nothing could withstand it. I keep up this fire for about seven or eight minutes. I then felt the time had come for me to charge. I gave the command to "cover the works and charge for them. " We were on to them before they had recovered from the shock of my fire, and captured about 125 unhurt and 38 wounded. I afterward had [the wounded] carried to the rear. About 70 dead lay in the field.

Among the captured were about 30 officers. One Colonel commanding brigade was mortally wounded and died on the field. One general officer was taken, but I think escaped from the guard in the swamp going to the rear. I also captured the flag of the Fortieth North Carolina. Soon after this I heard firing directly in my rear. I concluded there was trouble there and I immediately gathered my men together and fell back to my works.

I then discovered the enemy had broken through some part of the line farther to the left and was occupying the works in my rear first occupied by the Tenth Michigan, and had planted their colors on the works. I immediately opened a severe fire on them and five minutes after charged the works, carrying them, capturing about 100 prisoners, a number of officers, and the flag of the Fifty-fourth Virginia.

I gathered up the prisoners, sent them to the rear, and finding the rear cleared of the enemy returned to my works and threw out a strong skirmish line of five companies, two from the Sixteenth Illinois and three from my own regiment.

In this day's fight my loss was 28 killed, wounded, and missing - 5 killed, 19 enlisted men wounded, and 3 commissioned offices and 1 enlisted man missing.

