
The next morning, hearing heavy chopping by the enemy, showing that they were strengthening their works, I pressed my skirmish line to within twenty yards of their works and kept a severe fire on them, preventing their chopping or showing their heads above the works. About 10 o'clock I discovered they were moving rapidly to their right, evidently leaving. I immediately reported the fact to Brigadier-General Vandever, and that I was certain I could take the works. He then gave me the order to take the Sixteenth Illinois and my own regiment and charge the works. I did so, immediately carrying them without firing a shot, the enemy running before me. I pushed a strong skirmish line rapidly ahead and followed it up by the two regiments for the purpose of capturing prisoners, of which I succeeded in capturing 100. Supposing, as we were inside their works for nearly half a mile, that they had left altogether these works, I pushed the line pretty close to the farther end of the works, when I discovered they had turned that end of their works and were too strongly posted for me to dislodge them, and at the same time a brigade opened on me from near a house on my left and a battery of four guns. This necessitated my falling back a short distance, which was accomplished, and I took up a strong position and put up works, keeping my skirmish line within about fifty yards of their works, which was held until they evacuated.

In this day's fight my loss was 1 commissioned officer wounded, 2 enlisted men wounded, and 4 missing. The next day the enemy's skirmishers kept up a brisk fire, doing but little damage. I lost one man wounded. At night I was ordered to my position in the brigade; the next morning marched for Goldsborough; arrived at the present camp in the evening of the next day.

I cannot speak too highly of the behavior of officers and men; it is impossible to particularize. All did nobly. For the brave dead it is enough for me to say they died with their faces to the enemy.

Total loss in the campaign, 6 commissioned officers and 95 enlisted men; total, 101.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. GRUMMOND,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fourteenth Michigan Vet. Vol. Infantry.

Captain JOHN P. HOLLERS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 14th Army Corps.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH MICHIGAN VET. VOL. INFANTRY,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

CAPTin my report the number of arms and accouterments captured by my regiment in the battle of the 19th instant, I herewith forward the required report: 500 stand of arms and 200 sets of accouterments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. GRUMMOND,

Lieutenant Colonel Fourteenth Michigan Vet. Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

