
somewhat checking our advance. I ordered a halt and directed the men to cover themselves from the enemy's fire, as well as they could, which was at that time very severe. I turned back and met Lieutenant-Colonel Grummond a few rods in advance of the main line, who directed me to move forward as rapidly as I could, adding that we could take the battery. I immediately returned and ordered my line forward on double quick, and in a very short time the skirmishers were upon the rebel works, and as the support now came up and engaged the enemy heavily many of my skirmishers leaped over their defenses, seizing the battery horses and demanding the surrender of the battery.

Having no support at hand and a strong line of rebel infantry advancing upon us to re-enforce their defeated comrades, we were compelled to retire somewhat in confusion; however, not without securing quite a large number of prisoners.

I lost from the four companies on the line 1 commissioned officer wounded, 1 enlisted man killed, 12 wounded and 1 missing.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. WALTER MYERS,

Captain, Fourteenth Mich. Vet. Infty., Commanding the Skirmish Line.

Second Lieutenant GEORGE W. C. SMITH,

Acting Adjutant Fourteenth Regiment Michigan Vet. Infty.

Numbers 93. Report of Captain Alexander S. Marshall, Seventeenth New York Infantry, of operations January 20-March 24.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH Regiment NEW YORK VET. VOLS.,Camp near Goldsborough, N. C., March 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders received from brigade headquarters this date, to furnish a report of the part taken by this regiment in the campaign since leaving Savannah, Ga., on the 20th of January, I have the honor to submit the following:

The regiment, as part of the brigade, left Savannah January 20, under command of Lieutenant Colonel James Lake, and crossed the Savannah River at Sister's Ferry on the 5th of February; marched through the State of South Carolina with the Left Wing of the Army of Georgia.

Nothing of especial interest relating to the regiment occurred until March 16, at Smith's Ferry, where the enemy in considerable force held the road and disputed farther progress. After the brigade had moved to the left of our lines the regiment, under command of Lieutenant Colonel James Lake, was ordered to cross a deep ravine on the enemy's right and attack. We crossed after much difficulty and moved forward Companies B, G, and I as skirmishers. We advanced to the edge of another ravine, about 400 yards in advance, driving the enemy's skirmishers before us. Farther it was an impossibility for a line of battle to advance under fire. At this point we lost Lieutenant-Colonel Lake, wounded, and Captain William G. Barnett, an accomplished and gallant officer, killed; and Second Lieutenant Oscar Rein, wounded, in addition to twenty-nine non-commissioned officers and privates killed and wounded. Upon Lieutenant-Colonel Lake leaving the field the command fell to me. I halted the regiment until the line connecting with me should move, the Fourteenth Michigan on my right and the Sixteenth Illinois on my left. At dark, in obedience to orders, I withdrew the regiment

