
and camped for the night about one-quarter of a mile to the rear, leaving two companies to hold my old post with a skirmish line. On the morning it was found that the enemy had moved off during the night, and the march was resumed until March 19, when, the enemy having made another stand, the regiment was moved up from the rear, where they had been guarding a portion of the train, and joined the brigade as they were leaving the road to take a position on the right of our lines, where we formed a portion of the second line. In a short time, however, we and the Tenth Michigan, under Colonel Lum, were hurried to the left to replace some troops which had been removed. But a few moments passed before the line in front of us broke and ran through our ranks, carrying a few of the faith-hearted with them. At this moment we were apparently on the extreme left of our lines, and seeing the enemy more toward our left and rear I opened a left-oblique fire upon them, which was sharply returned, they still moving to our left. I changed front twice, throwing back my left and still keeping up a heavy fire, until the enemy's line engaging us fell back into the swamp, and we ceased firing. Shortly afterward we saw a line of troops, which at first we thought to be our own, coming our left and rear and occupying the line of works in rear of us. We soon discovered our mistake and were summoned to surrender, the enemy offering to parole us in the field. After a few moments' consideration of the matter Captain Dunphy, commanding the Tenth Michigan, and myself, concluded we would charge with the bayonet and retake our works. We did so, and fortunately at the same time that the rest of the brigade charged. The enemy broke, leaving a number of prisoners in our hands. After gathering what ammunition we could from the field we again faced about and occupied our old works, where we remained during the night.

My loss was slight, considering the heavy fire we exposed to, which I attribute to the steadiness of the men and their prompt obedience to orders.

The next morning we advanced and took possession of the enemy's old works, they having changed front to rear. We remained in this position until the morning, when by orders I changed front forward, connecting with the Tenth Michigan on my right, out line nearly perpendicular to and in rear of the enemy's old line, throwing forward three companies as skirmishers. We remained in this position until March 22, when, the enemy having again fallen back, we once more resumed our march and arrived at this place on the 24th.

My loss during the campaign is as follows: In action March 16:

Killed, 1 commissioned officer, 5 non-commissioned officers, 3 privates; wounded, 2 commissioned officers, 5 non-commissioned officers, 18 privates. In action March 19: Killed, 1 non-commissioned officer, 2 privates; wounded, 1 non-commissioned officers, 9 privates; missing, 1 non-commissioned officer. During the campaign we have lost from our foraging parties: Captured, 1 commissioned officer, 2 non-commissioned officers, 10 privates; drowned, 1 private.

In conclusion I can only regret my inability to do proper justice to the gallantry and steadiness of the officers and men under my command. No troops in the world could have done better under the circumstances. Where all did so well it is impossible to make distinction among the officers, but I would call the attention of the general commanding to the following-named enlisted men as worthy to receive the medals of honor awarded by the War Department to meritorious non-commissioned officers and soldiers: First Sergt. Matthew Moloney,

