
Company B; First Sergt. Charles Grabert, Company I; First Sergt. Edward Golden, Company F; First Sergt. William B. Westervelt, Company K; Privates Jacob Wentz and Joseph McGregor, Company H, and Private David Myers, Company D.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. MARSHALL,

Captain Commanding Seventeenth Regiment, New York Vet. Vols.

Captain JOHN P. HOLLERS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 94. Report of Brigadier General John G. Mitchell, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations, January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 30, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of this command during the campaign from Savannah, Ga., to this place:

The brigade left Savannah on the 20th of January, being organized as follows, viz: Thirty-fourth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Captain Peter F. Walker commanding; Seventy-eighth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel M. R. Vernon commanding; Ninety-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Captain J. R. McLaughlin commanding; One hundred and eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Major Fred. Beck commanding; One hundred and thirteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Captain Toland Jones commanding; One hundred and twenty-First Ohio Volunteer Infantry,

Major A. B. Robinson commanding.

The command arrived at Sister's Ferry on the Savannah River on the 28th of January, and there remained in camp until the 5th of February, when it brought up the rear of the corps in crossing the River, the Thirty-fourth Illinois remaining on picket on the west side and covering the taking up of the pontoon bridge. This regiment joined the command by transport on the 7th of February. Up to this time Lieutenant Colonel John S. Pearce, Ninety-eighth Ohio Volunteers, had been in command of the brigade, and on my resuming the command that officer returned to his regiment. February 8, left Sister's Ferry at 7 a.m., marching about twenty miles; camped at Brighton Cross-Roads. February 9, 10, 11, and 12, marched in a northern direction, passing through Barnwell District, S. C. February 13, crossed South Edisto River and marched five miles toward Columbia, camping near Dean's Swamp. February 14, crossed North Edisto, camping on First Creek. February 15, counter-marched to Water's Ferry road; rebel cavalry made a dash on the column, wounding 1 man and capturing 2. They approached our flankers without being molested, as they were wearing U. S. overcoats. February 16, arrived within two miles and a half of Columbia. February 17, crossed Saluda River on pontoon bridge at Leaphart's Ferry, camping on Broad River at Freshly's Mills. At midnight commenced crossing the Seventy-eight Illinois in two small boats. Before daylight the Seventy-eighth Illinois and Ninety-eighth Ohio were crossed in this tedious manner and had taken possession of the bluffs on the South side of the River, this securing the permanent occupation of the ferry for the use

