
of our army. Additional boats from the pontoniers were procured and the remainder of the command rapidly ferried across the River. Fortifications were constructed in anticipation of an attack from the enemy, the report having been received that he had crossed the River on the railroad bridge at Thompson's Station. February 19, marched to Thompson's Post-Office and camped; destroyed two miles of Columbia and Greenville Railroad. February 20 and 21, with remainder of the division in charge of corps train marched to a point six miles west from Winnsborough. February 22, crossed Charlotte Railroad at White Oak Station. February 24, crossed Catawba River, and, owing to high water and impassable roads, remained at this point until February 28, when the troops were straightened out on the road, camping at Warrenton's farm.

March 1, marched to Clyburn's farm. March 2, crossed Big Lynch's Creek. March 3, after a march of twenty-three miles reached Thompson's Creek and found the bridge burned; the water was several feet deep and about forty yards wide. By 9 o'clock the brigade pioneers and two companies of the One hundred and thirteenth Ohio Regiment, the whole under command of Captain Banker, One hundred and twenty-First Ohio Volunteers, had completed a fine bridge across the stream, so that the column was not delayed one hour by the destruction of the old bridge.

The extraordinary energy and ability displayed by the officers and men who performed this work deserved and received the highest commendations of their superiors. Many times during the campaign I have been pleased to remark the cheerful endurance of any hardships imposed on the pioneers of the brigade, under charge of Sergt. J. C. Moats, Company F, Thirty-fourth Illinois Veteran Volunteers, and I desire here to tender them my cordial thanks for their most efficient services during the protracted campaign.

March 4, marched on Cheraw road to Great Pedee River. March 5 and 6, remained in camp. March 7, crossed the River, this brigade again in rear, the One hundred and thirteenth Ohio Volunteers covering the taking up of the pontoon bridge. March 8 and 9, made long marches in an easterly direction. March 10, brigade was ordered, in haste to go to the relief of Brevet Major-General Kilpatrick's cavalry force, which was moving on the left flank of the army. Reached the general's headquarters to find the attacking force repulsed. Rejoined the division at dark on the Fayetteville plank road at the Fourteen-Mile Post. March 11, reached Fayetteville, N. C. March 12, crossed Cape Fear River. March 13, moved camp to Lock's Creek, four miles from town. March 15, marching on Raleigh road; camped near Black River. March 16, slight skirmish with the enemy. They were driven from one and abandoned a second line of works, and just at dusk our skirmishers struck their main line. camped for the night and built works. March 17, the enemy left their position during the night, retreating on the Averasborough road. We crossed Black River, and at 9. 30 p.m. reached camp beyond Mingo Creek. March 18, some skirmishing to-day. Enemy has developed a small amount of artillery, but retreated on the appearance of our main lines.

March 19, this brigade was in the advance of the division. About 11 a.m. the command was ordered to take position on the right of the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, which was posted on the main Goldsborough road, one-half on the left and one-half on the right of that road, extending the line of that division. In reaching the position designated we passed through a swamp, and in advancing a skir-

