
mish line another swamp was found. When this brigade moved into position the troops of the First Division were building log breast-works, and I order both lines of my command to shelter themselves in like manner.

The lines were formed with the Seventy-eighth Illinois Regiment as skirmishers, and Ninety-eighth, One hundred and eighth, and One hundred and thirteenth Ohio Regiments, posted from left to right, as above stated, in the front line, and Thirty-fourth Illinois and One hundred and twenty-First Ohio Regiments in the rear line. Heavy skirmishing was kept up in our front and heavy firing to the rear left and front. About 3 p.m. the brigade of the First Division, on which the left of my command rested, commenced a rapid and disorganized retreat through my lines. It was impossible to gather any definite information from them; all that was known was that the troops on their left had given way and the enemy had turned their flank. As this command was moving without instructions I ordered the commanding officers of the Twenty-First Wisconsin Infantry and Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania to form line across and covering my left flank until I could communicate with my division commander. At the same time I ordered the left regiment of my rear line, Thirty-fourth Illinois, to change the front of their works forward on their left company, and the left of the Ninety-eighth Ohio to refuse the left of their works until they should join those of the Thirty-fourth Illinois, just ordered to be changed. The brigade then was fortified on two sides of square and in each side were posted three regiments. Two regiments of the First Division, as above mentioned, prolonged the new work of the Thirty-fourth Illinois Regiment. The One hundred and twenty-First Ohio was now ordered to continue the prolongation of this refused line. Every axeman in the brigade had been ordered to assist in completing this new work, and in less than half an hour from the time it was commenced our skirmishers were driven in and a strong line of battle opened fire upon both fronts of our works, making the most vigorous attack at the angle formed by the main line with the refused line above mentioned. The enemy's position at this point gave them an enfilading fire down both of my lines. They were driven back, however, with serious loss except by the two regiments of the First Division, who, having inferior protection, were compelled to retire, thus exposing the One hundred and twenty-First Ohio in such manner that it was compelled to retreat to the First Brigade of this division, which was posted on the right of my command. Through the opening thus formed that part of the rebel line not repulsed swung, and the enemy who but a few minutes before was in our front now was directly in our rear. This brigade at once jumped over their fortifications and killed or captured all of the enemy who appeared in our late rear. A large proportion of the body that this penetrated our works were subsequently captured by the First Brigade. Several attempts were subsequently made to rally the enemy to another bold attack, but each was repulsed by our skirmish line.

The loss of my command was very large, when our position, fighting behind works, is considering. The aggregate loss is 160, only 8 of whom are missing.

I call your attention to the splendid of both officers and men with the highest pride. When the history of the engagement shall be fully written the noble part enacted by these men will receive its due reward. I believe they held the key-point of the battle-field on this day under circumstances such as few other soldiers would have done.

