
On the morning of the 20th the First Brigade advanced two regiments and found the rebel works evacuated. This brigade then moved forward and formed new line parallel with the Goldsborough road, connecting on the right with the First Brigade and on the left with the Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. March 21, rebels advanced strong line and drove our skirmishers from and burned a house from which our skirmishers were annoying their lines. March 22, at daylight this morning found the enemy had evacuated their works, retreating toward Raleigh. March 23, marched through Goldsborough and camped near the Weldon railroad, one mile from town, where the campaign was announced as ended.

For the important part taken by each regiment in all the minutia of the campaign I respectfully refer to the reports of regimental commanders herewith sent.

In closing my report I feel it my duty to refer once more to the high soldierly qualities which have been exhibited by the offices and men throughout the long weary march of 500 miles. I never heard a complaint uttered, no matter how bitter the hardship which had to be borne.

To the regimental commanders and their subordinate offices my warmest thanks are due for their uniform and entire co-operation in every respect. To Lieutenant Colonel John S. Pearce, who was seriously wounded on the 19th, I wish to express my appreciation of the efficient manner in which he discharged the duties of brigade commander during my absence.

To the members of my staff I am more indebted on this campaign than ever before, and for their energy and zeal wish to make this public commendation of them: Captain James S. Wilson, assistant adjutant-general; Captain W. C. Robinson, assistant inspector-general; Captain R. G. Lewis, provost-marshal; Major T. B. Williams, surgeon-in-chief; Captain Joseph Swisher, acting assistant quartermaster; Lieutenant John Blotter, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant O. M. Scott, ordnance officer.

Captain W. C. Robinson was slightly wounded in the head during the engagement of the 19th instant, and Lieutenant O. M. Scott on the 20th.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JOHN G. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain T. WISEMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Fourteenth Army CORPS.

Numbers 95. Report of Captain Peter F. walker, Thirty-fourth Illinois Infantry, of operation January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FOURTH ILLINOIS VET VOL. INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 27, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the Thirty-fourth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry from January 20 to March 23, 1865:

The regiment was on picket about five miles from the camp at Savannah, Ga., when marching orders were received for January 20, 1865, and was not relieved in time to move with the brigade but joined the column on the march and bivouacked at night about nine miles from

