
the city, where it remained four days, the weather being rainy and the roads in a bad condition for a move. January 25, the regiment marched in column about fifteen miles and at night furnished a detail for outpost duty. January 26, marched to Springfield, Ga., about eight miles. January 27, marched seven miles, fording on the way a considerable stream, the water of which ice cold and about three feet deep. January 28, marched to Sister's Ferry, Ga., nine miles, getting to camp about midday. The regiment remained a week in camp at Sister's Ferry, and on February 1 furnished a fatigue detail to repair roads.

February 5, the regiment was on picket duty to protect the rear while the troops and trains were crossing to the north side. The picket line was thrown well our from the River, thus keeping up the appearance of a considerable force. The crossing was completed the same night but the regiment remained on picket two days, occasionally exchanging shots with scouting parties of the enemy. On the evening of February 7 the lines were quietly withdrawn and the regiment crossed in a transport to the camp of the brigade. February 8, marched over bad roads about nine miles. February 9, distance marched, twenty-two miles. February 10, regiment deployed to guard and assist supply train; marched twenty miles. February 11, marched twelve miles, passing through and encamping three miles beyond Barnwell Court-House. February 12, marched about seventeen miles, passing through Williston and encamping on the South Edisto. February 13, crossed the South Edisto and marched six miles. February 14, marched twenty-miles, crossing the North Edisto. February 15, marched twenty miles, encamping near Lexington Court-House. February 16, marched about seventeen miles, halting for the night near the Saluda River. February 17, crossed the Saluda and marched about seventeen miles, striking Broad River at Freshly's Ferry. February 18, crossed Broad River in boats, halted on the opposite side, at night fortified our front. Two men of Company A, who were on duty as foragers, were captured by the enemy, February 19, marched about five miles. During the afternoon the regiment was engaged in destroying railroad. February 20, marched as rear guard of the supply train about five miles. February 21, distance marched near twelve miles. The regiment furnished detail for picket. February 22, distance marched, eight miles. February 23, regiment on duty as escort to train. Marched about ten miles, getting into camp late near Rocky Mount. Weather rainy. February 24, crossed the Catawba River, worked for some time repairing roads and encamped about two miles from the ferry. The regiment remained at the crossing of the Catawba River three days. The men were almost destitute of subsistence and were compelled to make beans the staple article of food. February 28, marched about midday, making seven miles.

March 1, distance marched, twenty miles. march 2, the regiment deployed to guard and assist the supply train; distance marched, twelve miles. The regiment marched about twenty miles February [March] 3 and the same distance on the 4th, encamping near the Great Pedee River, where it remained in camp until the evening of February [March] 7, when it crossed to the east side. The distance marched February [March] 8 and 9 was about twenty miles each day. march 10, after marching a short distance on the main road to Fayetteville, the regiment was ordered with the brigade several miles to the left to re-enforce the cavalry division, but the rebels having retreated it

33 R R - VOL XLVII, PT I

