
returned with the brigade, which rejoined the division the same evening, having marched about twenty-four miles. March 11, regiment marched as near guard of the train twelve miles, to vicinity of Fayetteville, N. C., and remained near Fayetteville three days. March 15, distance marched about ten miles. March 16, the regiment moved at 8. 30 a.m. and marched about four miles on the road, when the brigade was formed in column with a front of two regiments, my regiment on the right of the second line, and moved forward to support the Twentieth Army of the Twentieth Army Corps, which had for some time been engaged with a considerable force of the enemy. After getting into position on the left of the main road and in front of the main line of rebel works I was ordered to send out two companies as skirmishers. Company A, commanded by Second Lieutenant R. J. Heath, and Company F, First Lieutenant John Slaughter commanding, were moved forward within short range of the enemy; s works and remained on the line until nightfall under a heavy scattering fire. The casualties in Company A were: 1 enlisted man killed and 2 wounded; in Company F, 2 enlisted men killed and 2 wounded. March 17, the regiment marched about ten miles. March 18, my regiment moved with the brigade about eleven miles, when it was halted and the brigade formed in column on the left of the road, opposite the brigade of General Vandever. The enemy had repulsed our forage parties, using artillery. I was ordered by General J. G. Mitchell to deploy a part of my regiment as skirmishers, and with the remainder asa reserve to move forward, conforming the right of my line to that of General Vandever. Companies B, D, and G were deployed and the line moved forward as directed. The enemy fell back with but slight resistance and my regiment incurred no loss.

March 19, early in the morning forage parties had been skirmishing with the enemy some miles to the front. My regiment moved with the brigade at 9 a.m. and marched on the road some three miles, when the brigade was formed in two lines, my regiment on the left of the second line, and moved foion on the right of General Carlin's division, which had been for some time engaged. Soon after getting into position the men threw up a rude breast-work of timber. There was heavy skirmishing in our front and hard fitting farther to the left of our lines. It was soon known that our left given away and I was ordered by General J. G. Mitchell to change front forward, letting the right of my line rest on the left of the front line of the brigade and running back at a right angle, also to fortify this new position. These orders were executed as directed, but before a substantial breast-work could be made the enemy opened a heavy fire on out front, but were finally repulsed when my men had nearly exhausted the ammunition in their cartridge-boxes. During the remainder of the day the enemy did not make any regular and persistent attack on our front; they sometimes advanced in considerable force, but were easily driven back. Owing, as I suppose, to a break in our lines to the left of my regiment, some force of the rebels had penetrated our lines in that direction and there was a scattering fire in or rear, so that it was at one time necessary to jump to the opposite side of the works for protection. The casualties in the regiment in this action were: 7 killed, 22 wounded, and 4 missing. March 20, the regiment remained until afternoon in the position occupied the night previous, when it was moved to the line which had been occupied by the One hundred and thirteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and afterward went forward and took position on the line which had been abandoned by the rebels during the night previous. March 21, the regiment held the position

