
taken up on March 20 until late in the afternoon, when I was ordered to move it forward to the new line then being formed nearly at a right angle with the old and to fortify my front, which was done as directed. March 22, the rebels having retreated during the night the regiment marched with the brigade to vicinity of Cox's Bridge on the Neuse River, and on March 23 marched to its present camp near Goldsborough, N. C.

My thanks are due to the officers of the regiment for their cheerful and efficient co-operation throughout the campaign and to both officers and men for their bravery and good conduct in action.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

P. F. WALKER,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain JAMES S. WILSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 96. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Maris R. Vernon, Seventy-eighth Illinois Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-EIGHTH ILLINOIS VOL. INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with order I have the honor to submit the following report, showing the operation of the Seventy-eight Illinois Volunteers Infantry for and during the campaign from Savannah, Ga., commencing January 20, 1865, and terminating with the occupation of Goldsborough, N. C., March 23, 1864.

The regiment broke camp at Savannah, Ga., on the 20th of January, 1865. Sixteen commissioned officers and 305 enlisted men moved with the division up the west side of Savannah River to Sister's Ferry. After several days' delay, occasioned by high water, the pontoon was put down, and the regiment, with the regiment, crossed into South Carolina.

February 5, 6, and 7, remained in camp. February 8, marched in northwest course eight miles and camped for the night near Erwinton. February 9, marched in northerly course nineteen miles. February 10, continued in northerly course and marched twenty miles. February 11, marched ten miles, general direction north, passed through Barnwell, county seat of Barnwell Country, and camped two miles north of it. February 12, continued in northerly course, crossed Charleston and Augusta Railroad at Williston Station, and camped for the night on west bank of Edisto River; marched thirteen miles. February 13, marched in northeast course twelve miles; camped for the night near Dean's Swamp, Orangeburg County. February 14, marched in northeast course nineteen miles, crossed North Edisto River and camped eighteen miles South of Columbia; the afternoon wet and cold. February 15, moved, to the left to the Lexington and Columbia road, and camped one mile southwest of Lexington Court-House; marched nineteen miles. 16th, moved up to within two miles and a half of Columbia, then in a northwest course to Youngling's Ferry, across Saluda River, and camped for the night; distance march, sixteen miles. 17th, crossed Saluda River and marched in northwest course eighteen miles; camped on South bank Broad River near Freshly's Mill. 18th, the regiment crossed the River this morning at 2 o'clock in pontoon-boats to protect the laying the pontoon bridge. 19th, marched in

