
northwest course five miles and camped near Thompson's Post-Office, Fairfield County. During the afternoon the regiment destroyed half a mile of Columbia and Greenville Railroad, 20th, the division in charge of corps train marched in northeast course four miles; camped on Long Run. 21st, marched in an easterly course ten miles and camped five miles northwest from Winnsborough. 22nd, marched in a north and easterly course seven miles, crossed Columbia and Charlotte Railroad at White Oak Station. 23rd, continued in an easterly course, the regiment on the flank guarding train; captured on west bank Catawba River; marched ten miles. 24th, crossed the River and camped two miles east of it; weather wet and roads almost impassable. 25th and 26th, in camp. 27th, the regiment repairing roads. 28th, moved in an easterly course four miles and repaired roads.

March 1, marched twenty miles, general direction east. March 2, marched in northeast course twelve miles; camped for the night on Lynch's Creek, Lancaster County. 3rd, marched eighteen miles, general direction east. 4th, continued to march in an easterly course twelve miles; camped for the night on west bank of Great Pedee River, five miles above Cheraw. 5th, and 6th, in camp; crossed the River on the evening of the 7th. 8th, marched in a northeast course twenty-four miles; camped for the night on a branch of Little Pedee River, in Richmond County, N. C., the regiment on the flanks as train guard. 9th, continued the march in northeast course and camped twenty-four miles and a half west from Fayetteville; distance marched, twenty miles. 10th, the regiment with the brigade moved five miles to the left at 8 o'clock this morning, to the support of General Kilpatrick, attacked by the enemy's cavalry. The enemy having fallen back we returned to the main road and to the main road and camped fourteen miles from Fayetteville; distance marched, twenty-one miles. 11th, moved up and went into camp one miles from Fayetteville. 12th, passed through the town, crossed Cape Fear River, and camped on east bank of it. 13th and 14th, in camp. 15th, marched in northerly course ten miles, the advance skirmishing with the enemy. 16th, the advance struck the enemy early in the morning; the regiment moved with the division and went into position on the left of Thirty-fourth Illinois; the lines were advanced to within a few hundred yards of the enemy's works and fortified; Corporal Cundiff, Company B, killed; the enemy fell back during the night. 17th, the regiment moved with the division to the right and marched in an easterly course nine miles. 18th, continued the march in an easterly course and again struck the enemy; drove them from their position, and camped for the night; distance marched, ten miles. 19th, the enemy was again met early this morning; the right wing of the regiment was deployed as skirmishers, joining on the right of skirmish line of First Division, with orders to press the enemy, and, if possible, drive him; the line was pushed forward and the enemy found behind fortifications; his skirmishers were driven in. Perceiving the enemy moving troops into position in our front, and believing he was preparing to take the offensive, the left wing of the regiment, still in reserve, was thrown out upon the right and a heavy fire opened upon the enemy; soon after his columns moved to the right (our left) and opened upon the First Division. The left wing was then withdrawn and fortified. A little late another column moved into our front, and shortly after moved upon us in two lines of battle; the skirmishers were driven in, and when the enemy approached within easy range, the reserve opened fire which broke his first line; the second line advanced, and perceiving my position would

