
soon be flanked I fired a volley, and under the smoke of it fell back to the main of works, losing but one man wounded in the operation; while holding the reserve I had 2 killed and 2 wounded. The enemy now pressed forward to within short musket-range of the works, when the whole line opened a terrible fire, under which the rebel lines melted away; at this juncture seeing the enemy approaching in our rear I fell back to the second line of works and opened fire, but my ammunition being almost exhausted I was unable to check them, and it was not until the front line faced to the rear and opened upon them that they were checked. The enemy was here again defeated and a large number of prisoners captured.

The regiment lost during the afternoon in killed, 1 commissioned officer (Lieutenant George T. Beers, Company H), 1 non-commissioned officer (Sergt. Edmond McKim, Company H), and 5 privates; wounded, 13 non-commissioned officers and 20 privates.

I cannot but commend the conduct of both officers and men during the engagement, as they stood nobly to the work, though attacked both front and rear by greatly superior numbers. Our position was held, and the enemy defeated with a heavy loss in killed, wounded, and captured.

March 20, the lines were advance to-day, and the enemy driven from his first line of fortifications, which were reserved and occupied. March 21, remained in position; considerable artillery firing and skirmishing. With grief for his loss, I have to record the death of Lieutenant William E. Summers, killed to-day by a cannon ball. March 22, the enemy having fallen back last night from our front, we again took up the line of march and moved in an easterly course ten miles; camped for the night near Cox's Bridge, over Neuse River, ten miles from Goldsborough. March 23, reached Goldsborough to-day, passed General Sherman's headquarters in review and went into camp, this ending the campaign. The regiment lost during the campaign: Commissioned, officers, killed, 2. Non-commissioned officers, killed, 2. Non-commissioned officers, killed, 2; wounded, 13; missing, 2. Privates, killed, 5; wounded, 20; missing, 6.

Accompanying this I send you a report, giving names, dates, &amp;c., of killed, wounded, and missing for the campaign. The regiment brought in and turned over 18 head of horses and 32 mules.

Accompanying is a report showing the number of rations drawn from the commissary, and an estimate of the amount of subsistence taken from the country by the regiment during the campaign.

At the close of the campaign both men and officers were in much better health than when entering upon it.

I am, captain, with much respect, your obedient servant,

M. R. VERNON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. S. WILSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 97. Report of Major David E. Roatch, Ninety-eighth Ohio Infantry, of operations January 20-March 24.
HDQRS. NINETY-EIGHTH Regiment OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 27, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with your circular, bearing date March 26, 1865, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part the Ninety-

