
Brigade, and I doubt not the division, would have been driven back, and our advance and hospital trains would have fallen into the hands of the enemy.

The non-commissioned officers and privates of the regiment deserve great praise for their gallant conduct. It would be doing injustice to others were I to mention any individual acts of bravery on the part of any officer where all did their whole duty and every one a hero, with the exception of two, viz, --- --- doing everything in their power to encourage their men during the darkest hour of the conflict. If the general commanding deems any of the offices worthy of special notice I hope he will do them justice. I have no hesitancy in saying that the men of the regiment are in better health than when we left Savannah. All we want is a few days' rest and new clothes, and I have no doubt that the regiment for its numbers will be as efficient as it has been at any previous time.

I am, sir, your very obedient servant,

D. E. ROATCH,

Major, Commanding Ninety-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain JAMES S. WILSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., Army Corps.

Numbers 98. Report of Major Frederick Beck, One hundred and eighth Ohio Infantry, of operation January 20-March 23.
HEADQUARTERS 108TH OHIO VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations in the One hundred and eighth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, in the late campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C.:

January 20, 1865, marched with the Second Brigade, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, until 4 p.m. ; went into camp for the night. January 21, remained in camp. January 22, remained in camp and furnished three companies for picket duty. January 23, remained in camp. January 24, remained in camp. January 25, marched entire day and went camp for the night. January 26, guarded the division ordnance and supply train; marched the entire day; arrived at Springfield, Ga. ; went into camp for the night. January 27, marched entire day. January 28, marched entire day and arrived at Sister's Ferry, Ga. January 29, remained in camp and furnished four companies for pickets duty. January 30, remained in camp until February 4, 1865.

February 5, marched at 6 p.m., and crossed the Savannah River; went into camp for the night. February 6, remained in camp. February 7, remained in camp. February 8, marched until 3,30 p.m. ; arrived at Brighton, S. C. ; the regiment repaired roads until dark. February 9, marched entire day. February 10, guarded the division ordnance and supply train, and marched entire day, and went into camp for the night. February 11, marched entire day; encamped for the night. February 12, marched entire day and furnished three companies for picket duty. February 13, guarded the ordnance and supply.

