
train of the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, and marched every day until February 21, 1865. February 21, were relieved as train guards and joined Second Brigade, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps; marched entire day. February 22, marched entire day and went into camp near Camden, S. C. February 23, were rear guard of then division train, and marched the entire day until the next morning at 5 a.m. February 24, marched until 3 p.m., and crossed the Catawba River and went into camp for the night. February 25, remained in camp until February 28, 1865, and repaired the road. February 28, marched entire day.

March 1, marched entire day. March 2, marched entire day. March 3, marched entire day. March 4, marched entire day; arrived at Great Pedee River and went into camp. March 5, remained in camp. March 6, remained in camp. March 7, crossed Great Pedee River and marched entire day. March 8, were rear guard, and marched entire day. March 9, marched entire day. March 10, marched entire day; re-enforced General Kilpatrick's cavalry command, which had been routed; met no enemy and returned to camp. March 11, marched entire day and arrived at Fayetteville, N. C., and went into camp. March 12, crossed the Cape Fear River at Fayetteville and went into camp. March 13, marched about four miles and went into camp. March 14, remained in camp. March 15, marched entire day. March 16, marched until 11 a.m. p; met the enemy; formed line of battle and encamped for the night. March 17, guarded the trains of the First, Second and Third Brigades, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, headquarters train and the medical trains of the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. March 18, marched entire day; heard heavy cannonading toward evening, formed line of battle, and encamped for the night. March 19, marched until 10 a.m., when we were ordered to halt and form a line of battle on the right of the Ninety-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and on the left of the One hundred and thirteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and advanced one mile, finding the enemy in full force. We were ordered to throw up breast-works, which we did in a short time, and when we had them finished the enemy came on in full force and charged our works. A terrible battle ensued, which lasted for some two hours, when the enemy retired, leaving many dead and wounded on the field in our front. The loss in this regiment was comparatively small: 1 captain killed, 1 lieutenant severely wounded, 1 corporal and 3 privates slightly wounded. The regiment captured 11 prisoners, 13 stand of small-arms, and 3 sets of accouterments. Remained for the night. March 20, remained behind the works until 3 p.m. ; advance the line 800 yards into breast-works which the rebels had evacuated an hour previous and remained for the night. March 21, remained quiet behind the works and furnished six companies as skirmishers. March 22, the rebels had retreated; we marched about six miles and encamped for the night. March 23, marched entire day; crossed the Neuse River and went into camp for the night near Goldsborough, N. C.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK BECK,

Major, Commanding 108th Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain JAMES S. WILSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Second Div., 14th Army Corps.

