
Numbers 99. Report of Capt. Toland Jones, One hundred and thirteenth Ohio Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HEADQUARTERS 113TH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 29, 1865.

CAPTAIN: Please find herewith a statement of the transactions of this regiment in the late campaign from Savannah, Ga., to the Goldsborough, N. C.:

On the 20th of January this regiment, in company with its division and brigade, moved from its encampment at Savannah, ten miles on the Springfield road, and encampment, where it remained until the 25th. Again the march was taken up for Sister's Ferry, where we arrived on the 18th and went into camp.

Here the regiment lay in camp until the 5th of February, waiting the fall of the Savannah River, and the construction of a bridge, corduroy, &amp;c. On the evening of the 5th the regiment crossed into South Carolina, refitting, &c., until the 8th, when we moved forward in a northeasterly direction, passing through Barnwell Court-House on the 11th and Williston on the 12th. On the 13th crossed the South Fork of the Edisto River, and on the 14th crossed the North Fork of the Edisto at Horsey's Bridge. 15th, marched at the head of the division and had a skirmish with the enemy and took one prisoner. Passing through Lexington Court-House 16th, marched to within three miles of Columbia and then countermarched up the Saluda River to within about three miles of --- Ferry. 17th, crossed the Saluda and marched to and encamped on Broad River. Got up the regiment at 3 a.m. and ferried it over Broad River at Freshly's Ferry (the Seventy-eighth Illinois in advance) and went into camp as advance guard. 19th, assisted in tearing up and destroying about four miles of the Greenville and South Carolina Railroad. 20th, marched to Little River. 21st, crossed Little River and encamped six miles northwest of Winnsborough. 22nd, marched to Wateree Meeting-House. 23rd, marched as rear guard and do not get into camp until 5 a.m. on the 24th. 24th, crossed the Catawba River on pontoon bridge at the same place where Lord Cornwallis crossed it in the Revolutionary War, and went into camp. Lay in camp until the 28th waiting the crossing of the balance of the balance of the corps, and then marched four miles and encamped.

March 1, marched as rear guard and 2nd, marched across Snicker's Creek at McManus' Bridge. 3rd, marched to Saint Clair's Bridge across Thompson's Creek. 4th, marched into North Carolina and came back into South Carolina and encamped on the Great Pedee River, two miles below Sneedsborough. In camp until the 8th waiting the crossing of the corps and was the last regiment over, crossing at 12. 30 a.m., and going into camp until 8 a.m., still marching as rear guard and getting into camp at 11 a.m., making twenty-five miles. 9th, crossed Drowning Creek. 10th, marched to the relief of Kilpatrick, who had been attacked and repulsed by Hampton's cavalry, but rallied and repulsed them before our arrival. 11th, marched to Fayetteville, which was already in the possession of the First Division, and are encamped two miles west of town. 12th, marched through Fayetteville; crossed the Cape Fear River and encamped. 13th, moved camp a mile up the River. 14th, in same camp. 15th, marched on the plank road toward Raleigh. 16th, marched at 6 a.m. in advance of corps and division and came up to where the Twentieth Corps was engaged in a fight,

