
and went in on their left, our brigade relieving one of theirs. We shoved them rapidly back, had a brisk skirmish, and drove them from one line of works into their main line, throwing up hasty works for the night close up to their main line. Next morning they were gone. Loss of the regiment, one man killed. 17th, crossed Black River and two other wide and marshy streams. 18th, marched 5. 30 a.m. Our foragers met the enemy and were driven back. This regiment in company with its brigade and division was formed in order of battle and advanced, driving the enemy, with slight skirmishing, some two miles, and went into camp for the night. 19th, marched at about 7 a.m., Second Brigade in advance of our division. The First Division met the enemy and engaged him early about five miles out. We came up and went into line on the right about 11 a.m. and threw up hasty fortifications of logs and anything that could be got hold of for turning bullets. Meanwhile the battle waged fiercely on our left. At last the First Division gave way and was shoved back until the defensive line on our left stood almost at right angles to ours, and a part of it was broken and the enemy (about one brigade) rushed through. At this time the enemy charged our front, and after a stern resistance were driven back. But before the firing had in our front we were attacked in the party who broken our lines to the left, and we had to hastily mount over our works to fight them, changing front to rear. But a few volleys from the line in our rear soon silenced them, and our part of the day's action was over. Loss, 5 wounded; 1 mortally. 20th, found that the enemy had fallen back during the night. Advanced our lines and the brigade had some pretty sharp skirmishing, but this regiment was not engaged. 21st, laid in same place, strengthening our lines, The Fifteenth and Seventeenth Corps came up on our right and in the morning the enemy was gone. 22nd, finding the enemy gone from our front, we marched for Goldsborough and encamped at night on the Neuse River. 23rd, marched as rear guard of our corps, crossing the Little River at Cox's Bridge, and making Goldsborough at sundown, passing General Sherman's headquarters in order of review. *

Recapitulation of casualties: Killed, 2; wounded, 5; missing, 3.

Total, 10.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

TOLAND JONES,

Captain, Commanding 113th Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Captain JAMES S. WILSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 100. Report of Major Aaron B. Robinson, One hundred and twenty-First Ohio Infantry, of operations January 20 -March 23.
HEADQUARTERS 121ST OHIO VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 26, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular of this date I have the honor of submitting the following report of the One hundred and twenty-First Ohio Volunteer Infantry for the campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C.:

On the morning of the 20th of January, 1865, the regiment struck tents and broke up their camp in the vicinity of Savannah and com-

---------------

* Nominal list of casualties here omitted.

---------------

