
ion of the twentieth Corps, in charge of their respective corps trains, also move on another road to our right in the direction of Goldsborough; some cannonading was heard to our right in the evening. On the 16th we marched at 7 a.m. ; soon artillery firing commenced in our front; after advancing about four miles our brigade was formed on the left of the Twentieth Corps in three lines, the One hundred and twenty-First and the One hundred and thirteenth forming the front line, the One hundred and twenty-First on the right joining General Ward's division, of the Twentieth Corps. Two Companies, B and K, of the One hundred and twenty-First, were sent forward as skirmishers. The enemy had constructed two lines of fortifications, the second and main line crossing our road at the junction of the Raleigh and Goldsborough road, and effectually commanding the road, and they were protected on the right flank by the Cape Fear River; these works were occupied by General Hardee's corps. The Twentieth Corps having been marching in our front had charged the first line and carried it, capturing four pieces of artillery before our brigade arrived upon the line. About 12 m. we advanced upon the second line and pressed close to their works, driving in their skirmishers, and there, within 200 yards of their earth-works, threw up a protection of logs and awaited orders. The enemy had a section of a battery (two pieces) in our immediate front. In the evening we had orders to remain in that position for the night. The night was cold, wet, and very disagreeable, and the men laid upon their arms. In the morning it was found the enemy had evacuated during the night; their last skirmish firing ceased about 5 a.m. The casualties of the One hundred and twenty-First on the 16th were six wounded (see list hereunto attached).

On the 17th we resumed the march at 8 a.m., taking the Goldsborough road, while the rebels retreated upon the Raleigh road, our division taking the advance. We advanced about twelve miles and camped near - Creek. On the 18th we marched at 5 a.m. and went about ten miles, when we met opposition from a brigade of rebel cavalry with a section of artillery. Two brigades of our division formed in two lines, our brigade on the left and the One hundred and twenty-First on the left of the second line. In this form we advanced upon their position and the enemy retreated. We then went into camp and remained over night to give the rear time to close up. John Wallace, Company H, a pioneer, was captured while foraging. On the morning of the 19th the First Division passed us and we marched at 8 a.m. and went about five miles. About 9 a.m. artillery firing was heard in front, and as we advanced musketry could also be distinguished. The First Division formed upon the left of the road and the second upon the right. Our brigade had the advance and immediately formed in the following order: The Seventy-eighth Illinois in advance as skirmishers; the One hundred and thirteenth Ohio on the right of the front line; the One hundred and eighth Ohio in the center, and the Ninety-eighth Ohio on the left of the front line; the One hundred and twenty-First Ohio on the second line immediately in the rear of the One hundred and thirteenth, and the Thirty-fourth Illinois in the rear of the Ninety-eighth Ohio. In this shape we advanced, obliquing to the right until the skirmish line engaged the enemy's skirmishers, and by a spirited charge drove them inside their works and came near carrying the works, but in turn were compelled to retire. Our main line having closed well up with the skirmishers, and the enemy's position having been ascertained, each regiment constructed works by throwing up logs upon their respective lines. The First Brigade joined in a similar manner on

