
wounded rebel and sent him to the hospital. In the morning we found in our immediate from three dead rebels, one of whom we buried and we gathered up forty-two muskets and one sword which had been thrown away by them during the panic of the evening before. The rebels were known to have carried off some of their wounded during the night. It is more difficult to estimate the result of our work in the other part of the action in which we participated. Upon visiting the grounds the next day I became satisfied that the loss inflicted upon them at that place by us in killed and wounded was much greater than what we suffered. The fact that other troops may have fought over the same grounds afterward makes it impossible to know that the dead found there fell by our own hands, but we have every reason to believe that 8 or 10 of the killed and 2 or 3 of the wounded left on the field was the work of our regiment. The deliberate aim which our men were enabled to take made their fire very effectual. One thing, however, can be estimated. Lieutenant Ball, whom I had sent to reconnoiter our left, as before mentioned, when we found our lines had been driven back withdrew his men until the enemy passed, and then having got together six or eight more men, and observing the confusion of the enemy took advantage of it, and began picking up their stragglers lurking through the swamp, of whom he sent thirty-five to division and brigade headquarters, including one commissioned officer. After providing for our wounded the men slept a few hours on their arms. In the morning one more prisoner was brought in, found in the swamp, and sent to division headquarters. The rest of the regiment joined us early in the morning. we buried our dead and about 1 p.m. moved forward and occupied the enemy's works which had been evacuated, they having changed their lines by withdrawing their left. While repairing our works that evening, Lieutenant Willoughby, of Company B, was severely wounded, and Lieutenant Scott, Company F, brigade ordnance officer, was severely wounded during the day while on duty on General Mitchell's staff. We lay on our arms that night.

On the 21st brisk skirmishing was kept up in our front and heavy fighting on our right by the Right Wing. The One hundred and twenty-First had 1 man killed and 1 wounded during the day. We changed our lines in the evening and threw up new works and slept on our arms during the night. The next morning revealed the fact that the enemy had evacuated and were in full retreat toward Raleigh.

Lieutenant Ball brought in one more prisoner, who was sent to division headquarters. The enemy were commanded by General Joseph E. Johnston, who had concentrated his forces to the number of 30,000 to 40,000. He evidently hoped to overpower us by superiority of numbers before our forces could be collected. How near he succeeded and how signally he failed be fully known when the true history of that battle has been published. And then will the record of the Second Division of the Fourteenth Army Corps exhibit it as an immovable bulwark against which the storm of battle dashed in vain, and by whom the tide of victory was checked and sent back against the enemy. Only two divisions of the Fourteenth and two divisions of the Twentieth Corps were in the engagement of the 19th against the overwhelming numbers of the enemy.

On the 22nd we again resumed our march and went eight miles, crossing Flood Creek. On the 23rd we marched at 8 a.m. and entered Goldsborough in the evening, a distance of twelve miles, and found that place had been occupied by the Twenty-third Corps for three days.

