
We went into camp about one mile north of the town, where we still remain. Our wounded were all cared for and brought to Goldsborough.

Thus ended our campaign from Savannah to Goldsborough. In making this report I have found it necessary to mention many matters in which the One hundred and twenty indirectly connected. During all this time the regiment have supplied themselves with provisions by foraging off the country. For this purpose eighteen enlisted men and commissioned officer were detailed from the regiment who foraged upon our flanks and reported daily to the regiment, camping with it at night. They found meat in great abundance. It was more difficult to procure breadstuff, and to supply the deficiency an issue of hard bread was made occasionally from the commissary department. The foragers were allowed to mount themselves, which they soon did. Besides the stock thus captured and appropriated they captured twenty-two mules, which were allowed for pack-mules for companies and for regimental headquarters. In addition to this, 4 mules were appropriated by the regimental quartermaster to replace jaded mules, 4 were turned over to Captain Swisher, brigade quartermaster, 4 were turned over to Lieutenant Blotter, acting commissary of subsistence, and 1 to Lieutenant Coe, acting quartermaster, by order of General Morgan.

Before closing this report I beg leave to express my obligation to Captain J. M. Banning, who was assisted me in the command of the regiment, and whose services on the 19th instant especially entitle him to my favorable consideration and gratitude. I wish to make like acknowledgment to Adjt. Milo H. Lewis for similar services on that occasion, as well as on others. I would make special mention of Lieutenant James Ball, Company G, for his services of the 19th instant, not only for his conduct in the execution of my order to reconnoiter the left, mentioned in this report, but also for the judicious manner in which he seize upon his opportunity to employ his squad in picking up prisoners.

I also take pleasure in making special mention of the conduct of Corpl. Simeon Woodruff and private Almon Hollister, of Company F, on that occasion. These men, in passing back through the swamp, became separated from the regiment, and suddenly found themselves confronted by a squad of five rebels, all armed, who had in charge one of the Thirty-fourth Illinois as a prisoner. They immediately challenged the rebels to surrender, which was done, and they took charge of the five prisoners - one a lieutenant, who surrendered his sword to Corporal Woodruff; one an ordnance officer, acting adjutant of his regiment; one an orderly sergeant, and two privates, and liberated the Thirty-fourth Illinois man - and under the direction of Lieutenant Ball they reported the same to brigade headquarters. I would recommend that Corporal Woodruff be allowed to keep the sword as a reward for such meritorious services. I would also make special mention of Corpl. Leroy S. Mason, Company E, for distinguished services on the 19th instant. In this connection I feel it my duty to tender my thanks and my many obligations to the line and staff officers of the regiment, who, with one exception (Lieutenant Long, of Company K), have discharged their duty faithfully, and have won my confidence and esteem. It would be invidious to discriminate further among the enlisted men, where there were so many instances of good conduct and where so few failed to do their whole duty. All good soldiers have my grateful

34 R R - VOL XLVII, PT I

