
acknowledgments for their valuable services, with the assurance that I am ever as ready to reward merit as I am to condemn the unworthy.

The following lists will exhibit our casualties,* captures, &amp;c., during the campaign.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AARON B. ROBINSON,

Major, Commanding 121st Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain J. S. WILSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 14th Army Corps.

[Inclosure.]

Report of prisoners captured.

Date. 	 Enlisted men.	 Commissioned	 Total.

 	 officers.

March 10. 	 1	 . . . 	 1

March 13. 	 1	 . . . 	 1

March 19. 	 36	 2	 38

March 20. 	 1	 . . . 	 1

March 21. 	 1	 . . . 	 1

Total. 	 40	 2	 42

Numbers 101. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General Benjamin D. Fearing, Ninety-second Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations January 20-March 19.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the doings of this command in the recent campaign from Savannah, Ga., to this place:

In compliance with order received division headquarters this command moved from Savannah, Ga., at 7 a.m. on the morning of the 20th of January last on the Louisville road. The weather being very inclement the command was delayed at Pooler Station, eight miles from Savannah, until the morning of the 26th at 7 o'clock, when the brigade marched with the division in the direction of Springfield, passing through that place on the evening of the 27th. From here we bent our course in the direction of Sister's Ferry, on the Savannah River, and forty-five from the city of the same name. Nothing of any importance occurred previous to our arrival at the ferry, except the crossing of several water-courses which were very much swollen in consequence of recent heavy rains. The Ebenezer Creek was particularly difficult to pass on account of extensive marshes on its margin and quicksands in the bottom of it. It was found too wide to be bridged, and the men of the command were therefore compelled to wade a distance of 100 yards in water from one to three feet deep. After encountering sundry quicksands, which involved the necessity of a considerable amount of corduroying to make them passable for teams, this command arrived at Sister's Ferry on the evening of the 28th and went into

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 5 enlisted men killed, 6 commissioned officers and 34 enlisted men wounded, and 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men missing.

---------------

