
camp. as the army was to receive clothing and other supplies at this place, and the crossing was very difficulty on account of an extensive swamp on the South Carolina side which had to be corduroyed before the trains could pass, the command did not move from this place for seven days.

Accordingly, after receiving the necessary supplies and sending the sick to Savannah, we crossed the River on the evening of the 5th of February. Previous to crossing the River the command assisted in the construction of about two miles and a half of corduroy over the marsh on the margin of the River. The crossing of this River is the counter-part of nearly all the water-courses that this command has crossed during the campaign, scarcely any of them having well defined margins, but form extensive swamps and quicksands on either side that in every instance have to be bridged or corduroy before trains can cross them. After crossing the River and swamp encamped at a landing about three miles from the ferry, where we remained until the morning of the 8th, when, having received additional supplies of clothing, we marched in the direction of Brighton, where we arrived on the evening of the same day. On the following morning we moved on the Augusta road, which we followed for thirty miles. Near the residence of the rebel General Erwin we diverged toward Barnwell Court-House, which we passed on the afternoon of the 11th, and encamped four miles north of it for the night, having traveled fifty miles in three days. From this point our course was nearly north for fifty miles, crossing the South Carolina Railroad at Williston on the 12th and the South Edisto River on the 13th. After crossing the North Edisto River on the 14th we came in contact with the Twentieth Army Corps; went into camp for the night. The following morning we moved back on the Augusta road two miles and took a road leading to Wateree Ferry. We now pursued our course in the direction of Lexington, meeting with no opposition except from sand and swamps until the column struck the Edgefield road. At this place Wheeler's cavalry was discovered to be in our front and left flank and there was some slight skirmishing with our foragers, but no casualties in our brigade. From here we took the direct road to Columbia, through Lexington, and being in advance of the division we arrived in front of the city at noon. Here finding that the Right Wing of the army was already in front of the city, this command, with the division, moved to the rear and left to a point on the Saluda River about seven miles from Columbia and camped for the night. During the night a pontoon bridge was laid and the command crossed the stream the following morning. Taking the Newberry road we marched ten miles, and deviating to the right about four miles we struck the Broad River at Freshly's Ferry, where we remained over night. Here the erection of the pontoon bridge being very tardy, this command was moved across the River in flat-boats, following General Mitchell's brigade, which had crossed before daylight, and immediately took a position on the opposite hills so as to protect the crossing in the event of an attack from that side. Hearing that a train of the enemy's wagons was moving on the main Columbia and Winnsborough road in my front I directed Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Langley to make a reconnaissance in that direction with his regiment, which was done without discovering anything of importance, except that there was no enemy within three or four miles of our position. On the 19th, at 6. 30 a.m., the command moved five miles on the Winnsborough road and went into camp. Here, by direction of Brigadier-General Morgan, the command was moved, without arms,

