
Notwithstanding these hindrances we moved on rapidly toward Goldsborough until the 9th, when the enemy was found to be in our front in strong force.

Moving with the division on the morning of the 19th from our camps about six miles we came to the position occupied by the First Division of our corps then confronting the enemy. Receiving orders from General Morgan to move my brigade to the rear and right of General Mitchell's brigade, there to mass it in column of regiments is supporting distance, I immediately took the position designated. Finding the ground on which we had to operate boggy and intersected with little swamps, as soon as I ascertained that General Mitchell has his lines established, I then received orders to form my brigade in two lines, which I did and immediately completed a double line of temporary works. Receiving an order at this time to ascertain of there was a road running parallel with the Goldsborough road on our right, I detailed Lieutenant Jones, of the Twenty-second Regiment Indiana Veteran Volunteer Infantry, with one company of men to reconnoiter the country on the right flank and obtain if possible the desired information. He reported no enemy on our right flank, having scoured the country for about a mile from the right of our line. He found a road running nearly due east and west, nearly a mile from our lines. Receiving an order at this time from General Morgan to send a regiment to support General Mitchell's right in an advance I detailed the One hundred and twenty-fifth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, sending a staff officers to report it to General Mitchell. This regiment was soon relieved by the First Brigade, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, and reported back to the command. About 3 p.m. I received an order from General Morgan to move the brigade as rapidly as possible to the left, changing direction by the left flank by battalions and with orders to move the brigade directly to the Goldsborough road, and place my lines beyond the road and parallel with it. As we moved forward it was evident that the forces on our right and left were being crushed and driven back in confusion. Meeting with no one on that part of the field to give me information of the position of the troops that were driven back from the advance line, we pushed rapidly forward to the Goldsborough road. About thirty paces before reaching that point we struck the advance of the enemy. We immediately drove them across the road, establishing a heavy skirmish line beyond it, they being heavily engaged all of the time. I at once found it necessary to deploy my entire force, constituting of four regiments, the Eighty-fifth Illinois Volunteers being still with the supply train. Finding the left of my line was within 250 yards of the Twentieth Army Corps, I immediately covered this space with skirmishers and moved my main line as far to the right as I deemed practicable, endeavoring to reach the lines of the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, but could find or hear nothing of them. I therefore found it necessary to retire my right a very little, as it was pressed up very close to the enemy and much exposed, being so near the Goldsborough road.

Scarcely had these dispositions been made when the enemy advanced, striking our right and center and driving our skirmishers into the main line. We at once opened a rapid fire from the whole right and center of our lines which lasted from ten to fifteen minutes. The fierceness of this fire drove the enemy back in confusion some distance. No sooner was this force disposed of than, standing in the Goldsborough road, columns of troops could be seen moving down the road bearing directly upon my right flank. Many officers reported to me that these were

