
columns of the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, as many soldiers composing this force were wearing the Federal uniform. The line was at once ordered to cease it fire (Which had been very rapid up to this time on that portion of the line) until it could be determined what force this was. We were but a moment in discovering that it was the enemy. Taking advantage of this lull in our fire, they moved off the road to our right and rear. I at once endeavored this formation by opening upon it with the portion of my right which was retired, but failed. I then commenced breaking my line to the rear, meeting the movements of the enemy, and thinking it possible to connect with the left of General Mitchell's line, which I just then ascertained was moving up. While executing this movement I was again attacked vigorously in front, and at the same time the flanking column ned up its lines came pressing down upon my right flank with crushing force. The whole right of my line was doubled up and thrown into confusion. At this moment I also received a ball in my right hand, and although every exertion was made by myself and staff to reform the lines we were unable to do so until we had fallen back about 300 yards, the fight at this time assuming the form of an extended skirmish. In the meantime the left of the line was being gradually withdrawn, contesting the ground inch by inch. We rapidly formed a new line, the left resting over the Goldsborough road, and ran at right angles to it, the right being slightly refused. Here, becoming weak and faint from loss of blood, I turned my command, through my adjutant-general, over to Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Langley, of the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, and retired from the field. The firing of the command during the engagement of the afternoon was extremely fine and accurate, the men firing lower than I have seen troops before, while the fire of the enemy was very high.

This command has been subsisted during the campaign chiefly by foraging from the country along the line of our march. In starting from the Savannah River one company and one commissioned officer was detailed, as a brigade foraging party, from each regiment in the brigade and all placed in charge of a field officer, who was held responsible for the manner in which they discharged their duty. We continued this system with varied success until we arrived at Ebenezer Church, on Little River, when, at the suggestion of General Morgan, we discontinued the infantry detail and organized a force of mounted foragers, consisting of ninety picked men. The detail was furnished with six commissioned officers and put in command of Major J. Taylor Holmes, of the Fifty-second Regiment Ohio Veteran Infantry. We were enabled to mount this force from horses and mules captured in two or three forays made after crossing the Saluda River. This system of foraging by mounted men we soon found did not give the men as great a variety, but it gave all of the essentials of a substantial subsistence in abundance. They often moved far in advance of the column, and on the flanks, seizing mills and corn from the neighborhood plantation, and by working the mills day and night would be able by the time the column came up to supply the troops with full rations of meal, flour, and meat. Even in the barrens between Rockingham and Fayetteville, N. C., they were able to give a scanty subsistence to the troops.

These foragers frequently came in contact with the enemy, and were very useful in clearing our front and flanks of the enemy's cavalry, often doing regular cavalry duty instead of foraging. This detail was kept well in hand, through in its organization, and at all times to be depended upon. I can confidently say that none of the villainous and

