
inhuman acts committed on the line of our march can be justly attributed it to. Whenever on the route of the Fourteenth Army Corps, whether the Second Division had the advance or not, when the rebels were in our front, Major Holmes invariably developed the position of the enemy and gave valuable information to the officer in charge of the advance. For these and other valuable services rendered on the campaign I take pleasure in recommending him to favorable notice.

We find at the end of the campaign that all our stock is in much better condition than it was on leaving Savannah, having the best of forage in abundance at all times; having exchanged all our worthless animals for fresh ones, captured on the route, our train is now in perfect condition. On the march our foraging parties collected from the country fine droves of cattle, from which, by selecting opping the poorest and more jaded animals, were at all times able to supply the command with plenty of fresh beef, keeping them well fed up from the granaries and fodder stacks by the wayside. We were prepared at any time, should we strike the coast, to have on hand a large drove of the best of beef-cattle.

During the campaign the regimental commanders have given me their cordial support, carrying out with alacrity every order. Not once did I see an officer hesitate to push through the deepest swamps and quicksands, personally superintending the arduous labors performed with such a spirit as to give new zeal and energy to the efforts of their men, whether in the performance of duty in camp, on the march, or on the battle-field. Looking back over the operations of this extend campaign it is with pleasure that I remember the uncomplaining faithfulness with which the enlisted men of this command have discharged the arduous duties devolving upon them, a papular feature being the development of extreme physical endurance and patience of our men. In my estimate the men of this command have proved themselves to be equal to the greatest hardships, never having failed me in the most extreme difficulties.

We have to mourn the loss of many good men and a few brave officers on the battle-field. Captain John F. French, of the Eighty-sixth Illinois Volunteers, while bravely leading the skirmish line near the enemy's works on the 16th of March, near the Cape Fear River, received his death wound. He was an officer that all might well emulate. Lieutenant Nicholas Moser, of the Twenty-second Indiana Veteran Volunteer Infantry, also a brave officer, fell on the 19th at Troublefield's Swamps.

Accompanying this report please find regimental reports, which will give full details of movements, casualties, &amp;c.

In conclusion I would express my gratitude to the different members of my staff in each department for the cordial assistance they have rendered me; for their conduct on the march and on the battle-field, each deserves especial mention.

List of casualties in the last campaign: Commissioned officers - killed, 1; wounded, 8; total, 9. Enlisted men - killed, 12; wounded, 68; total, 80. Enlisted men captured - in action, 19; foraging, 13; total, 32. Aggregate, 121.

Number of animals captured: Horses, 28; mules, 79; jacks, 1; total, 108.

BEN. D. FEARING,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain T. WISEMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

