
Numbers 102. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James W. Langley, One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations March 19-23.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report herewith the operations of the brigade from the hour I assumed command of the same up to its arrival at this place;

A few minutes before 4 o'clock on the afternoon of the 19th instant I was informed by Captain Swift, acting assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, that General Fearing was wounded and disabled for further command, when I immediately assumed command of the brigade. This was just as my own regiment came out of the fight and made its formation on the Goldsborough road, as described in my regimental report. Captain Snodgrass, commanding the Twenty-second Indiana, had rallied about 100 men, mostly of his left wing, which had remained in better order than his right. The One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois formed line almost entire to the left and on the prolongation of the basis of alignment of the Twenty-second Indiana. I immediately directed two staff officers to find the Fifty-second Ohio and Eighty-sixth Illinois and form them in their order on the right of this new line. while these officers were preparing to execute this order I directed so much of the line as was already formed to move forward to a point by me designated where the left should rest, and about seventy-five yards in advance of the rallying point. I had at this time but one entire regiment and so much of the Twenty-second Indiana as before designated. These I directed to carry rails, and when arrived at the point to which they were ordered to advance I there chose my defensive line nearly at right angles with the Goldsborough road and ordered works to be rapidly constructed. As soon as the works began a brigade of the Twentieth Corps, commanded by General Robinson, joined my left and began the construction of a refused line. I then toward the right and met Captain James, commanding a portion of the Fifty-second Ohio, and directed him to form on the Twenty-second Indiana. Very soon thereafter Lieutenant-Colonel Fahnestock reported with a part of the Eighty-sixth Illinois, whom I directed to form on the right of the Fifty-second Ohio, refusing well his right. By this time I may safely say that not more than one-half the command was present. I urged regimental commanders to bring forward their men as rapidly as possible and waste not time in strengthening their works. Cartridge-boxes were nearly empty, and I directed Captain Swift to find ammunition wherever he could and distribute it to the regiments. This he obtained from the Twentieth Corps, not being able to find ammunition wagons of our own division. Men who had become separated from their commands were rapidly coming forward, so that my line was now compelled to yielding battalion front to the right. My works were scarcely strong enough to protect men lying down, when the enemy's skirmishers advanced to within shooting distance and commenced a lively fire. At this moment a staff officer of the major-general commanding the Left Wing met Captain Burkhalter, brigade inspector, and directed that the line should be thrown back about seventy-five yards. This direction I could not obey, even if the point selected by him had been more advisable, for the main line of the enemy at this moment vigor-

