
ously assaulted my works and were handsomely repulsed. My line having proven available once, I determined to strengthen and hold it; besides, it was the nearest position I could obtain to the lines of the First and Second Brigades of the division, which I knew were then isolated by the intervention of a heavy rebel column.

About half an hour before sundown General Cogswell, commanding a brigade of the Twentieth Corps, moved in past my right, and advanced, swinging to the left past my front, until his left rested about 150 yards to the front of my center. Here his command became hotly engaged, but maintained firmly its position until darkness terminated all efforts of the rebels to dislodge it. During the fight in front my left was attacked by strong columns of the enemy, but in every instance they failed to move it. As soon as darkness came on I directed my line of works to be made strong and obstructions placed in front. Though the troops of this command had been driven back at an earlier period of the day I can bear witness to the total absence of anything like demoralization in the ranks in the engagements I have attempted to describe. Men were cool and determined and fought with the energy of heroes. During the night I maintained a good picket-line to my front.

On the morning of the 20th at 9 o'clock I was relieved by General Carlin, of the First Division, and directed to join the First and Second Brigades. This I did and took position in reserve. At 9 p.m., by order of General Morgan, I placed two regiments in temporary works, which had been vacated by General Baird's troops, and on the following morning I moved the two remaining regiments of the brigade and extended the line across the Goldsborough road. This formation put the brigade in single line, with the left much advanced. Here I had constructed a strong line of works. This new position placed me about one-third of a mile in advance of the First Division of the corps, and with no connection on my left, which fact I reported. About 10 a.m. Major-General Slocum visited my line and informed me that he would immediately put in troops on my left. Soon after a division of the Twentieth Corps was formed, making the connection complete, which division did not remain more than half an hour, when it was withdrawn again, leaving my left exposed. This involved the necessity of refusing the center and left of my line so much that it threw my entire line on the South side of and parallel to the road. About 3 a.m. the enemy opened on my skirmish line with artillery and at the same time advanced a line of battle and drove the skirmishers in. The line of battle advanced to within shooting distance of my main line, but hastily retired upon receiving our fire. The most of my line was so close to that of the enemy that lively picket-firing was kept up all day. At night the enemy retreated and my skirmishers entered his works at daybreak, which fact I reported to you as soon as done. On the 22nd instant the brigade marched as far as the Neuse River and encamped for the night. On the morning of the 23rd it crossed the Neuse and marched as train guard to this place, where it reached its present camp, on the north side of the city, at dark.

In order to show to some extent the damage done to the enemy in the fight of the 19th instant, I have to report that on the next day details from this brigade for that purpose buried 112 dead rebels, including eight commissioned officers. Other duties were required of the troops before the dead were all buried. This was done where the First and Second Brigades of the division fought.

