
The casualty list of the brigade, pursuant to orders, has been forwarded. *

My grateful thanks are due to Captain Swift, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain Burkhalter, acting assistant inspector-general and Lieutenant Tanner, aide-de-camp, for the efficient services they rendered me at the critical moment wen I assumed command of the brigade, and their subsequent conduct on the field only added luster to their long acknowledge bravery.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. LANGLEY,

Lieutenant Colonel 125th Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain THEODORE WISEMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 103. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James W. Langley, One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois Infantry, of operations January 20-March 19.
HEADQUARTERS 125TH ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit herewith a report of the operations of my command from the day on which it left Savannah, Ga., until I assumed command of the brigade on the 19th day of the present month:

January 20, 1865, my command left camp at 7 a.m. and marched eight miles on the Louisville road and went into camp, where we remained four days. On the 24th of January my regiment was ordered on fatigue duty and cut poles and built 350 yards of corduroy road. January 25, left camp at 7 a.m. and marched eighteen miles. January 26, left camp at 7 a.m. marched over very bad roads for eight miles; encamped for the night one miles north of Springfield, Ga. January 27, left camp at 7 a.m. ; this and the Twenty second Indiana Volunteers were detailed as train guards, both under my command. Guards and train were delayed nearly all day at the confluence of several small streams called the "Runs. " The command reached camp at 10 p.m., having marched five miles. January 28, left camp at 8 a.m. and marched to within one mile of Sister's Ferry, on the Savannah River, where we went into camp and remained until February 5, at 6 p.m., when the command crossed the River and encamped on the South Carolina side, where we remained until February 8, when we marched at 7 a.m. and camped at night at Brington, having traveled only seven miles, but over very bad roads.

February 9, left camp at 7 a.m. and marched rapidly all day over good roads; made twenty miles and went into camp at 5 p.m. February 10, left camp at 6. 30 a.m. ; marched twenty miles over good roads and went into camp. February 11, left camp at 6. 30 a.m. ; this and twenty-second Indiana Volunteers were detailed as train guards under my command; marched through Barnwell and reached camp late, having marched about twelve miles. February 12, left camp at 6. 30 a.m. ; passed through Williston, on the Augusta and Charleston Rail-

---------------

* Embodied in table, p. 72.

---------------

