
to a double line formation, which movement again threatened my right. On noticing this I again changed from to the rear, as before. Finding myself nearly surrounded and with no prospects of support, I directed my regiment to retire firing, which was as bravely done as it had maintained every position in which it had been placed. My left, which had not up to this time moved ten feet from its original position on the Goldsborough road, was the last to withdraw, nor was this done until the first line of the enemy was within fifty yards of my two left companies, when they deployed skirmishers and fell back firing.

I have no wish to make a bright picture for my regiment beyond what the facts will justify. I have commanded it under many very critical circumstances on formed occasion; I have witnessed the conduct of many regiments in perilous situations, but I never saw a body of troops act with greater coolness or more heroic daring then the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois manifested on the eventful 19th instant when the enemy's firing was hottest my men were most earnest; no one man left the ground until ordered to do so; every man seemed to appreciate that the efforts of the regiment were bent toward the safety of the brigade and every man was determined to do all in his power for that object. Far be it from me to claim a higher quality of bravery for my men than belongs to other troops of the brigade. It I were even disposed to be jealous of the powers of my command I could say nothing to discharge the claims of other regiments to equal bravery with my own. They were suddenly attacked without warning, and in a position where their flank was too badly exposed not to tempt the utmost efforts of the enemy to fall vigorously upon it. Once started they were easily pressed back. Being made aware of the situation on the right I prepared my command for any emergency. While all the officers and men of my command did nobly, yet I cannot forbear to call special attention to the conspicuous bravery of Captain George W. Cook, acting field officer, and Adjt. William Mann, for their eminent services in preserving at all times a good alignment and directing the fire of different parts of the line.

I also commend to your notice Thomas W. Blakeney, sergeant-major; George W. Sadorus, sergeant, of Company E; B. Snider, sergeant, of Company I, and Lewis Tabb, corporal, of Company E, whose cool bravery and noble daring won for them the admiration of all who saw them. When my regiment withdrew as far as the open field to the rear, I observed that Captain Snodgrass, commanding the Twenty-second Indiana, had formed the basis of a new alignment about 300 yards to the rear and left of the first position. I determined at once to form my regiment on the left of his and directed the colors to be placed on that prolongation and formed line accordingly. While this was being done you reported to me that General Fearing was wounded and disabled for further command. I immediately turned over the command of my regiment to Captain Cook and, by virtue of seniority in rank, assumed command of the brigade.

The subsequent operations of the regiment will be reported by Captain Cook.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. LANGLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain CHARLES SWIFT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 2nd., Div., 14th Army Corps.

