
Savannah Railroad. January 21, 22, 23, and 24, in camp occupied the evening of the 20th. January 25, 26, 27, and 28, on march from Pooler Station to Sister's Ferry, Ga., distance, thirty-two miles.

January 29, 30, and 31, and February 1, 2, 3, and 4, in camp at Slater's Ferry. Company and regimental drill four hours per day. February 5, crossed Savannah River, marched three miles and camped. February 6 and 7, in camp occupied the 5th. Clothing, camp and garrison equipage issued to the command, February 8, 9, 10, 11, and 12, marched weighty miles via Brighton and Barnwell Court-House, to camp on South Edisto River. Evening of the 12th regiment detailed to make foot bridge for troops and corduroy for passing train over overflowed and marshy land, on the north side of the Edisto River. February 13, 14, 15, and 16, marched seventy-two miles, crossed North Edisto River, passed through Lexington and near Columbia to camp on Saluda River. 17th and 18th, marched nineteen miles; crossed Saluda River and Broad River. Evening of the 18th, apprehending and attack from the enemy, fortified our position on the north of Broad River. February 19, marched six miles and assisted brigade in destroying two miles of Columbia and Greenville Railroad; destroyed wall tents, and disposed of surplus baggage to lighten load of regimental wagon. February 20, 21, 22, and 23, crossed Little River, passed six miles west of Winnsborough, via White Oak Station, on* the Fifty-second, which caused the entire line to retire about 300 yards, where I again took position on the right of the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois, which formed on the right of a brigade of the Twentieth Corps. This position we fortified and held during the night. Casualties of the day: Killed, 1 commissioned officer and 2 enlisted men wounded, 2 commissioned officers and 19 enlisted men; missing, 6 enlisted men. March 20, at 8 a.m., changed to first position taken on the 19th. March 221, moved to the front to a position across the Goldsborough road, which we fortified and held during the night, during which time the enemy evacuated. 22nd and 23rd, marched twenty-four miles to present position.

Through the campaign, and especially in action of the 19th instant, the officers of my command, without exception, proved themselves worthy the positions they occupy. The same also can be said of the enlisted men, with but few exceptions. First Sergeant Ennis, Company A; Sergeant Taff, commanding Company D; Sergeant Erwood, Company H; Sergeant Cross, commanding Company E; Sergeant Hopkins, Company G; Sergeant Golden, commanding Company B, and Corporals Hogg, Neely, Arnold, and Ball, color guard, each deserve special mention for coolness and bravery in time of action.

Recapitulation of casualties in action and loss by captures while foraging: Killed - commissioned officers, 1; enlisted men, 5. Wounded - commissioned officers, 2; enlisted men, 27. Missing in action - enlisted men, 6. Foraging - enlisted men, 13. Aggregate, 54.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. H. SNODGRASS,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain SWIFT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* A page or more of the original report is evidently missing.

---------------

