
Numbers 106. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles W. Clancy, Fifty-second Ohio Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. FIFTY-SECOND OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the late campaign from Savannah, which concluded with our arrival at Goldsborough, N. C.:

On the 19th of January, 1865, I received orders to march at 7 a.m. the 20th, and in compliance moved with the brigade on the Louisville road, marching eight miles; encamped and remained in the same position, perhaps in consequence of very bad roads that then existed, until the 25th, when I moved with the brigade on the same road some ten miles, then, taking a road to the right, moved some six miles and encamped for the night. 26th, marched at 7 a.m. in rear of the division in the direction of Springfield, and encamped near the same to the right of the Middle Ground road. 27th, marched at 11 a.m. as rear guard for division supply train, moving only about one mile. Reached Ebenezer Creek and there remained until 5 p.m., when I received an order to report with my command to the brigade, then encamped four miles beyond; crossing the creek I reached the brigade at 7 p.m. 28th, marched at 8 a.m. in the direction of the Savannah River, and at 12 m. encamped with the brigade at or near Sister's Ferry. 29th, in the same camp. Ordered to detail 100 men 3 commissioned officers to report at the ferry to go on an expedition aboard a gun-boat then anchored at that point. This detail returned in due time and the command remained in the same camp seven days, during which time frequent details were made for fatigued duty, repairing roads to and beyond the ferry.

On the 2nd day of February with my command relieved the Seventeenth New York Veteran Volunteers, then doing picket duty on the Augusta road, one mile from camp, and on the 3rd, at 9 a.m., I was relieved by the one hundred and thirteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and returned to camp. February 5, 9 a.m., I received orders to be ready to move at a moment's notice, and at 4 p.m. moved with the brigade to the ferry, and there remained until 8 p.m., when we crossed the River and marched some three miles from the same and encamped. In this camp the command remained until the morning of the 8th, during which time clothing was issued. The men being comfortably clad for the march, the command moved at 9 a.m. flanking guards for the division supply train, in the direction of Brighton's marching eight miles, encamped near that point at 3 p.m. 9th, moved with the brigade on the Augusta road at 7 a.m. ; marched over twenty miles and encamped to the right of the road at 5 p.m. 10th, moved at 6 a.m. in the direction of Barnwell and encamped within seven miles of the above-named placed having marched near twenty miles. 11th, moved at 6. 30 a.m. on the Barnwell road, passing through the town of Barnwell; encamped some three miles north of it with the brigade. 12th, marched at 6. 30 a.m., following the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois, crossing the Charleston and Augusta Railroad at Williston; encamped with the brigade on the west bank of the Edisto River, near Davis' Bridge. 13th, marched at 8 a.m. with the brigade on the Columbia road. Crossing the South Edisto, went into camp two miles beyond at 10 a.m., and at 11 a.m. received orders to march, moving at once on the same road;

35 R R - VOL XLVII, PT I

