
encamped with the brigade near and northeast of Sallie's Mill, having marched during the day only seven miles. 14th, moved at 6. 30 a.m., leading the brigade, crossing the North Edisto at Horsey; s Bridge; marched nine miles from the bridge; encamped, having marched during the day twenty miles. 15th, marched at 8 a.m. on a road leading in the direction of Lexington; at 2 p.m. moved off on a road leading in the direction of Calk's Ferry and encamped to the right of it with the brigade at 6 ap.m. During the day our left flank and rear was threatened by the enemy; s cavalry, and the following disposition of a part of the command was made: Companies G and K, in charge of Lieutenant Grimes, were placed in rear of the brigade train, while Companies H and B, in charge of Lieutenant Armstrong and McIntire, were deployed on the left flank of the regiment, covering also the left of the train. 16th, marched at 6 a.m. in the direction of Columbia and on the road leading through the town of Lexington; reached the west bank of the Saluda River, near Columbia, at 12 m. ; here remained until 2 p.m., when we moved four miles to the rear and encamped with the brigade, having marched twenty miles in all. 17th, marched at 6 a.m., crossing the Saluda River on the pontoon bridge which was laid at Wise's Ferry; took a road leading to the right and encamped with the brigade on the west bank of Broad River at 6 p.m. 18th, crossed Broad River at Freshly's Ferry, early in the day, and moved one miles from the east bank, and took up position to the left of a road leading into the main Columbia road, and threw up a temporary work to cover the crossing of other troops. The enemy reported to be in our immediate front made it necessary. 19th, marched at 6. 30 a.m. on the Winnsborough road four miles and encamped with the brigade. At 1 p.m. moved one mule and a half from camp, without arms or accouterments, to the Spartanburg isted in destroying near one mile of it. Returned to camp at 4 p.m. At this camp I received orders to destroy all surplus baggage, wall-tents, &amp;c., which was promptly obeyed. 20th, marched at 6. 30 a.m., leading the division; moved three miles and encamped near Kincaid's Brigade, on Little River (or Creek). 21st, ordered to march at 6. 30, but being assigned to the rear of the division supply train, in order of march, did not move until 3 p.m., marching in the direction of Winnsborough, and when within five miles of the town moved off on a road leading to the left; encamped six miles northwest of it with the brigade at 10 p.m. 22nd, marched at 6. 30 with the brigade, reaching the Charlotte railroad at White Oak Station. Took the Camden road and encamped near Wateree crossing at 2 p.m. 23rd, marched at 8 a.m., crossing the Wateree at Foster's Bridge. Our march was very much retarded by coming in contact with other troops of the corps. At 5 p.m. I encamped with the brigade at Rocky Mount, having marched eight miles. 24th, ordered to move as train guard; at 1 p.m. moved to a hill a short distance in front of camp, stacked arms, and assisted the train in ascending the hill until 5 p.m., when I was ordered to join the brigade, then on the opposite side of the Catawba River. I at once moved, crossing on the pontoon bridge laid at Kingsbury's Ferry, and encamped one mile and a half from the same.

The 25th, 26th, and 27th were spent at this point, the entire command constantly at work on the road leading from the crossing. It became necessary at many points on the road in the immediate neighborhood of the crossing to corduroy it the third time in order that the train could at all pass over. 28th, received order to march at 11. 30 a.m. ; moved at once with the brigade in the direction of the River a short distance when I was ordered to return, and, with my command,

