
to move at once to the head of the supply train, then moving out from the ferry; I did so, overtaking the head of the train some four miles from the River; encamped with the brigade near Liberty Hill at 6 p.med at 6. 30 a.m. in rear of the brigade column; marched twenty-two miles and encamped with the brigade on the right of the Chesterfield road; seven companies were derailed for picket. 2nd, moved at 6. 30 in the direction of Chesterfield, crossing Lynch's Creek at --- Bridge, and encamped near it, having near it, having marched ten miles over heavy roads and through a drenching rain. 3rd, moved at 6. 30 as train guards; marched twenty-four miles and encamped with the brigade at 9 p.m. on the west bank of Thompson's Creek. 4th, marched at 6 a.m. in the direction of Sneedsborough and encamped with the brigade at 4 p.m. on the west bank of the Great Pedee River, at Pegues' Crossing, and two miles below the above-named place. Soon after arriving in camp the command was ordered to the road without arms, for the purpose of making corduroy road, that the pontoon train might at once reach the point at which the crossing as to be effected. The command returned to camp in a short time, having completed the work. In this camp the command remained until 2 p.m. the 7th, when it moved with the brigade, crossing the Pedee River at Pegues' Crossing and encamped two miles from the same and on the right of the Rockingham road. 8th, moved at 6. 30 a.m., leading the division, and encamped with the brigade on the left of the Rockingham and Fayetteville road. 9th, moved from camp 7 a.m. in rear of the division; marched on the road leading to Fayetteville; crossed the Lumber River at Graham's Bridge and assisted the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois in destroying it. While engaged in this work the enemy appeared in our rear in small force, but did not attempt to stop the work. As soon as the bridge was effectually destroyed every man was put to work assisting the train over the road, which was almost impassable. A faithful and continued effort was made until 4 a.m. on the morning of the 10th to keep it moving; then it was found impossible to go farther without rest, and for this purpose we halted in the road until 6 a.m., then moved to the camping ground intended for us the night previous. On arriving there the command halted for one hour, then marched on in the direction of Fayetteville. Leaving the town with other troops marched near twelve miles and encamped with the brigade. 11th, moved at 9 a.m. on the Fayetteville road and encamped one mile west of the town at 3 p.m. 12th, marched at 5 p.m. crossing the Cape Fear on the pontoon bridge laid just below the old bridge, which had but recently been destroyed. The command encamped with the brigade about one miles from the crossing. 13th, moved at 6 a.m. on the Raleigh road two miles and encamped on the west bank of Lock's Creek, near Beasley's Mill.

In this camp the command remained until the morning of the 15th, when it moved in the direction of Raleigh, leading the brigade; marched twelve miles and encamped. 16th, moved 8. 30 a.m. and when near Silver Run heavy skirmishing was heard in front. The command was at once moved in quick time to the front. On arriving near the scene of action I moved with the brigade to the left of the road and was assigned a position in the second line on the left of the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois. We soon engaged the enemy's skirmishers. I was then ordered to take position on the left of the Twenty-second Indiana, in the from line. Company A was at once put on the skirmish line, Captain Bucks in command. During this time we were steadily advancing and driving the enemy into the main line

