
of works. We then halted within 150 yards of the same and fortified our position. A lively skirmish was kept up until 11 p.m., when the enemy retired from our front. During this short but spirited engagement the command sustained a loss of 2 killed and 6 wounded. Among the wounded were two commissioned officers. March 17, moved at 9. 30 a.m. on the Goldsborough road, crossing the headquarters of South River, and encamped with the brigade, at 6 p.m. 18th, marched at 5. 30 a.m. and encamped at 8. 30 a.m., leading the brigade. Soon after leaving camp cannonading was heard in our front, and increased as we approached. When near the point where the firing was going on the command was moved to the right of the Goldsborough road and was assigned a position a short distance from it in the front line and on the left of the brigade. The position was at once fortified by throwing up a temporary work from fallen timber, that was found in the immediate neighborhood of the line., This work was scarcely completed when I was ordered to move by the left, forming a line almost at right angles with the position from which I had moved. The line was soon well formed in this new position, and the command forward given, which at once made apparent to all the object of the sudden change of our position. Moving a short distance the enemy was met in heavy force and a very few shots from their skirmish line brought on a general engagement. The firing from my line was well directed by the men, at once breaking the enemy's line, and he retreated a short distance in disorder and confusion. At this time I occupied the extreme right of the line, and consequently my flank somewhat exposed. To guard this I refused the right of my line to some extent, and immedihe general commanding of my situation. The Eighty-sixth Illinois was soon moving to my right under a lively skirmish fire, and the enemy taking advantage of this necessary change of position at once, with renewed vigor, attacked his left and my right, and succeeded in breaking the right of my line, at the same time assaulting in front. Some confusion was occasioned by this, but the enemy having suffered severely, did not, or could not, follow up with his broken and straggling ranks the seeming advantage gained. The command falling back but a very short distance, rallied and threw up works, and with night coming on the conflict for the day was ended, and the men rested on their arms until morning. The command during the engagement suffered a loss of 2 killed and 16 wounded and 2 missing.

On the morning of the 20th moved with the brigade to the position taken and fortified on the morning of the 19th. A detail was then made to bury the dead of the enemy hat might be found on the field, and while engaged in this act of humanity one of the party was seriously wounded by the enemy's pickets. A report of the number buried has already been made. At 2 p.m. the command moved forward to the front line, occupied the previous day by a portion of the Second Brigade, and remained there until the morning of the 21st, when at 6 a.m. moved with the brigade near one mile to the front and bearing to the left took position in the front line. One company in charge of Lieutenant Armstrong was put upon the skirmish line. At 3 p.m. the enemy made a feeble assault upon our lines, but accomplished nothing. Major J. T. Holmes at this time took command of the left wing of the regiment and moved it to the left in easy supporting distance of the skirmish line, and remained so until the morning of the 22nd. The right wing was withdrawn from the front line and assigned a position a position in the rear a short distance from the front line, where they threw up a

