
heavy work sufficient for the entire regiment, the left y detail. The enemy retreated during the night, leaving us in full possession of the direct road to Goldsborough. At 10 a.m. the regiment moved with the brigade on that road and encamped near the Neuse River. 23rd, moved at 8. 30 a.m., crossing the River above named; arrived at Goldsborough in the evening and encamped near and northwest of the town, where the command at present remains For a campaign so extensive and attended with so much danger, our list of casualties is light, as the following will show: When near Lexington, S. C., on the 15th day of February, 2 enlisted men were missing; March 16, near Silver Run, N. C., 2 enlisted men killed and 4 wounded; also, 2 commissioned officers wounded; March 19, near Bentonville, 2 enlisted men killed, 16 wounded, and 2 missing. Total, 4 killed, 22 wounded, and 4 missing.

During the entire campaign, notwithstanding it was attended with many hardships and privations, all did their duty well and without complaint; and, in conclusion, it is proper to say of those who are forever lost to us, that they died in the discharge of their duty as good soldiers, and well deserve the highest gratitude of the country they served so faithfully.

CHARLES W. CLANCY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain CHARLES SWIFT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 107. Report of Bvt. Major General Absalom Baird, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 24, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division during the South Carolina Campaign, just terminated:

The Right Wing of the army, consisting of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Corps, having already moved from Savannah into South Carolina by way of port Royal, and the Twentieth Corps of the Left Wing having crossed over immediately in front of the city, the Fourteenth Corps was ordered to move up upon the South bank of the Savannah, and effect a crossing at Sister's Ferry this division to move via the River road and the town of Springfield, whilst the other two divisions took a road more to the left. Leaving Savannah in obedience to the above orders at 7 a.m. on the 20th of January, my command moved as far as Cherokee Hill, near Saint Augustine Creek, and encamped in the vicinity of the ground occupied by the division on the 11th of December, as we approached the city. Our march was here arrested on account of unfavorable weather and the wretched condition of the roads, which recent excessive rains had rendered almost impassable, besides flooding all of the streams and much of the low country occupied by other portions of the army. Remaining at this point during the 21st, 22nd, 23rd, and 24th, my column was again put in motion on January 25, and moving eight miles on the main Augusta road turned to the left on the Middle Ground road, leading to Springfield; moving

