
a mile farther on the road it was found to be so thoroughly blockaded by felled trees that the division was compelled to go into camp whilst strong working parties were sent out to remove the obstructions. January 26, after marching ten miles, the division arrived at 2. 30 p.m. at Springfield and here joined the other two divisions of the corps. The difficulty of crossing the creeks known as the "Runs" delayed us in the neighborhood of this place until the morning of the 28th, when the division crossed in rear of General Morgan's command, and at 3 p.m. reached the high bluff on the Savannah overlooking Sister's Ferry. The River was found to be flooded to the highest point known among the inhabitants, and the low ground on the opposite shore deeply submerged for some miles back from the ordinary shore. It therefore required much delay before any attempt to lay down a bridge could be made, and subsequently great labor to accomplish that work and to bridge the swamps on the Carolina side.

It was not until the 5th of February that my division was able to cross, and it then remained in camp on the northern bank until the morning of the 7th, for the purpose of procuring, by the River, certain supplies we had been unable to get before leaving Savannah. On the evening of the same day, after a difficult march through three miles of swamp and savanna, we camped finally on the dry ground between Robertsville and Brighton. Next morning (the 8th) taking the road leading to Ingraham we found it throughly blockaded and the bridges destroyed. Marched twelve miles, crossing Big and Little Pipe Creeks, and encamped at nightfall on the plantation of Mr. Bostick, February 9, crossing Dry Gall and King's Creeks, Widow's Branch, and Brier Creek, marched sixteen miles and pitched our camp on plantation of Mr. Minn, twenty-two miles from Barnwell. February 10, entered Barnwell at 3 p.m., having crossed Boggy Fogut and Salkehatchie River. At noon next day February 11, taking the White Pond road, marched to about two miles from Williston, on the South carolina Railroad, and encamped on plantation of Mr. Weatherby. During the 12th and morning of the 13th division destroyed eight miles of track on the South Carolina Railroad, and then marched to Davis' Bridge, on the South Fork of the Edisto River, and encamped at Pond Branch. On the 14th crossed South Fork; marched sixteen miles; crossed North Fork and went into camp on the River-bank, During the 15th and 126th the march was continued, crossing Congaree and Beaver Dam Creek, Red Branch, Twelve-Mile Creek, and at 10 a.m. of the latter date entered the town of Lexington, encamping that night four miles beyond, at Twelve-Mile Creek. February 17, division crossed the Saluda and encamped seven miles beyond the River. On the 18th arrived at Freshly's Ferry, on Broad River. On the 19th crossed Broad River, moved up to Alston on the Greenville and Columbia Railroad, destroying two miles of the track, twelve cars, and a large amount of rebel stores. February 20, encamped at noon at plantation of Mrs. A. Johnston, one mile and a half from Little River. February 21, crossed Little River, Johnston's Creek, and, passing through the suburbs of Winnsborough, encamped three miles from the latter place, on the Charlotte and South Carolina Railroad. On the 22nd, commencing at the Forty-six Mile Post, destroyed six miles of the track, passing through Youngsville. Marching twelve miles on the 23rd, division went into camp three miles South of the Catawba River. At this point we were delayed during the 24th, 25th, and 26th, the late heavy rains having swollen the River to such an extent that the greatest diffi-

