
culty was found in pontooning it. During the night of the 27th and following day the division passed safety over and encamped on the northern bank.

March 1, division marched twelve miles to Ingraham's Mills, near Hanging Rock; roads in terrible condition. March 2, passed Little Lynch's Lick, and Flat Creeks, through almost impassable roads, and marched fifteen miles. March 3, crossing Lynch's and Mill Creeks, marched sixteen miles and encamped at Edgeworth's Mills; during the day harassed somewhat by rebel cavalry hanging on our flank and picking up forages and stragglers. On the 4th crossed Johnson's and Cedar Creeks; marched fifteen miles; crossed the State line at noon and encamped ten miles from Haile's Ferry. On the 5th at arrived at the Pedee, where the division remained in camp until noon of the 7th; then crossing the Pedee, marched ten miles on the Rockingham road and went into camp. March 8, reached Lumber River, having marched twenty miles through piney woods. March 9, crossed Lumber, marched twenty miles on the Fayetteville plank road, and encamped at Puppy Creek. On the 10th made but three miles, encamping at Rockfish Creek-one brigade, Colonel Hunter's, having been sent forward two miles to Bone Creek to repair the brigade. Moving at 6 a.m. next morning, 11th, struck the rebel pickets at Beaver Creek, six miles from Fayetteville; drove them from their barricades, pushed on and entered the city at 9 a.m., recapturing and placing guards over the old U. S. Arsenal, basely surrendered by the traitor, Samuel S. Anderson, at the beginning of the rebellion. It contained a number of cannon and small-arms, together with valuable machinery for their manufacture.

Having been directed to take command of the city and garrison it with my command the three brigades were at once posted in advantageous positions in the suburbs, and furnished guards to only for public buildings, but for nearly every private house. On our arrival I found the stragglers from all portions of the army who had pushed in with the advanced guard committing many disorders, but as soon as they could be cleared out good order was established and maintained during our stay in the place. I remained in Fayetteville until the entire army had crossed the Cape Fear on the two pontoons we had laid down; and then, on the night of the 15th, passed my own division over and took up the bridges. Before leaving the town I destroyed 2 iron foundries of some importance, 4 cotton factories, and the printing establishment of 3 newspapers. At the same time Colonel Poe, chief engineer of the army, destroyed the old U. S. Arsenal and all the material in it. March 16, the trains of the entire corps having been placed in my charge. I marched with them on the direct road to Falling Creek, whilst the other two division, unencumbered, and two division of the Twentieth Corps, marched upon a road some miles to our left, leading by Bentonville to Cox's Bridge.

Our road was extremely difficult, owing to heavy rains and being exhausted by the trains preceding ours; we, however, made nine miles before encamping. The march was continued on the 17th, crossing the South River, and on the 18th and 19th crossing the Little and Big Coheras and encamping at the point where our road crossed the Clinton and Bentonville road, within seven miles of the latter place. During the 19th the column moving on our left had encountered near Bentonville a largely superior force of the enemy, concentrated there to cut it off from the Right Wing, but after hard lighting throughout the day and heavy losses it was able to maintain its groung until night. At 5 a. m. onived orders to leave one brigade with

