
trains and march with the after two to the support of the divisions engaged. Arriving on the field I found all quiet, our troops and the enemy confronting each other in position, we awaiting the approach of the Right Wing from the direction of Goldsborough. No important movements took place during the day, but in the afternoon I was ordered to pass our lines and move to the front, for the purpose of making a reconnaissance of the rebel position. A sharp skirmish ensued, without serious loss, which lasted until dark. I was then ordered to withdraw again and take position in reserve. During the 21st we remained quiet, and on the 22nd, the enemy having withdrawn, we were ordered to move on to Cox's Brigade by the direct road. My division did not get out of camp until near dark, owing to the delay of the troops preceding me, yet we reached before encamping within a short distance of the point named. On the morning of the 23rd we crossed the Neuse River on the pontoon brigade, and, marching directly to Goldsborough, went into position on the ground which we now occupy. The camping was then announced to have terminated

The division was composed, on leaving Savannah, of three infantry brigades, commanded, respectively, the First by Colonel M. C. Hunter, Eighty-second Indiana Volunteers; the Second by Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Doan, One hundred and first Indiana Volunteers; the Third by Colonel George P. Este, Fourteenth Ohio Volunteers.

Our effective force at the time of marching was 258 officers and 5,236 enlisted men; total, 5,494. On reaching our destination the effective force is 239 officers and 5,073 enlisted men; total, 5,312. A portion of the loss consisted of men whose terms of service expired while on the march. A full list of casualties is appended. They amounted in all to 3 men killed, 2 officers and 13 men wounded, and 6 officers and 88 men missing.

Although in no case engaged in actual battle with the enemy the division captured 155 prisoners and deserters; also 19 stand of small-arms, and 23 cannon, besides a vast amount of valuable material and machinery in the arsenal at Fayetteville. It destroyed 16 miles of rail-road and 12 cars, also 2 iron foundries, 4 cotton factories, several mills, and the printing establishments of 3 rebel newspapers.

The number of miles marched was about 463, between the 20th of January and the 23rd of March, a period of sixty-three days.

During the same period there was drawn from our base only the following articles of food: 37 days' rations of bread, 39 1\2 days' rations of coffee, 36 day's rations of sugar, 23 1\2 day's rations of salt-the rest of our subsistence being procured from the most barren and wasted portion of the country traversed by our army.

For their fortitude and for the patience and cheerfulness with which the hardships of this unusual and trying march have been endured, I bespeak for our soldiers the highest commendation and the thanks of their countrymen.

To the commanders of my brigades and of the officers of my staff-Major James J. Connolly, One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Volunteers, inspector-general; Captain John W. Acheson, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general; Captain John Moulton, Second Minnesota Volunteers, provost marshal; Captain William B. Biddle, Eighty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, ordnance officer; First Lieutenant Jacob Line, Sixteenth U. S. Infantry, assistant commissary of musters; Surg. Charles N. Fowler, One hundred and fifth Ohio Volunteers, surgeon-in-chief; Captain M. B. W. Harman, Thirty-First Ohio Volunteers, acting assistant quartermaster; Captain A. C. Shepherd, U. S. Volunteers, commissary of

