
subsistence-I tender my warmest thanks for the zealous and efficient aid which they rendered in carrying out the objects of the campaign, and I beg to renew my commendation of them to higher authority.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BAIRD,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 108. Report of Colonel Morton C. Hunter, Eighty-second Indiana Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

SIR: In pursuance to orders I herewith transmit to you a very short and hurried report of the part taken by the First Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, which I had the honor to command in the campaign from Savannah to Goldsborough:

January 20, the brigade left Savannah and marched on main Augusta road to Cherokee Hill, a distance of eight miles, in a northwest direction from Savannah; encamped for the night. January 21 to 24, remained in camp. January 25, marched at 7 a.m. on Augusta road seven miles, turned northwest on lumber road, arriving at Middle Ground road; encamped for the night. January 26, marched on Middle Ground road at 7. 15 a.m., arriving at McCall road and passing along same to near Springfield, encamped for the night. January 27, marched at 2 p.m. on Middle Ground road, encamping for the might on Zettler's farm. January 28, marched at 10 as. m. on Sister's Ferry road; turned west on by-roads and took a position one mile from the ferry. January 29 to 31, remained in camp.

February 1, the brigade moved out as escort to train on foraging expedition. In order to reach forage was compelled to cross a swamp strongly blockaded with felled timber in water from two to three feet deep for over 200 yards, expecting an attack from the enemy at any moment; obtained a good supply of forage and returned to camp. February 2 to 4, remained in camp near Sister's Ferry. February 5, marched at 10 a.m., crossing the Savannah River; encamped near upper Sister's Ferry. February 6, marched at 12 m,; arriving at Robertsville, encamped for the night. February 7, marched at 12. 30 p.m. ; passing Brighton, encamped for the night. February 8, left camp at 7 a.m. ; marching ten miles, encamped for the night. February 9, marched at 6. 30 a.m. ; going twenty miles, encamped for the night. February 10, marched at 6 a.m. ; passing through Barnwell Court-House, encamped for the night. February 11, marched at 12 m,; going ten miles, encamped for the night. February 12, marched at 6 a.m. ; arrived at railroad twenty-four miles from Augusta, tearing up two miles of track; encamped for the night at Twenty-eight Mile Post. At this point Lieutenant A. G. Hunter, acting assistant adjutant-general, and A. Whedon, acting provost-marshall, of my staff, were captured while on duty. February 13, marched at 9. 30 a.m. ; arriving at While Pond Creek, encamped for the night. February 14, marched at 10 a.m. ; crossed South Fork

