
Edisto River, going fifteen, miles, crossing North Fork Edisto River; encamped for the night. February 15, marched at 7. 30 a.m. ; crossing Red Branch Creek, encamped for the night. February 16, marched at 11 a.m. ; arriving at Twelve-Mile Creek, encamped for the night. February 17, marched at 11. 30 a. m. ; crossed Saluda River; arriving at Metts' Mill, encamped for the night. February 18, marched at 10. 30 a.m. ; encamped near Broad River. February 19, crossing Broad River, marched twelve miles and tore up three-quarters of a mile of railroad near Alston. February 20, marched at 7 a.m. ; encamped near Little River. February 21, marched at 6 a.m. ; passing Winnsborough, camped for the night miles from town. February 22, started at 8 a. m. ; marched twelve miles, tearing up three miles of railroad. February 23, marched at 7 a.m. ; encamped near Monticello. February 24, marched at 6. 30 a.m. ; encamped within four miles of Catawba River. February 25 and 26, remained in camp. February 27, moved camp two miles. February 28, remained in camp till 9 p.m. ; spent the night in crossing trains over Catawba River and helping them up the hill on opposite side.

March 1, marched at 8 a.m. from a point three miles east of Catawba crossing; encamped for the night at Hanging Rock battle-ground. March 2, marched at 10 a.m. ; arriving at Lynch's Creek, encamped for the night. March 3, marched at 6 a.m. ; encamped at Mill Creek for the night. March 4, marched at 6. 30 a.m. ; encamped for the night three miles beyond Thompson's Creek. March 5, marched at 7 a.m. ; arriving at Pedee River, encamped for the night. March 6, remained in camp. March 7, started at 12 m. ; crossing the Pedee River and marching twelve miles; crossing the North Carolina line. March 8, marched at 7 a. m. ; encamped near Drowning Creek. March 9, marched at 6. 30 a.m. ; going twenty miles, encamped for the night. March 10, marched at 6 a.m., going five miles; repaired bridge; marched two miles, repaired another brigade, and encamped for the night. March 11, marched at 6 a.m. ; skirmishing with the enemy, entered the two of Fayetteville, N. C., and took a position to garrison it. March 12 to 15, remained in position doing garrison duty. March 16, moved at 1 a.m. across Cape Fear River; took a position one mile from River. At 7 a.m. marched as train guard on Goldsborough road five miles; encamped for the night. March 17, marched at 6. am. ; going six miles on same road and overtaking train of the Twentieth Army Corps, encamped near Black River. March 18, marched at 6. 30 a.m. ; detained by Twentieth Corps trains; encamped for the night in advance of division train. March 19, marched at 6. 30 a.m. ; crossing Cohera River, encamped for the night. March 20, marched with the Second Brigade to re-enforce the Left Wing of the army, which we found in position near Bentonville confronted by the enemy. At 2 p.m. moved out in front of First Division, of Fourteenth Army Corps, for the purpose of ascertaining whether the enemy had withdraw or still occupied his lines. The Twenty-third Missouri, together with one company from the Thirty-First, Eighty-ninth, and Ninety-second Ohio Regiments each, under command of Major Jolly, Eighty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and commanding Twenty-third Missouri detachment, was thrown toward as skirmishers, supported by rest of brigade. Our skirmishers moved forward, took and occupied the first line of rebel skirmish pits. The enemy were found in full force occupying a strong line of works. The order being not to bring on an engagement, no attack was made by the brigade, except the pressing forward of the skirmish line. At dark the brigade was ordered to

