
Numbers 109. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John M. Matheny, Eighty-second Indiana Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-SECOND INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865

COLONEL: In pursuance to orders I herewith transmit to you a brief statement of the part taken by my regiment, the Eighty-second Indiana, in the campaign from Savannah, Ga., to the present position, Goldsborough, N. C.:

In obedience to orders on the 20th of January we started from Savannah, forming a part of the First Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, commanded by Bvt. Major Gem. J. C. Davis, being a part of the army of the Left Wing, commanded by Major-General Slocum. We encamped on the night the 20th on Cherokee Hill. Here, being water-bound and the roads impassable, we were compelled to remain until the 25th day of January, at which time we marched again through Springfield.

Much embarrassed with rain and roads we arrived at Sister's Ferry January 28, where we remained until the 5th of February on account of high waters and extremely bad roads, at which time we crossed the Savannah River; marched via Robertsville and Barnwell, S. C. ; struck the Augusta and Charleston Railroad near Akin on the 12th instant. After hard marching we tore up 500 yards railroad. On the night of the 13th we camped on the South Edisto River; the 14th crossed the North Edisto River, thence through Lexington, crossing the Saluda River ten miles above Columbia; thence about six miles, crossed Broad River and the Spartanburg railroad; tore up 300 yards railroad; thence through Winnsborough and White Oak Station; tore up 500 yards of the Charlotte railroad; thence to the Catawba River at Rocky Mount Ferry. Here my regiment was detailed for fatigue duty. Worked on the hills on both sides the River for four days and the greater part of three nights, under drenching showers of rain, with difficulty, owing to the high stage and swiftness of the River. We succeeded in crossing on the morning of the 28th. Thence we marched to Hanging Rock, two or three days' march to the Pedee River.

Crossed the Pedee River near Haile's Ferry on the 7th of March; thence marched four days to Fayetteville, N. C., which place we reached on the 11th instant. We remained here until the night of the 15th, 100 men and three officers of my regiment doing provost duty while here. We crossed the Cape Fear River on the night of the 15th from here. For four days we were with the train, corduroying a greater part of the road. On the 20th we made a forced march of about the miles to join our corps Falling Waters, where there had been considerable fighting. Here, the brigade bring ordered to the front, my regiment formed the second line. We threw up works in about 600 yars lines; remained there until night, when we were withdraw about one mile and camped near the train. On the 21st my regiment was detailed to repair roads. On the night of the 21st enemy evacuated. On the 22nd we marched toward Goldsborough, via Cox's Ferry, crossing the Neuse River at Cox's Ferry, and reached this place on the 23 day of March.

The whole march has been a difficult and tiresome one. Almost every day my regiment (as did other regiments) corduroyed and worked

