
on the roads. But discouraging as did it appear at times to the soldiers we were never loth to respond to the calls of our noble, energetic, and untiring commanders.

The whole loss of my regiment is as follows*.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JOHN M. MATHENY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel MORTON C. HUNTER,

Commanding First Bird,. Third Div., Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 110. Report of Major John H. Jolly, Eighty-ninth Ohio Infantry, commanding Twenty-third Missouri Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD MISSOURI VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Twenty-third Regiment Missouri Volunteers in the late campaign, commencing, at Savannah, Ga., on the 20th day of January, 1865, and ending at Goldsborough, N. C., on the 23rd day of March, 1865:

Our regiment left Savannah on the 20th day of January; marched to Cherokee Hill, Ga., a distance of eight miles; same day went into camp; remained here until the 25th day; resumed our march again; marched eight miles; bivouacked for the night. Next day, 26th, marched eleven miles; halted; went into camp near Springfield, Ga. Marched next day, the 27th, two miles and a half, crossing Ebenezer Creek; camped for the night.

Resumed our march next day, 28th; marched ten miles; went into camp near Sister's Ferry, on the Savannah River, and remained in camp until the 5th day of February, when resumed our march again, crossed the Savannah River into the State of South Carolina; marched three miles; camped for the night. Next day, the 6th, marched five miles, camped for the night near the town of Robertsville. Next day, 7th, marched seven miles; camped for the night. The next day, the 8th, marched fourteen miles; camped for the night on the Lawton plantation. The next day, the 9th, marched twenty miles; bivouacked for the night. The next day, 10th, marched ten miles; camped for the night near Barnwell Court-House. On the next day, the 11th, marched ten miles; camped for the night near Blackville. The next day, 12th, marched seventeen miles; struck the Charleston and Augusta Railroad, five miles Aiken; destroyed a portion of the road, and went into camp for the night. The next day, the 13th, marched fourteen miles; camped for the night near the Edisto River. The next day, 14th, marched eighteen miles; crossed the North Edisto River; camped near the River. The next day, the 15th, marched twenty-miles; bivouacked for the night. The next day, 16th, marched eighteen miles, passing through the town of Lexington Court-House; camped for the night. The next day, the 17th, marched fourteen miles; crossed the Saluda River; camped for the night near Duck Creek. Next day, the 18th, marched three miles; roads very bad; camped near Broad River. Next day, the 19th, crossed Broad River; marched eight miles; camped for the night. Next day, the River; marched eight miles; camped for the night. Next day, the

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 enlisted men died of disease, shot accidentally, 1 captured, and 4 missing.

---------------

