
20th, marched seven miles; camped for the night; roads very bad. Next day, the 21st, marched sixteen miles; passed by Winnsborough; crossed the railroad; went into camp three miles from Winnsborough. Next day [22nd] marched fifteen miles; destroyed a portion of the Columbia and Yorkville Railroad; camped near the Concord Church. The next day, 23rd, marched thirteen miles; camped near the Catawba River; remained in camp until the 26th; marched one mile; bivouacked for the night near the Catawba River. On the night of the 27th crossed the Catawba River; worked all night making road. The next day, 28th, worked on road all day; marched three miles to camp. The regiment was here mustered for pay.

March 1, marched twelve miles; camped near Hanging Rock. Next day, 2nd, marched eighteen miles; camped near Hickory Head. Next day, the 3rd, marched eleven miles; bivouacked for the night. Next day, the 4th, marched ten miles. Next day, the 5th, marched eight miles; camped near Pedee River; remained in camp until the 7th; crossed the Pedee River next day eight above Cheraw; marched ten miles; camped for the night. Next day, the 8th, marched twenty-six miles; camped near Little Pedee River. Next day, the 9th, crossed the River; marched twenty miles; camped for the night. Next day, 10th, marched seven miles; bivouacked for the night. Next day, the 11th, marched ten miles, went into camp in Fayetteville, N. C., and remained in camp until the 15th. On the night of the 15th crossed Cape Fear River and remained as guard for pontoon bridge until daylight of the 16th; marched seven miles; worked on roads all day; camped for the night; roads very bad. Next day, 17th, marched seven miles; camped for the night near Black River. Next day, 18th, crossed the River; marched five miles and camped for the night. Next day, 19th, marched fifteen miles; bivouacked for the night. Next day, 20th, marched several miles; came up with our army corps, which was front of the enemy. The regiment was ordered on the skirmish line, and engaged the enemy's skirmishers for four hours.

Casualties in the regiment were, 3 men wounded, 2 severely, and 1 slightly; and at night we were withdraw from the line and went into camp, and remained in camp until the 22nd; marched to the right eight miles; camped for the night near the Neuse River. Next day, the 23rd, crossed the River, marched twelve miles, and went into comp at Goldsborough, N. C.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. JOLLY

Major, Commanding Regiment

Numbers 111. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin H. Showers, Seventeenth Ohio Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.

HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFANTRY, Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

In obedience to your order I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment in the campaign that has just closed:

The regiment had present when leaving Savannah, Ga., January 20, 501 enlisted men and 16 commissioned officers, and had when reaching this place on the 23rd instant 491 enlisted men and 15 commissioned officers.

