
Gained and lost during the campaign as follows: Gained-1 recruit from depot; 4 colored under-cooks; 3 enlisted men returned to duty; 1 commissioned officer returned to duty. Lost-2 enlisted men died of disease; 1 enlisted man killed accidentally; 1 enlisted man killed while foraging; 2 enlisted men captured while foraging; 1 enlisted man mustered out of service; 1 commissioned officer resigned; 11 enlisted men sent to hospital sick; 1 commissioned officers sent to hospital wounded.

The regiment has been under the enemy's fire but once during the campaign, which was on the 20th instant in a reconnaissance of the enemy's position made by Brevet Major-General Baird, in which Major W. G. Clark was severally wounded in the left hip as rifle-ball from one of the enemy's sharpshooters.

I am, Colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. SHOWERS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Seventeenth Ohio Vet. Vol. Infantry.

Colonel M. C. HUNTER,

Commanding First Brigadier, Third Div., Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 112. Report of Captain Eli Wilkin, Thirty-First. Ohio Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.

HDQRS. THIRTY-FIRST Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFANTRY, Goldsborough N. C., March 27, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Thirty-First Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry in the recent campaign from Savannah, Ga., to this place:

The regiment, under command of Captain M. Stone, in accordance with orders from brigade headquarters, left its camp near Savannah on the morning of January 20, 1865, and marched to Cherokee Hill, where it encamped until the morning of January 25, at which time it marched for Sister's Ferry, on the Savannah River, via Springfield, reaching the former place January 29, after three days' marching in unpleasant weather and over bad roads.

At Sister's Ferry the regiment went into camp until February 5, when it crossed the River, and on the following day marched to Robertsville, S. C., thence to Barnwell, reaching three on February 10. After two days' march from the latter place it reached Johnson's Station, on the Charleston and Augusta Railroad, effectually destroying about 600 yards of this road. If went into camp for the night, and on the following day came to the South Edisto River, crossing both the South Edisto and North Edisto Rivers on February 14. Passing the town of Lexington, on the 16th, crossed the Salued River. On the 17th, the Broad River. On the 19th it reached Winnsborough. On the 21st and on the following day destroyed several hundred yards of the Columbia and Charlotte Railroad and encamped in the evening on the Catawba River, where it remained until the night of the 27th, when it passed nearly the whole of the night in helping the teams across the River, and in crossing itself.

Continuing the march it passed Hanging Rock on the 2nd of March, and reached the Great Pedee River on March 5, crossing it March 7. On the 8th of March, near Rockingham, eight of the regiment were captured while foraging, all of whom escaped and returned except two,

