
whose names are given in the list casualties appended. The regiment continued its march in the direction of Fayetteville. On the 10th of March First Lieutenant A.e men were captured while foraging, the names of whom are given in the list appended. The regiment marched into Fayetteville, N. C., on the 11th, where in remained until the evening of the 15th, furnishing during that time 115 men and 3 commissioned officers as provost guard for the city. Here on the 12th of March Captain Stone was honorably mustered out of the service, at which time I assumed command of the regiment. On the night of the 15th regiment left the city and crossed the Cape Fear River, taking the direct road to Goldsborough. On the 20th reached the battle-ground near Mill Creek and was moved on the front line with the right resting on the Goldsborough road.

In accordance with orders from Colonel Hunter, commanding First Brigade, Company K, Lieutenant W. H. H. McArthur commanding, was thrown forward as skirmishers, and the regiment was moved some sixty yards to the front and left, and occupied the works that lad been used the day before by a portion of the Twentieth Army Corps. The regiment remained in position here during the heavy skirmish and artillery firing in front until night, when it was withdrawn with the brigade, and went into camp in rear of the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. On the 21st the regiment reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Matheny, of the Eighty-second Indiana Volunteer Infantry, to corduroy the road leading to the rear from the battle-ground, and on the 22nd took up its line of march for this lace, reaching here the 23rd instant, all in good health and spirits.

It is but just to state that during the whole of the time that Captain Stone commanded the regiment he worked zealously for its interest and the good of the service, ever at his post and ready. I am pleased to state that the officers and enlisted men heartily co-operated with the commanding officer, and were prompt in doing their duty on all occasions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI WILKIN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain T. R. THATCHER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 113. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William H. Glenn, Eighty-ninth Ohio Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-NINTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders regiment left Savannah, Ga., on the 20th day of January, moved north to Cherokee Hills, where we remained four days. On the 25 of January we again moved in same direction, encamping the evening of the 26th at Springfield. Moved two miles on the 27th. Arrived at Sister's Ferry on the 28th about forty miles from Savannah, where we remained until the 5th day of February.

On the 5th of February crossed the Savannah River into the State of South Carolina, over corduroy and swamp, five miles. On the 6th made four miles to Robertsville; small place burned. Make Brighton on 7th, moving only five miles. 8th, moving on Augusta road, made

