
thirteen miles. 9th, made nineteen miles; encamped at Bernwell; considerable town; good country. 11th, made twelve miles on While Pond road. 12th, struck the railroad near Aiken about noon; spent the remainder of day in destroying road. 13th, moved twelve miles; encamped on banks of Edisto. 14th, made seventeen miles to the North Edisto, 15th, made twenty miles; encamped ten miles of Columbia. 16th, made eight miles. 17th, crossed Saluda; made fourteen miles. 18th, on banks of Broad River. 19th, crossed River to Alston; twelve miles. 20th, moved eight miles on road to Winnsborough. 21st, passed through Winnsborough, moving north on railroad, destroying it as we go. 22nd, encamped near Black Stocks. 23rd, near the crossing of Catawba River. 24th and 25th, in camp awaiting the construction of bridge. 26th, moved two miles. 27th, crossed River after night; remainder of night spent in repairing road and pulling wagons out of mud. 28th, moved three miles west of Catawba.

March 1, moved ten miles to Cedar Creek. 2nd, making sixteen miles on Chesterfield road. 3rd, to Mill Creek, fourteen miles. 4th, on road to Yadkin River, making fifteen miles. 5th, on banks of Yadkin; made seven miles. 6th, in camp again waiting for geidge. 7th, crossed Yadkin and moved two miles. 8th, marched twenty-two miles to the Little Pedee. 9th, marched twenty miles in directions of Fayetteville. March 10, moved five miles; enemy reported in front. 11th, moved into Fayetteville skirmishing on the road with the Ninety-second Ohio, who were the first organized troops in town. 12th, 13th, and 14th, remained in camp at Fayetteville on provost duty. 15th, crossed the Cape Fear River at 10 o'clock at night; moved out two miles. 16th, marched eight miles on Raleigh road. 17th, on Goldsborough road; moved six miles to South River. 18th, marched but four miles. 19th, marched twelve miles to Great Cohera. 20th, moved out at daylight on quick time; marched twelve miles and camp up with the advance of the Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps which had been fighting yesterday; in afternoon we moved up to front; skirmished with the enemy a few hours; had one private severely wounded and one lieutenant slightly; at dark we fell back inside of works and rested quietly. 21st, no movement. 22nd, moving on road to Goldsborough. Enemy evacuated their works. We marched ten miles. 23rd, marched twelve miles; arrived at Goldsborough at 2 o'clock; entered town in columns of companies in presence of Generals Sherman, Schofield, Slocum, and other. Have marched 450 miles with very slight loss and come out with better transportation than we started.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant;

WILL. H. GLENN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel M. C. HUNTER,

First Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 114. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Doan, One hundred and first Indiana Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations January 20- March 23.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with instructions received from division headquarters I have the honor to forward the following report of the part

36 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I.

