
Numbers 115. Report of Major Cyrus J. McCole, Seventy-fifth Indiana Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTY-FIFTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 29, 1865

COLONEL: The part taken in the campaign, just ended, by this regiment is well known to yourself, it being constantly with the brigade, and it is unnecessary for me to make a lengthy report.

I cannot speak in too high praise of the officers and men of my regiment for the promptness and willingness with which they performed every duty.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

C. J. McCOLE,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

[Lieutenant Colonel Thomas DOEN.]

Numbers 116. Report of Major Richard C. Sabin, Eighty-seventh Indiana Infantry, of operations January 20-March 25.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-SEVENTH INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 28 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the Eighty-seventh Indiana Volunteer Infantry during the campaign ending at Goldsborough, N. C., on the 25th day of March, 1865:

The regiment left camp at Savannah, Ga., on the 20th day of January, 1865, and moved out on the Augusta road about eight miles and went into camp, where it remained until the morning of the 25th, when it moved in the direction of Springfield, Ga., where it arrived on the evening of the 27th; from this point it moved in the direction of Sister's Ferry, arriving on the afternoon of the 28th.

We remained in this camp until the morning of the 5th of February, during which time the pontoons were laid across the Savannah River, and the roads sufficiently repaired for crossing. On the morning of the 5th we crossed the River and camped near the ferry on the opposite shore. There we remained until the morning of the 7th, when we moved in the direction of Robertsville and Brighton and camped near the latter place. At this point the regiment was ordered to guard the division trains, upon which duty it remained until the 25th day of March, when it arrived at Goldsborough, N. C., and rejoined the brigade.

While with the trains the duties were arduous and unpleasant during the greater portion of the time, the weather getting inclement and the roads bad. The regiment was required to preform much labor and make many night marches.

The casualties in the regiment during the campaign were as follows: 1 enlisted man died of disease January 25, 1865; and 5 enlisted men captured by the enemy March 3, 1865.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. SABIN,

Major, Commanding Eighty-seventh Indiana Volunteers.

Captain S. FORTNER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gem., 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.

