
Numbers 117. Report of Major George W. Steele, One hundred and first Indiana Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HEADQUARTERS 101ST INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report of the action of this regiment during the campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C., commencing January 20, 1865, and ending March 23, 1865:

Agreeable with orders, we moved out of Savannah with our brigade on the morning of January 20, 1865, and camped eight miles distant, where we were compelled to remain several days on account of the and crossed Ebenezer Creek, and arrived at Sister's Ferry, Ga., where we lay in camp a few days, and sent out forage parties. One enlisted man missing.

On the 5th of February, 1865, we crossed the Savannah River and entered South Carolina. Our line of march lay through swamps and forests; we passed through Barnwell, S. C., and moved toward Augusta, Ga., subsisting off the country. We struck the South Carolina Railroad near Aiken, S. C., and assisted to destroy it. Thence we changed out direction toward Columbia, S. C., and in our course we crossed the North and South Edisto Rivers, entered Lexington, S. C., and passed within seven miles of Columbia, S. C., Crossing the Saluda and Congaree [Broad] Rivers, we destroyed part of the Spartanburg and Union Railroad at Alston, S. C. Again we changed our course toward Winnsborough, S. C., through which we passed, and tore up part of the Charlotte and South Carolina Railroad at Back Stocks. Thence we moved to the Catawba River, where we were delayed several days on account of the pontoon bridge being washed away. After crossing the Catawba River and Lynch's Creek we arrived at the banks of the Great Pedee River, about eight [miles] above Cheraw, S. C.,; here we again halted a few days. After we crossed the Great Pedee River our course was direst to Fayetteville, M. C.

On the 4th of March, 1865, we entered North Carolina, and moved into Fayetteville on the 11th of March, where we rested until the 15th of March, when we crossed the Cape Fear River, and in chteenth Army Corps train pursued the direct road to Goldsborough, N. C., On the 20th of March we moved to the front, and made a demonstration, and participated in the movement that compelled the enemy to withdraw. On the 22nd of March we resumed our march, and on the 23rd entered Goldsborough, on which day the rebels attacked our forage, and wounded 2 and captured 2. During the campaign we captured 15 prisoners. We were engaged in all the hard marches and duties that our brigade preformed, marching a distance of nearly 500 miles, and depending on the country for supplies. The casualties were all confined to our forage parties. Loss, 2 enlisted men wounded, 2 missing, and 2 captured; total, 6.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE W. STEELE,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain S. FORTNER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.

