
Numbers 118. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Judson W. Bishop, Second Minnesota Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. SECOND MINNESOTA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions just received from brigade headquarters I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the recent campaign commencing at Savannah, Ga., on the 20th day of January, 1865, and terminating at this place on the 23rd day of March, 1865:

On the evening of the 19th of January the regiment was relieved from guard duty in the city of Savannah, and on the morning of the 20th rejoined the brigade and marched with it eight miles to Cherokee Hill, on the Augusta road, where it remained in camp until the morning of January 25, when it marched for Sister's Ferry, on the Savannah River, passing through Springfield, Ga., and arriving on the 28th; distance marched, thirty-two miles.

February 5, crossed the Savannah River and marched up the left bank of the River for Barnwell Court-House, passing through Robertsville and Brighton, and crossing the Salkehatchie River, and arriving on the afternoon of the 10th; distance marched, sixty miles. At Barnwell Court-House the regiment was detailed as provost guard and placed in charge of the town during the passage of the corps. February 11, at noon the regiment was relieved, and rejoining the brigade marched with it for the Augusta and Charleston Railroad near Aiken, arriving and assisting in the destruction of eight miles of the railroad tack on the 12th; distance marched, thirty miles. February 13, marched to Davis's Mill, on the South Edisto River, where it awaited the passage of the corps and trains; distance marched, ten miles. February 14, marched at 11 a.m., crossing the River, and during the night arrived at and crossed the North Edisto River; distance marched, eighteen miles. February 15, marched of Lexington Court-House, crossing Congaree Creek at Clark's Mills on the same day, and arriving at noon on the 16th; distance marched, twenty-four miles. Marched the same day for Columbia, and encamped six miles west of that place at Hary's Ferry, Saluda River; distance marched, six miles. February 17, marched at noon northward, crossing the Saluda River and arriving at Freshly's Ferry, on the Broad River, on the 18th; distance marched, sixteen miles. February 19, crossed Broad River and marched up the left bank to Alston Junction, where the regiment assisted in destroying the railroad track; then turning northward and crossing Little River near Monticello, arrived at Winnsborough at noon on the 21st; distance marched, thirty miles. February 22, marched northward along the railroad to Youngsville, where the regiment again assisted in the destruction of railroad tracks, then turning eastward arrived at the Catawba or Wateree River crossing, near Rocky Mount, on the 23rd; distance marched, thirty-four miles. Here the regiment, with a portion of the corps, was detained for several days by a heavy and protracted rain-storm. The pontoon bridge was partially swept away by the freshet in the River, and the roads and even the even fields were rendered nearly impassable for troops or trains. February 27, at sunset the division commenced the crossing, which consumed the entire night, and the utmost efforts of the troops in making roads and assisting the trains were required during the night and the whole of next day to get the trains safety into park two miles from the bridge. February 29

