
Numbers 119. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George T. Perkins, One hundred and fifth Ohio Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HEADQUARTERS 105TH OHIO VOLUNTEERS,March 27, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions contained in circular just received I have the honor to submit the following as a report of the operations of this regiment since leaving Savannah:

The regiment broke camp January 20, marching toward Sister's Ferry, where it arrived about the 1st of February.

February 5, crossed the Savannah River and marched toward Barnwell; passed through this town and thence north, striking the Branchville, and Augusta Railroad about twenty-five miles east of Augusta, and assisted in tearing up and destroying railroad track. From this point marched in a northerly direction, crossing the South and North Edisto Rivers, and passing through Lexington crossed the Saluda River about-miles and the Broad River about twenty miles from Columbia; thence passing through Winnsborough struck the Catawba River at Kingsbury's Ferry, crossed, and moving in a north-easterly direction crossed the Great Pedee River about ten miles above Cheraw. From this point moved in a northeasterly direction again to Fayetteville, where it remained five or six days; crossing the Cape Fear River marched toward Goldsborough, where it arrived March 23 and went into camp.

The regiment during the campaign has been with and taken a part in all the operations of the brigade and division to which it is attached.

Casualties have been as follow: 3 privates captured by the enemy and 3 wounded (2 accidentally and 1 by the enemy).

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. T. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 105th Ohio Volunteers.

Captain S. FORTNER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, Third Division.

Numbers 120. Report of Colonel George P. Este, Fourteenth Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with the orders of the general commanding division I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Third Brigade in the operations of the Army of Georgia during the campaign just closed:

It is difficult to determine just how much or how little to say of the movements of so small a portion of the army during a campaign so unexampled in the history of war. For the beginning of the campaign to the end thereof my brigade was never formed in line of battle. Excepting the obstacles encountered in the way of broad rivers almost

