
innumerable small creeks, apparently impassable roads, and almost never ending bad unpleasant weather, the brigade I have the honor to command found nothing to delay its daily progress. But though no enemy was met worthy of mention, no shots exchanged or bayonets crossed, during our campaign of more than sixty days in duration, never before in the history of this or any other war did officers and men undergo greater privations, endure greater hardships, or overcome greater obstacles, and with a patience and cheerfulness more worthy the true soldier, than did those attached to my command during the campaign just ended. The historian can never do full justice to, the country never sufficiently appreciate, the labors, the fortitude, and the more than heroic spirit exhibited by the army engaged in the Savannah campaign.

Leaving Savannah January 20, 1865, and reaching Sister's Ferry, upon the Savannah River, on the evening of the 27th, the Third Brigade remained there until the 5th of February, on which day it crossed the River, and on the 10th, having marched seventy miles from the crossing of the River, encamped near Barnwell. Leaving Barnwell February 11, on the 13th crossed the South Edisto River, having marched in the meantime nearly fifty miles, and destroyed overe Charleston and Augusta Railroad. On the 14th crossed the North Edisto River, and having averaged about fifteen miles per day, crossed the Saluda River on the 17th at a point about sixteen miles northwest of Columbia. On the 18th we crossed Broad River and destroyed about a mile of the Greenville and Columbia Railroad, near Alston Station. Continuing the March on the 22nd of February we destroyed a little over two miles of the Charlotte and South Carolina Railroad, about five miles distant north of White Oak Station. Resuming our March we reached the Wateree or Catawba River on the 23 d, and owing to the difficulties attending the laying and retaining in place of the pontoon bridge did not cross until the 28th.

On the 5th of March we reached the Great Pedee River, having made a most unexampled March over the most terrible roads ad amid constantly pouring rains. Crossed the River at a point eight miles above Cheraw on the 7th instant, and moving in the direction of Fayetteville, N. C., reached that place on the 11th instant, having encountered but trifling opposition; remained there until the morning of the 16th, doing duty as provost guard in conjunction with the First and Second Brigades. Leaving Fayetteville on the morning of the 16th at 1 a.m. the brigade crossed Cape Fear River, and on the next day, taking charge of the corps trains, moved forward in the direction of Goldsborough, reaching the Neuse River three miles west of Goldsborough on the 22nd, without the loss of a wagon or mule, although at times within a very few miles of heavy columns of the enemy.

The casualties of the campaign have been forwarded already; they have been trifling and only occurred in foraging parties. I believe I do not exaggerate in estimating the amount of corduroying done by my brigade as being between twenty and twenty-five miles; and railroad effectually destroyed over five miles. We have marched over 470 miles, and found no mud deep enough, no hills steep enough, no quicksand treacherous enough, to prevent the taking of our trains wherever the column was ordered to move.

Henceforth it may be regarded as a fixed fact that wagons can be moved wherever man can March.

