
Hoping this brief and hurried return of the operations of the brigade may be satisfactory to the general commanding. I respectfully submit it with the accompanying reports of the regiment commanders.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. P. Este,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. W. ACHESON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 121. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Morgan, Seventy-fourth Indiana Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-FOURTH Regiment INDIANA VOL. INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders received from brigade headquarters I report that during the late campaign this regiment simply participated in the movements of the brigade, and the consequently it performed no duty necessary to particularize. At the time the battle occurred in which a portion of the corps was engaged this regiment was, with the remainder of the brigade, guarding the train. During the whole of the campaign this organization was not under fire, or in line of battle. Our only loss was among the foragers detailed from the command. One commissioned officer, First Lieutenant and Adjt. John H. Schutt, has been missing since the 20th instant, and it is supposed that he is captured. Sergeant-Major Adams was wounded and captured, but made his escape and is now a patient in the hospital in this city. Quartermaster-Sergeant Bear is missing. One corporal and 1 private were captured, 1 private was wounded, and 1 is missing.

Respectfully,

THOS. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. B. NEWTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 122. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Hubbard K. Milward, Eighteenth Kentucky Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH KENTUCKY VETERAN INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following record of the part taken by my command m the campaign from Savannah, Ga., ending at this point:

As part of the Third Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, I moved my command from Savannah, Ga., on the morning of January 20, 1865, from which time to the ending of the campaign at

