
this place the command has participated in all road and bridge building, railroad destroying, marches, dangers, and fatigues of the brigade. The following is a list of the casualties during the campaign: John Miller, private, Company F, missing, March 3, 1865; Strother H. Locket, private, Company K, missing, March 7, 1865.

I am, very respectfully,

H. K. MILWARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. B. NEWTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 123. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Albert Moore, Fourteenth Ohio Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the late campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C.:

The regiment left Savannah, GA., January 20, 1865, and marched in column with the brigade during the campaign.

February 5, the regiment crossed the Savannah River at Sister's Ferry and entered the State of South Carolina, passing through the State from South to north, destroying all railroads and other property of value to the rebel Army.

February 27, we had I commissioned officer and 12 enlisted men captured while foraging near the Catawba River.

We crossed the North Carolina line March 4 and marched toward Fayetteville, where we arrived March 11. Remained there three days and did garrison duty in the eastern part of town. March 5, the regiment lost 1 man, captured while foraging, and March 10 had 2 men captured while foraging. At 10 p.m. of the 15th of March we left Fayetteville and crossed Cape Fear River, and in the rain and dark pulled the brigade train up the River-bank, where mud found without bottom. From Fayetteville, N. C., we marched toward Goldsborough, N. C., guarding the Fourteenth Army Corps train. Arrived at Goldsborough March 23, passing through with the train going to Kinston for supplies, arriving near Kinston the same day. Started back March 25, 1865, to Goldsborough, and arrived there on the 26th of March, 1865, and immediately went into camp on the north of town. During the campaign the regiment took no part I any fighting or skirmishing, but a very active part in building corduroy roads and bridges, which was almost an every-day business. The regiment was subsisted principally from that country that is passed through, drawing less than one-third rations from Government supplies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT MOORE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. B. NEWTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.

