
Numbers 124. Report of Captain Charles M. Gilbert, Thirty-eight Ohio Infantry, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. THIRTY-EIGHTH OHIO VET. VOL. INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with the order of the Colonel commanding the brigade I have the honor to submit the following report in brief of the operations of the Thirty-eighth Regiment Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry during the campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C., terminating with our occupancy of the latter place:

On the morning of the 20th of January regiment left Savannah in pursuance with orders from brigade headquarters, and entered upon the great and memorable campaign which has just been so successfully closed and which has struck such powerful and victorious blows upon the reeling Confederacy. This day the command moved about seven miles, when, in consequence of the bad condition of the roads, it was found necessary to encamp and repair them; here in connection with brigade the regiment until the 25th. On the 25th, 26th, and 27th marched about ten miles each day, arriving near Sister's Ferry, Ga., on the evening of the 27th.

Here the regiment remained until the morning of the 5th of February. Nothing aside from the usual routine of camp incidents occurred during these marches. February 5, crossed the Savannah River into South Carolina and marched four miles up and nearly parallel with the River, encamping near the upper ferry. Here the regiment remained until the morning of the 7th, when the March was again resumed; this day passed through Robertsville, at which point the line of March was changed to the left; distance marched was about ten miles. On the 8th marched sixteen miles. 9th marched twenty miles; some small bridges burned and obstructions in road, which, however, caused little delay. On the 10th still encountered slight obstacles in the shape of barricades and burned bridges; to-day marched seventeen miles and encamped in the suburbs of the village of Barnwell. February 11, marched thirteen miles. 12th marched eighteen miles and destroyed 255 yards of railroad track. On the 13th destroyed the same amount of track and then marched seventeen miles, crossing the South Edisto River. 14th, marched seventeen miles, crossing the North Edisto River during day. On the 15th, 16th, and 17th marched about fourteen miles each day, traveling in the direction of Columbia, S. C. On the 17th a detour was made to the left and we crossed the Saluda River, having passed through the village of Lexington on the 16th. On the 18th marched but five miles. On the 19th marched twelve miles, crossing Broad River and destroying the railroad at Alston. 20th, marched five miles. 21st, marched fifteen miles, passing near the vicinity of Winnsborough. On the 22nd marched fourteen miles, having torn up considerable railroad during the day; the direction traveled was toward Chesterville. On the 23rd a detour was made to the right and was marched twelve miles in the direction of Lancaster. 24th and 25th, remained in camp awaiting the completion of the pontoon bridge across the Wateree River and the crossing of the trains. 26th, marched one mile and went in camp in consequence of the breaking of the bridge across the Wateree. 27th, was stationary in camp. On the 28th crossed the Wateree River.

