
March 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, marched an average of about fourteen miles each day. On the 3rd the column crossed Lynch's Creek, the general direction traveled during these days being east, or toward the Pedee River. March 6, remained in camp; 7th, crossed the Great Pedee eight miles above Cheraw, and were distributed as guards along the wagon train of the division; 8th, marched twenty-four miles; 9th, marched eighteen miles; 10th, marched five miles stall going in the direction of Fayetteville, N. C. (I had forgotten to mention in the proper place that on the 8th the regiment had crossed the line into North Carolina), with every prospect of an engagement, as Hardee was reported as on a forced March to the relief of Fayetteville, and only a few miles to our left. On the morning of the 11th forward movement was resumed, the Thirty-eighth Ohio having the advance of the brigade. Some slight skirmishing soon occurred in the advance and the brigade was formed in column by regiments on left of the road to await the development of the enemy's position, the Thirty-eighth occupying the front line. It being soon ascertained that no considerable force was in front to oppose the advance, the Thirty-eighth Ohio was ordered to a crossing about a mile farther up the creek, in which direction some desultory firing was heard, and to serve the double purpose of a picket and reconnaissance. At the crossing above referred to the bridge was found burned and a party of rebel cavalry posted on the opposite side. Company F was immediately deployed as skirmishers and advanced into position near the creek. After some inconsiderable firing upon both sides the enemy retreated; no casualties on either side. The road now being clear, the train to Fayetteville. In obedience to this order the regiment returned to the main road and followed the train to the city, arriving there about 4 p. m. March 11.

The regiment remained in Fayetteville during the 12th, 13th, 14th, and 15th. On the 16th, at 1 a.m., left Fayetteville, crossed the Cape Fear River, and marched twelve miles in the direction of Goldsborough, and acting as guard for train. March 17, marched eight miles, crossing Black River. 18th, marched six miles. 19th, marched twelve miles, being still with the train. On the 20th marched about six miles, and on the 21st, in connection with balance of the brigade, arrived near the Neuse River, west of Goldsborough, which was then in our possession, and the campaign was virtually closed. The Thirty-eighth did not participate in any of the late battles near Goldsborough, being on duty with the train the entire time.

The hardships and privations of this great campaign have been many and great, and yet the men of this command have borne up under the most trying and perplexing circumstances, with a heroism and power of endurance unequaled in the annals of the word. Officers and men have vied with each other in the well doing of their work, and it is impossible to make distinction for meritorious conduct. All have done nobly and well their duty.

In concluding this brief and imperfect report, I beg leave to express my thanks to the Colonel commanding the brigade, and to each member of this staff, for the uniform courtesy and kindness with which he has treated, not only myself, but also the officers and men of my command during the entire campaign.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES M. GILBERT,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain JOSEPH B. NEWTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brig., 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.

