
Numbers 125. Reports of Major Charles Houghtaling, First Illinois Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY Brigadier, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 30, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the Artillery Brigade, Fourteenth Army Corps, during the campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C., embracing a period of sixty-two days, beginning on the 20th day of January. 1865 and ending on the 23 day of March, 186:

On the 20th of January we moved from Savannah, Ga., and on the 28 the we camped at Sister's Ferry. At this time Battery C, First Illinois Light Artillery, and Battery I, Second Illinois Light Artillery, were reporting to the First Wisconsin Battery and the Nineteenth Indiana Battery were reporting directly to me.

I crossed the River with my command on the 5th day of February, and put the Fifth Wisconsin Battery in position on the left bank of the River to guard against the approach of a rebel gun-boat reported to be descending the River from Augusta. On the morning of the 7th of February I broke camp and moved to Brighton Cross-Roads, when the Fifth Wisconsin Battery was reported (by order of General Davie) to General Baird, commanding the Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

From this time till the conclusion of the campaign, Battery C, First Illinois; Battery I, Second Illinois, and the Fifth Wisconsin Battery reported to the different division of the corps, and under the immediate control of the commanders.

On the 17th of February I crossed the Saluda River, after a March of ten days, during which time I moved with the corps headquarters train, crossing the South Edisto River on the 13th, and the North Edisto on the 14th, of February. On the 19th I crossed Broad River. The country between the Saluda and Broad Rivers afforded a greater amount of forage and subsistence for the men than any other previously passed through. On the 28th day of February I crossed the Catawba River after a delay of five days on its right bank, occasioned by heavy and continuous rains which raised the River to such a height that the pontoon bridge was swept away, sustaining a loss of fourteen boats.

On the 4th of March the Great Pedee River was reached eight miles above Cheraw; the distance from the Catawba to the Great Pedee, eighty-five miles; the time consumed by the March, five days; the weather during the time a continuous rain-storm, and the roads a bottomless pit of mud. After a delay of two days on the right bank of the Great Pedee the command crossed over the 7th, and the 11th reached Fayetteville. Between the Great Pedee and Cape Fear Rivers is a continuous forest of pine, which affords neither forage for animals nor subsistence for men. On the 14th Cape Rear River was crossed, after a half of two days at Fayetteville. During the engagement of the 16th the artillery was massed on the left of the Averasborough road under my direction, but was o engaged.

On the 19th Battery C, First Illinois, and the Nineteenth Indiana Battery were heavily engaged, sustaining a loss as follows:

