
Battery C, 4 men killed, 3 wounded, and 1 captured, and 5 horses killed; Nineteenth Indiana Battery, commanding officer mortally wounded, 3 enlisted men wounded, 3 guns captured, and 20 horses killed and captured.

On the 20th remaining battery, Fifth Wisconsin, was engaged for a short time, sustaining no loss. We reached Goldsborough on the 23rd.

I am, Colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES HOUGHTALING,

Major, Commanding Artillery Brigade, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY Brigadier, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 30, 1865.

Report of the part taken by the Artillery Brigade, Fourteenth Army Corps, in the engagements of the 19th, 20th, and 21st of March, 1865:

On the 19th of March Battery C, First Illinois Light Artillery, was put in position by direction of General Carlin on the right and left of the old Continental road to Goldsborough, supported by the right of General Carlin's division (First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps). From this position 302 rounds of ammunition were expended. The battery was opposed to a battery of artillery and a strong line of infantry. About 1 o'clock the battery was assisted by the Nineteenth Indiana Battery; subsequently it moved father to the left by General Carolin's order, gaining a position just as the lines gave way. If tell back three-quarters of a mile and was then put in a position by me on the left of the old Continental road, where it remained steadily engaging the enemy till night.

The Nineteenth Indiana Battery relieved Battery C by my direction. From this position it expended eighty-eight rounds of ammunition. It was here supported by General Robinson's brigade, of the First Division, Twentieth Army Corps, and when the line gave way three guns were lost. Battery I, Second Illinois Light Artillery, was put in position by me on right and rear of the last position taken by Battery C about 2 p.m., when it rear steadily till dark. The remaining gun of the Nineteenth Indiana Battery was punt in position by my order on the right of Battery I.

The Fifth Wisconsin Battery came up on the morning of the 20th. It was put in position by General Baird on the ground occupied by Battery C and the Nineteenth Indiana Battery on the 19th, where it remained till dark, when it withdrew and parked in rear of the lines. From this position if fired twenty rounds of ammunition. Subsequently one gun, lost by the Nineteenth Indiana Battery, was recovered. The batteries remained in these position till the enemy retreated on the night of the 21st of March.

I desire to make special mention of Second Lieutenant Palmer F. Scovel, commanding Battery C, First Illinois Light Artillery, and First Sergt. Jonathan Miller, and Sergt. William McIntyre, for their gallant and meritorious conduct under the very severe fire to which they were exposed and during the confusion created by the infantry when it gave way. I would most respectfully recommend them for performance. The fire from this battery was accurate and destructive. Early in the engagement one of the enemy's limbers was struck and blown up.

