
ion about six miles and went into camp; remained there until the morning of the 25th, when I again took up the line of March with First Division and marched to Sister's Landing, River, and went into camp. Remained there until February 5, when I crossed the River with First Division and camp. On the morning of the 6th I resumed the March with the division and marched to Catawba River, where I was ordered by General to place my guns in position to cover the crossing. The enemy showing themselves I opened on them; fired six rounds.

The next morning, March 1, I resumed with the First Division and marched with them until the morning of the 19th of March. The division being engaged with the enemy, I was ordered into position in the edge of a pine thicket on the left of the road. I immediately opened and was engaged by the enemy's batteries, firing at intervals until 1 p.m. . ; when the battery was withdrawn and taken to the extreme left. I unlimbered my pieces and awaited orders to open. At this time the Second Brigade in my front gave way and were falling back through the battery. Seeing that the battery would be lost if I remained there, I limbered up and fell back and took up a position on the left of the road, supported by Third Brigade, First Division, Twentieth Army Corps. I was engaged in this position until dark. I fired about 642 rounds. I sustained a loss of 4 men killed, 3 wounded, and 1 captured; also 1 limber wheel. I remained in this position until the morning of the 22nd, when I resumed the March with the division and went into camp near Goldsborough on the evening of the 23rd of March.

During the campaign I captured 25 horses and 25 mules, and abandoned 40 head of horses and mules.

On the 15th of February First Lieutenant Joseph R. Channel was captured while out with forage detail.

During the campaign and it the engagement of the 19th instant officers and men preformed their duty well in every respect, without any exception. The general condition of my animals at present is pectfully, your obedient servant,

PALMER F. SCOVEL,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

Numbers 127. Report of Lieutenant Judson Rich, Battery I, Second Illinois Light Artillery, of operations January 20-March 23.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken in the recent campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C., by Battery I, Second Illinois Light Artillery:

January 20, 1865, at 8 a.m., I moved from camp near Savannah, Ga., marching on the Louisville, Ga., attached to the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps; roads bad and weather rainy; made about nine miles; went into camp; lay until 25th, at 7 a.m. ; marching each day until 28th; at night went into camp on the bank of Savannah River near Sister's Ferry, Ga. ; in camp until February 5, 1865, the moved across the River on pontoon bridge to the South Carolina side; went into camp. 6th, in camp all day; drew and issued clothing to the men. 7th, moved near the bank of the River and went into position, relieving the reserve battery of Fourteenth Army Corps. 8th,

37 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

