
1 ammunition chest, killed several horses, and wounded 2 men. About 3. 30 p.m. the enemy charged, getting between the sections of the battery (distance, 400 yards), cutting us off from road, causing us to leave 3 guns and carriages, 1 caisson without limber, and 2 gun teams (12 horses). The remaining gun went into position at dark on the reserve line. The remainder of the battery went to the rear three-quarters of a mile and parked. First Lieutenant Samuel D. Webb mortally wounded; 2 enlisted men slightly wounded and 2 missing.

Monday, the 20th, Lieutenant Keeler in command, in the same position as last night. Lieutenant Webb died. Recovered 1 gun and limber and 1 caisson without limber.

Thursday, the 21st, in position as we were yesterday. Wednesday, 22nd, moved at 10 a.m. ; one enlisted man of the command found in enemy's hospital; encamped at 5 p.m. ; distance moved, ten miles.

Thursday, the 23rd, moved at 7 a.m. ; passed through and encamped near Goldsborough, N. C., at 7 p.m. ; two enlisted men missing, supposed to be killed by the enemy; distance made, twelve miles.

Very respectfully submitted.

CLINTON KEELER,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Nineteenth Indiana Battery.

Major CHARLES HOUGHTALING,

Chief of Artillery, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 129. Report of Captain Joseph McKnight, Fifth Wisconsin Battery, of operations January 20-March 23.
HDQRS. FIFTH WISCONSIN BATTERY, 14TH ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough N. C., March 28, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following active part the command has taken during the campaign from Savannah, Ga., to its present encampment at Goldsborough, N. C.:

On the afternoon of the 20th of January, 1865, the battery decamped from its encampment near the city of Savannah, Ga., and marched amidst a very disagreeable rain-storm and through swamps, arriving at Springfield, Ga., on the 27th instant. 28th, marched until nightfall and encamped at Sister's Ferry, on the Savannah River, where we remained until February 5, then crossed the River on pontoon bridge, and encamped at the upper landing, S. C., where the battery was placed in position to oppose a rebel gun-boat that was reported descending the River from Augusta, Ga. 7th instant, marched to Brighton and encamped for the night; was assigned to the Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. 8th and 9th, marched. 10th, passed through the town of Barnwell and bivouacked within its suburbs. 12th, marched with the Third Division within twenty-four miles of August. Ga., where we struck the Charleston and Augusta Railroad. Several miles were destroyed by the division. 13th, the March was resumed. 14th, crossed Edisto River. 16th, passed through the town of Lexington. 17th, crossed Saluda River. 19th, crossed Broad River; marched through a mountainous country. 21st, crossed Little Rock, and at dusk encamped near the Charleston and Richmond Railroad, which was being destroyed. 27th, crossed Catawba River at midnight.

