
March 5, encamped within eight miles of Cheraw. 7th, crossed Great Pedee River. 9th, crossed Little Pedee River. 11th, encamped at Fayetteville, N. C. ; remained there until the 15th, then crossed Cape Fear River; the battery was placed in position upon the bank. 20th, engaged the enemy twenty-one miles west from Goldsborough; fired twenty rounds of solid shot from the left section of the battery, but was not replied to by the enemy's batteries. 23rd, crossed Neuse River and passed through the town of Goldsborough, N. C., and at present are encamped within its limits. During the campaign we have lost by capture five enlisted men while foraging for the battery animals. We have obtained subsistence for man and beast principally from the enemy since leaving Sister's Ferry, Ga., and have during the month captured 10 horses and 3 mules. More mules were captured, but were exchanged for horses. Loss sustained in horses, 19. The general condition of the animals at present is far from getting termed good, for many are worn down and should be replaced by more serviceable ones.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH McKNIGHT,

Captain, Commanding Fifth Wisconsin Battery.

Major CHARLES HOEGHTALING,

Chief of Artillery, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 130. Report of Bvt. Major Gem. Alpheus S. Williams, U. S. Army, commanding Twentieth Army Corps, of operations January 1-March 31.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 31, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Twentieth Army Corps during the recent campaign:

While halting at Savannah Geary's (Second) division occupied the town. Ward's and Jackson's division were massed between the Savannah River and the Charleston railroad.

On the 1st of January Ward's division was moved across the River, and, after brushing away a small force of rebel cavalry, took position in advance of the Cheves plantation, on the Union Causeway turnpike, sending forward reconnoitering parties toward Hardeeville. On 17th of January Jackson's division was sent across the River and Wad's ordered to occupy Hardeeville. The extraordinary overflow of the Savannah River, submerging the low rice-fields any many of the artificial dikes upon which the corduroy road was laid, cut off Geary's division and a portion of the train of Jackson's division. Geary with two regiments of Jackson's division and trains were therefore ordered to follow the Fourteenth Army Corps on the west side of the river to Sister's Ferry, and report directly to the major-general commanding the Left Wing. The report of Brevet-Major General Geary, commanding, will give in detail the movements of that division until it rejoined the corps at Blackville.

On the 19th Jackson's division took post at Purysburg, Ward's remaining at Hardeeville; some necessary supplies were obtained by boat at the excellent landing at Purysburg. The U. S. gun-boat Pontiac, Captain Luce commanding, came up the River and proceeded on toward Sister's Ferry. On the 28th I moved Jackson's division as

