
far as Bradham's, and found the swamps of the Savannah so overflowed that it was impossible to reach Sister's Ferry. On the 29th I ordered Ward to follow, and both division to encamp at Robertsville, three miles from the landing above Sister's Ferry. I found the rebel cavalry in some force, but they were easily driven across Black Swamp Creek, north of the village, by our skirmish line; Jackson's division had three men wounded. Both division encamped around Robertsville before night. On the 30th I had the bridges over creeks and swamps toward the landing rebuilt. I found the U. S. steamer Pontiac and some transports with supplies at the landing. It was necessary to take a boat to communicate with Major-General Slocum on the opposite bank, three miles below. The road between the points was deeply overflowed the whole distance.

On the 2nd of February, leaving Selfridge's brigade, of Jackson's division, at the landing to guard the supplies and to construct and repair roads, I marched with the two brigades of that division and Ward's entire division toward Lawtonville. Just before reaching that place the enemy developed a long skirmish line being a swamp and opened on my advance with two pieces of artillery. Ward, in advance, was directed to send one regiment to the left to find the flank and rear of the rebel line and to attack vigorously in front. The enemy were speedily dislodged, leaving serval dead and wounded. Wade lost 2 killed and 12 wounded in his skirmish line. The command encamped around Lawtonville. On the 3rd I marched in a drizzling rain to the Coosawhatchie Swamp, near Duck Branch Post-Office, and reported in person to the major-general commanding the Military Division of the Mississippi. On the 4th, to avoid the deep water of Coosawhatchie Swamp, I diverged to the left by a settlement road through very swampy ground as far as Smyrna Post-Office, and then moved north on the Barnwell pike, encamping at Allendale Post-Office. On the 5th the command marched to Gray's Cross-Roads, then moving to the right along Wills Branch, encamped near Bufords Bridge, having struck the rear of the Fifteenth Corps. February 6, I crossed the swamps and streams of the Big Salkehatchie, and, turning to the left along Brig.'s Creek to avoid route of the Fifteenth Crops, took the road north to Nimmon's Cross-Roads and then east to the Little Salkehatchie, where the command encamped in very cold rain. On the 7th the command was moved across the Little Salkehatchie, which was much swollen by the rain of the preceding night, making the crossing of the troops and trains very difficult and slow. The head of the column reached the South Carolina Railroad one mile and a half east of Graham's Station about noon. On the three succeeding days a large portion of the command was engaged in destroying the South Carolina Railroad as far as Station. Numbers 107, four miles west of Williston, a distance of about twenty-four miles. A large quantity of cotton was burned, 370 bales at Graham's Station alone. On the 9th General Geary, with Second Division and other troops and trains left at Sister's Ferry, rejoined the corps at Blackville; Major-General Slocum, commanding Left Wing, came up with this command. February 11, Ward was ordered to move from Williston, rebuild Guignard's Bridge over the South Edisto, and rejoin the main column on the north side. Geary and Jackson crossed at Duncan's Bridge and encamped on north side. On the following day, over a good road, the head of column reached the North Edisto at Jeffcoat's at 2 p.m. The enemy had destroyed the bridge and taken post on the north side with two pieces of artillery. Geary having the advance was ordered to push a strong skir-

