
mish line across, which was accomplished after a loss of 3 killed and 10 wounded. The Michigan Engineers and Mechanics rebuilt the bridge during the night.

February 13, 14, and 15, the general course of the March was north toward Lexington, encamping on 13th, at Jeffcoat's on the Orange-burg Cross-Roads, on 14th at the crossing of road from Jones Bridge to Congaree Creek, and on 15th at crossing of Two Notch road, a mile and a half from Lexington. Barnum's brigade, of Geary's division, occupied the down. Slight skirmishing with the enemy took place each day. At Congaree Creek a considerable show of opposition was made to gain time to destroy the bridge, which was saved almost entire. On morning of the 16th [hearing] heavy firing in direction of the mouth of Congaree Creek I marched two division (Ward's and Jackson's), unencumbered, toward Columbia. When within three miles of the River I received information that the Fifteenth Corps occupied the South bank, opposite Columbia. Encamped the corps by order of Major-General Slocum. On the 17th I moved the corps to the rear of Fourteenth Corps, which was crossing the Saluda at Zion Church. After the passage of the Fourteenth Corps and Kilpatrick's cavalry I crossed my trains during the night, and on the following day moved up behind the Fourteenth Corps and encamped about one miles and a half South of Rockville. On the 19th I moved up to Freshly's Ferry, on Broad River, near the mouth of Wateree Creek, and went into camp to await the crossing of Fourteenth Corps and Kilpatrick's cavalry. On the 20th I crossed Broad River, and taking to the right forded Little River and encamped at Morris' Creek, on the Winnsborough road.

On the following morning I pushed forward to Winnsborough, which was occupied without opposition. Before reaching the place serval buildings were seen to be on fire. Geary, who had the advance, was ordered to hurry forward a brigade and, if possible, save the town, which, after much effort, was successfully accomplished. Two of Geary's brigades were put to work destroying the railroad track of the Charlotte and South Carolina Railroad toward White Oak; Ward's and Jackson's division marched through town and encamped on Beaver Dam Creek. On 22nd I moved rapidly with an unencumbered division (Ward's) toward Rocky Mount Ferry, on the Wateree, in the hope of cutting the column of Butler's rebel cavalry, reported as marching across our line. The advance reached Rocky Mount Ferry at 3 p.m. . without encountering the enemy. Detachments were sent across the River and occupied the east bank without opposition. The trains, including nearly 250 cavalry wagons, which have been in my charge during the entire March, were delayed during the whole night by heavy hills and bad roads. The pontoon wagons were got up by 4. 30 p.m. February 23, the bridge being laid and the steep, rocky road on each end repaired as far as practicable. I began crossing the trains at 7 a.m. The rain in the afternoon made this hillsides almost impassable after dark. I encamped thive from the River toward Hanging Rock Post-Office. On the 24th I marched in heavy rain about three miles, and heaving struck a cross-road occupied by Seventeenth Corps I received orders to encamp for the day. On the 25th detachments were sent out to repair and corduroy the roads ahead. On the 26th corps was marched to Hanging Rock Post-Office, where we halted during the 27th, sending the trains across hanging Rock Creek. February 28, the March to-day for the first five miles was over a very heavy, spongy road, making a corduroy necessary for every rod. The bridge over Little Lynch's Creek was uninjured. Ward's division

