
encamped at this point; Geary and Jackson at Clyburn's Store, two miles and a half farther on. The Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Salomon, was sent forward to the Big Lynch and secured the bridge (Miller's) at Ferily's Ford.

March 1, the corps crossed Lynch's Creek at Miller's Bridge; Ward's and Geary's division encamped early in the afternoon at Brewer's Cross-Roads; Jackson three miles ahead at Johnson's, on Chesterfield road. March 2, I moved Jackson's division, unencumbered, at 6 o'clock for the purpose of securing two bridges over Thompson's Creek, near Chesterfield; Geary and Ward followed with trains. After crossing Big Black, Little Black, and Smith's Mill Creek, Jackson had reached within two miles of Chesterfield, when his advance was arrested by the sharp fire of a strong line of rebel skirmishers. Two regiments of Selfridge's brigade, with two in support, were deployed promptly, and the whole rebel force chased on the double-quick through Chesterfield. Hawley was sent to the left and secured the upper bridge, but slightly damaged. Selfridge followed down to the lower bridge and was opened upon by the rebel artillery and sharpshooters from the north bank of the creek. Major Reynolds, chief of artillery, put two sections in position and soon silenced the rebel artillery. Selfridge's sharpshooters effectually covered the bridge, ant the attempt to fire it failed. One bent was destroyed on the north end, which was easily replaced the next morning. Prisoners reported a brigade of infantry and several regiments the upper bridge to get in rear of such rebel forces as were disputing the passage below. The enemy left, however, without awaiting the movement. Jackson's division was ordered to cross and move toward Cheraw. He was but a few miles on the March before the order was countermanded from information that the place was occupied by our troops. He was recalled, and encamped at Powell's, toward Sneedsborough. On the following morning the whole corps marched to the vicinity of Sneedsborough over very bad roads, saturated into quick-sands by the heavy rains of several preceding days. Little and Big Westfield and other bad creeks were crossed on the March. The Fourteenth Corps moved to our right with pontoons and began construction of bridge. On the 5th the camp was not moved. On the 6th, having received permission to cross at Cheraw, I moved at 8 a.m., and reached Cheraw at 1 p.m. ; halted for the passage of Corse's division, Fifteenth Corps, until 4 p.m., and continued crossing the corps and trains during the night. The leading division encamped four miles out. On the 7th corps moved forward fifteen miles, crossing Mark's Creek, and encamping at Mark's Station, on Wilmington, Charleston and Rutherford Railroad. On of Greay's brigades destroyed about two miles of the track. I found the railroads finished only about two miles above our camp.

March 8, after marching about five miles I struck the leading division of the Fourteenth Corps and was obliged to make a new road for two miles and bridge and corduroy Gum Creek and Swamp. It reined heavily in the afternoon, making the roads of a most spongy character. I encamped Jackson's division six miles from McFarland's Bridge, sending forward Robinson's brigade to secure the crossing at Lumber Creek. During the night, receiving a report from Robinson that the bridge had been destroyed several previously, I ordered Jackson to March his whole division at daylight to repair roads and bridges. In the morning I found that Mill Creek had swollen into a large stream, and Lumber Creek, with its overflow, into a formidable River, requiring

