
a substantial bridge over 150 feet in length. By 3 p.m. the bridges and long corduroys were finished and Jackson's division, with its train, crossed. At 5 p.m. the rain began to fall in torrents, submerging everything, floating away the corduroy, and turning the roads into creeks and quagmires. The fields were so saturated that trains could not be parked.

March 10, Buffalo Creek, ordinarily was so swollen by the heavy rain of last night that the head of the column was detained for hours to construct a crossing. After great labor by the whole command in corduroying the entire way (ten miles), the head of column reached Rockfish Creek at 3. 30 p.m., and found a stream with its overflow requiring a bridge 330 feet in length. The pontoon train was brought up and by the use of its material and the lumber of an unoccupied building the bridge was completed during the night. March 11, I moved Ward's division at daylight to corduroy and repair the road. At 10 a. n. I received an order from Major-General Slocum, commanding Left Wing, to bring forward two divisions and pontoon train. I detached Ward and Jackson, leaving the train with Geary; crossing Nicholson and Puppy Creek, I struck across to the Albemarle plank road, a mile or so west of Little Rockfish Creek, and encamped the two divisions within two miles of Fayetteville about 6 p.m. Geary brought up the trains before midnight. On the 12th the corps remained in camp. March 13, marched the corps in review order through Fayetteville, and, crossing Cape Fear River on a pontoon bridge, encamped four miles out toward Kyle's Landing. March 14, the corps remained in camp. Cogswell's brigade, Ward's division, was sent to reconnoiter toward Averasborough and Black Creek. It had a sharp skirmish on both lines, losing 1 man killed and 2 wounded. March 15, I resumed March toward Averasborough with Ward's and Jackson's divisions, having, pursuant to orders, detached all trains (except a portion of ordnance wagons) toward Cox's Bridge with Geary's division. I encamped in the afternoon, amidst a pouring rain, between Silver Run and Taylor's Hole Creek. Kilpatrick's cavalry passed to the front and reported a strong infantry skirmish line. Hawley's brigade was sent toward after dark to support the cavalry. March 16, I moved Ward's division at 6 a.m. to repair roads, which were literally impassable without corduroying. At 7. 30 a.m. I received a message from General Kilpatrick that he found the enemy in his front in force and intrenched. I immediately ordered Ward to March his division, unencumbered, and Jackson to send forward a brigade, leaving the wagons with one brigade, Hawley's brigade being already at the front. The head of Ward's division, after a March of about five miles, arrived at the rear of Hawley's position about 9. 30 a.m. He was ordered to relieve Hawley's brigade which had been on duty during the night and engaged in skirmishing pretty severally during the morning. The whole of Ward's division formed line of battle across and to the Jackson's brigades prolonged the line to the right as fast as his brigades arrived on the ground, relieving the cavalry, which massed on the extreme right. Selfridge's brigade, which was ordered up from the train, was severally attacked while moving into position by a large force of the enemy attempting to turn our right. He handsomely repulsed the attack and the cavalry made a gallant dash, wich was rendered in a measure fruitless by the swampy and miry nature of the ground.

As soon as Ward's and portion of Jackson's division were in position the former was ordered to feel toward the left and find the right

