
flank of the enemy. In the meantime three batteries of artillery were places by Major Reynolds, chief of artillery, in an excellent position on a slight elevation within 500 yards of the enemy's breast-works. The practice of these batteries was very superior; one limber was blown up, several artillery horses killed, and the crest of the rifle-pint embankment pierced in several places, killing and wounding several of the enemy. While this execution was being done by the artillery, Colonel Case, commanding First Brigade, Ward's division, having found the enemy's right flank, charged down the line on a double-quick, driving the rebels out at a run. Two pieces of artillery, one 12-pounder gun and one 12-pounder howitzer, with limbers and harness complete, one caisson, and three good artillery horses were captured. Major Reynolds turned one of the captured guns upon the flying enemy and expended upon the all the ammunition found in the chests of both. As soon as Case's brigade appeared on the rebel flank I ordered the whole line to advance. The enemy attempted to make a stand in a second line, but without success. He was pursued as rapidly as the miry nature of the ground would permit for about a mile, where he was found more strongly intrenched behind swampy and partly overflowed ground, with his flanks apparently resting upon and protected by the swamps of Black River and a small marshy creek tributary to the Cape Fear River. His position covered the Bentonville road. The rebel skirmishers were rapidly driven into their works and our line pushed up to within a few hundred yards. I was ordered to await the arrival of the Fourteenth Corps before assaulting these works, which evidently covered a larger force than the two division of the corps. The heavy condition of the roads delayed the arrival of the Fourteenth Corps so that it was not got into position on my left until late in the afternoon, at which time the rain was again falling heavily. Further attack was therefore deferred until morning, when it was discovered that the rebels were gone. Ward's division was sent in pursuit as far as Averasborough, where it was ordered to half for the night. The enemy left in his retreat one caisson, several ambulances with wounded, and at Averasborough over thirty wounded men, who were paroled. They also destroyed several wagons.

In this engagement the corps took 175 prisoners, 60 of whom were wounded, and by order paroled and left in hospital. There were buried on the field by the provost-marshals of the corps 128, making a total loss to the enemy of men that fell into our hands of 303; this includes 7 officers buried on the field. All of their wounded except those wholly disabled got away, as did all the wounded behind their third line of intrenchments. By some misunderstanding the ground where the assault was made on Selfridge's brigade was not examined. It is known that the rebels left many dead there, and that they buried many behind their last intrenchments. I estimate the loss inflicted on the rebels by this corps at 800 men al least. The loss in killed and wounded in the corps was 438; there were none missing. * Several valuable officers were killed and several severely wounded. Their names will appear in the lists forwarded herewith.

On the afternoon of the 17th corps was moved up to Back Creek, following Fourteenth Corps, and encamped on west side. On the 18th I followed Fourteenth Corps toward Bentonville; the crossing of Black River was exceedingly difficult, the constantly giving out. The roads beyond were so cup up that almost every foot required corduroying. The two divisions of the corps with incredible labor twelve miles and encamped on Lee's plantation. March 19, I moved in the morn-

*But see revised table, p. 65.

