
and cutting off parts of two regiments, which fell into the hands of Fourteenth Corps. Cogswell was hotly engaged until 8. 30 p.m., at which time the enemy withdrew, leaving many of his dead and wounded on the field.

The casualties of the in this engagement were 14 killed, 168 wounded, and 52 missing, most of whom on the skirmish line fell into the hands of the enemy at the time the left brigade, Fourteenth Corps, and Robinson's three regiments were driven back. Only thirty-three rebel dead (including one major) are reported as buried by this corps. A change of position during the night and following morning placed a portion of the ground covered by this corps in possession of troops of the Fourteenth Corps. Fifty-two prisoners are reported turned over to the provost-marshal of the corps.

During the night Geary was ordered to bring up two brigades of his division, leaving one with the corps trains, which were about seven miles distant on our right. He arrived with Barnum's and Pardee's brigades at daylight the following morning. Selfridge's brigade relieved Robinson's in the front line. Ward's division was posted so as to make connection with Jackson's left. The First Michigan Engineers and Mechanics were placed on Ward's left and the whole line well intrenched.

On the morning of the 20th two brigades of Ward's division were sent to the left and front toward Mill Creek bridge. A strong line of rebel works was found extending to the creek. These brigades intrenched and remained in an advanced position covered by the cavalry on the left. I rained hard during the day. March 22, it was discovered at daylight that enemy had retreated.

I was ordered to move the corps toward Troublefield's Store and take the road toward Cox's Bridge over the Neuse River. I encamped at night at the cross roads near Falling Creek. I crossed the bridge the following day in rear of Fourteenth Corps, and, passing through Terry's corps, lying on both sides the River, I encamped at Beaver Creek. At midnight I moved the trains toward Goldsborough and followed with the troops at daybreak. Passing through the town in order of review I took up position on the north side two miles distant, across the Weldon railroad, between Fourteenth and Seventeenth Corps. The corps remains in the same position at date of this report. Counting the day on which the First Division crossed the Savannah River and moved toward Purysburg the campaign lasted sixty-seven days, in twenty- one days of which it rained. The main trains moved by the odometer measurement 456. 10 miles. The headquarters marched, by memoranda kept by the staff, 465 miles.

It is estimated by the chief quartermaster that at least three-fifths of the distance traveled by the trains, 275 miles, was corduroyed. The average distance marched for each marching day was ten miles and a third. During the campaign we have captured 19 rebel officers and 333 enlisted men, and received as deserters from the enemy 98, and Federal prisoners of war, who had entered the rebel service, 19; 585 negroes have been forwarded to the coast, which embraces but a small portion (estimated at 2,000) of those who followed the corps. The corps has destroyed thirty-two miles of railroad track, burned by authority 21,950 bales of cotton, not including large quantities destroyed by foragers and others on the flanks at a long distance from our line of March. I estimate that at least 500 cotton gins and presses were burned, and over 20,000 barrels of resin, with at least 50 resin and turpentine factories, and many saw and flouring mills, which had been used for the rebel service.

