
I desire to bear cordial testimony to the faithful and patient exertions and services of both officers and men of the corps on this long and valorous campaign. The condition of the roads after days of heavy rain, and the peculiar character of the country on our line of March, made night work a matter of constant recurrence, and yet all was borne with cheerfulness and contentment. We reached our base at this point with a less number of sick than we have ordinarily in fixed camps.

The officers of the corps staff deserve especially a recognition of their constant endeavors to assist me. I particularly desire to commend to the favorable notice of the major-general commanding the Left Wing the valuable services of Lieutenant Colonel H. W. Perkins, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel C. W. Asmussen, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant-Colonel Bulloch, chief commissary; Major Reynolds, First New York Artillery, chief of artillery; Surgeon Goodman, medical director; Major W. Parks, Third Wisconsin Volunteers, provost-marshal; Captain H. M. Whittlesey, acting chief quartermasters; Captain R. M. McDowell, chief topographical engineer; Lieutenant Charles Moyer, assistant to the adjutant-general, and my personal staff, Captains Mason and Weigel and Lieutenant George Robinson. In doing so I do not desire to be understood that others of the staff have not faithfully done their whole duty, but the officers named have, from the nature-of service, fallen especially under my observation.

I forward herewith reports of subordinate commanders as far as received at these headquarters.

I have the honor to be, major, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Major R. P. Dechert, A. A. A. G., Left Wing, Army of Georgia.

[Indorsement.]

GOLDSBOROUGH, N. C., April 8, 1865.

This report of General Williams is very accurate and interesting. I cordially indorse his recommendations.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,March 20, 1865.

Captain R. P. DECHERT, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of prisoners captured, wounded, paroled, and dead of the enemy buried after action of 16th instant:

 Commissioned	 Enlisted men.

 officers.

Captured	 2	 127

Paroled at	 3	 38

Smithfield

(wounded)

Paroled at	 . . 	 27

Averasborough

(wounded)

Buried on the	 4	 79

battle-field

Buried in hospital	 1	 17

Total	 10	 288

Aggregate, 298.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

