
nah. Weather fair and good. Road good, but will wear out. Character of country, low and swampy, covered with pine, gum, and cedar. Distance from Savannah, twenty-four miles. Supplies, none.

January 26. -Second Brigade, First Division, moved to Kirk's, repairing the road, moving on the 27th to Bradham's followed by the First Brigade, First Division, the Third Brigade of the division following on the 28th, the First Division arriving on the 29th at Robertsville, while the Third Division left their camps on the 29th, arriving at Robertsville on the 30th; the First Brigade, First Division, moving to the upper Sister's Ferry o the 30th, while the Third Brigade, Third Division, encamped halfway to the ferry. Weather cold and good. Road good; bad from Robertsville to Sister's Ferry. Character of country, same. Distance to Robertsville, twenty-two miles. Supplies scarce.

February 2. -Third Division and Second and Third Brigades, First Division, left Robertsville, leaving First Brigade, First Division, at the ferry. Had skirmish at Lawtonville. Weather good. Road good; character of country same; near Lawtonville it is more clay; mixture of oak and pine. Distance, thirteenth miles. Supplies more plenty.

February 3. -First and Third Divisions moved to Duck Branch Post-Office (cross-roads). Weather rainy. Road fair. Character of country, more swampy; some good plantations. Distance, ten miles. Supplies more plenty.

February 4. -Third Division, followed by First Division, to Allen-dale Post-Office. Weather fair; rained in the night. Road bad; good after passing Smyrna. Character of country same. Distance, eight miles. Supplies plenty.

February 5. -First Division, followed by Third Division, moved to Buford's Brigade by way of Arnold's Church and Harris' Cross-Roads. Weather good. Road fair. Character of country, sandy; a few swamps; pine and oak woods. Distance, eleven miles. Supplies plenty.

February 6. -Third Division, followed by First Division, to Springtown Meeting House by way of Ayers' and Nimmon's Cross-Roads. Weather, rainy in the forenoon, cloudy and chilly in the afternoon. Roads good except crossing at Buford's Bridge. Character of country, sandy; pine. Distance, fourteenth miles. Supplies plenty.

February 7. -First Division, followed by Third Division, moved to near Graham's; reached railroad at 3 p.m. Weather rainy; cleared off in the afternoon. Road fair. Character of country same. Distance, nine miles. Supplies not so plenty.

February 8. - Troops engaged in destroying road; encamped at night near Graham's. First Brigade, Third Division, about four miles from the village. Weather clear and cold. Road very good. Character of country, level; very well cultivated; timber more heavy. Distance, two miles. Supplies plenty.

February 9 and 10. -On the 9th the troops were engaged in destroying railroad. Second Division, First Brigade, First Division, and Michigan Engineers reported; First and Second Brigades, Second Division, and First Brigade, First Division, moved on the 10th to Edisto River, the Second Brigade, Second Division, and half Michigan Engineers remaining at Blackville; the Third Division and half Michigan Engineers encamped with one brigade at Williston; the other two brigades, two and four miles west of the village; one brigade, First Division, at the Ninety-six Mile Post, the other east of it. Weather good and cold. Road good. Character of country same. Distance to Edisto River, seventeenth miles. Supplies abundant.

