
February 11. -First and Third Brigades, of the Second, and the First Division, and Half Michigan Engineers encamped north, the Second Brigade, Second Division, South, of the South Edisto; Third Division and half Michigan Engineers at Guignard's Bridge. Weather good. Road good, except crossing over Fair's Island. Country, sandy; pine; swampy near River. Supplies sufficient.

February 12. -The Second Division, half Michigan Engineers, and First Division, moved to North Edisto; the Third Division and half Michigan Engineers arrived within four miles of the corps. Weather fine. Road excellent. Country, barren; thinly settled; gum trees. Distance, fourteen miles. Supplies sufficient.

February 13. -The corps moved in the following order: Third Division, Michigan Engineers, First Division, and Second Division; encamped at Jeffcoat's Cross-Roads. Weather good. Road good; bad crossing over the North Edisto. Country same. Distance, five miles. Supplies more plenty.

February 14. -The corps moved as follow: First Division, Michigan Engineers, Second Division, and Third Division; encamped near the Sand Hills. Weather rainy. Road good. Country barren; pine. Distance, seven miles. Supplies scarce.

February 15. -The crops moved as follows: Second Division, Michigan Engineers, Third Division, and First Division; encamped on the Columbia and Lexington Cross-Roads, except Third Brigade, Second Division, which occupied Lexington. Weather moderate. Road good, except crossing over Congaree Creek. Country, sandy; pine. Distance, eleven miles. Supplies more plenty.

February 16. -The corps moved toward Columbia, the Third Division leading, followed by Michigan Engineers, First Division, and Second Division. Weather good. Road good. Country, sandy. Distance, eight miles. Supplies plenty.

February 17. -Corps moved, First Division, Second Division, and Third Division; encamped at Zion Church. Michigan Engineers ordered to report at Columbia. Weather good, but windy. Road good. Country more rolling; pine and oak. Distance, five miles. Supplies plenty.

February 18. -Corps moved, Second Division, Third Division, and First Division, to near Oakville Post-Office. Weather fine. Road tolerable. Country, sandy, mixed with clay, rolling. Distance, nine miles. Supplies plenty.

February 19. -Corps moved, Third Division, First Division, and Second Division, to Freshly's Ferry. Weather good. Road good, but worn out by Fourteenth Corps. Country same; swampy near Broad River. Distance, seven miles. Supplies exhausted by Fourteenth Corps.

February 20. -Corps moved, First Division, Second Division, and Third Division, to Morris' Creek. Weather good. Road very bad until after crossing Little River. Country, swampy, oak and pine. Distance, nine miles. Supplies exhausted by Fourteenth Corps.

February 21. -Corps moved, Second Division, Third Division, and First Division, through Winnsborough, Second Division remaining in the town and joining corps on the 23rd. Weather good. Road good. Country, sandy; oak openings. Distance, twelve miles. Supplies good and plenty.

February 22. -The Third and First Division moved to Rocky Mount Ferry on Catawba River; pontoons laid. The Third Division crossed

38 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

