
during the night. Weather good. Road hilly and rocky. Country, broken but open, clay. Distance, eighteen miles. Supplies good and plenty.

February 23. -Corps after passing the Catawba during the night moved, Third Division and First Division, to Colonel Ballard's plantation, the Second Division encamping on the east side of River. Weather, cloudy; commenced to rain at 4 p.m. Road very bad from the River to the Lancaster road. Country very broken; pine wood opening; a brown sandy soil. Distance, five miles. Supplies sufficient.

February 24. -Order of March: First Division, Third Division, and Second Division. Weather, rain. Road good and sandy. Country, broken and rolling; oak woods. Distance, three miles. Supplies more plenty.

February 25. -Third Brigade, Third Division, corduroyed road to Russell [Place] Post-Office. No other changes.

February 26. -The corps moved to Hanging Rock in the following order: Third Division, Second Division, and First Division. Weather cloudy; clear at 10 a.m. Road had to be corduroyed nearly the whole way on account of late rains; would be good in dry weather. Country, rolling; granite, intermixed with red clay; oak woods. Distance, eight miles. Supplies abundant.

February 27. -The First and Second Division crossed Hanging Rock Creek, the Third remaining in position.

February 28. -Order of March: Second Division, First Division, and Third Division; the corps moved to Clyburn's Old Store. Weather, rain. Road good, but badly cup up by trains. County, light sandy soil; pine and oak intermixed. Distance, ten miles. Supplies plenty.

March 1. -Order of March: First Division, Third Division, and Second Division. Weather, rain. Road splendid. Country, surface undulating; light sandy soil; pine and oak. Distance, fourteen miles. Supplies plenty.

March 2 and 3. -The First Division moved unencumbered to Chesterfield; drove the enemy across Thompson's Creek and got possession of two bridges. The Third and Second Division, in charge of trains, encamped, respectively, on Little and Big Black Creeks. On the 3rd of March the Third and Second Division moved up to Chesterfield, the First Division crossing Thompson's Creek, the Third Division encamping South, the Second Division east, of Chesterfield. Weather rainy; cleared off at 11 a.m. on the 3rd. Road good, but had to be corduroyed on account of late rains; Thompson's Creek about 125 feet wide. Country, clay. Distance, twenty miles. Supplies abundant.

March 4. -Order of March: Third Division, Second Division, and First Division. Weather, cloudy. Road good, swampy near creek. Country, gravel and clay; pine. Distance, eight miles. Supplies plenty.

March 5. -Remained in camp.

March 6. -Corps moved as follows: Second Division, First Division, and Third Division. Weather, clear and good. Road good; swampy after crossing Pedee for two miles; crossed on pontoons of the Right Wing. Country, sandy; pine, oak, and gum trees. Distance, thirteen miles. Supplies exhausted by the Army.

March 7. -Order of March: First Division, Third Division, and Second Division. Weather, excellent. Road splendid. Country, sandy, very poor; scarce of water; pine. Distance, fourteen miles. Supplies scarce.

March 8. -Order of March: First, Third, and Second Divisions. Weather, rainy. Road good, but worn out. Country, sandy, poor; pine. Distance, thirteen miles. Supplies more plenty.

