
March 9. -The First Division bridged Lumber River and crossed the same; pontoon train reported. Weather, rainy. Road swampy, very bad. Country, sandy; very poor; pine. Distance, eight miles. Supplies scanty.

March 10. -Order of March: First Division, Third Division, and Second Division. Pontoon train bridged Rockfish Creek; Second Division encamped at McFarland's Bridge. Weather good. Road swampy, wearing out very quick. Country same. Distance, nine miles. Supplies scarce.

March 11. -Order of March: Third Division, First Division, and Second Division. Second Division encamped on the plank road near Little Rockfish Creek. Weather good. Road good; plank road worn out. Country, sandy, mixed with gravel; pine woods. Distance, eighteen miles. Supplies more plenty.

March 12. -The Second Division arrived; First and Third Divisions remained in camp. Weather, good and warm.

March 13. -Corps crossed on pontoons over Cape Fear River. Order of March: Third Division, Second Division, and First Division. Michigan Engineers reported during the night. Weather, warm and good. Road excellent. Country, swampy; oak and pine. Distance, five miles. Supplies exhausted.

March 14. -Remained in camp. Reconnaissances made, four regiments, under Brevet Brigadier-General Cogswell, toward Black River, ant three regiments, under Lieutenant-Colonel Buckingham, toward Sliver Run.

March 15. -Corps moved as follows: Third Division, half Michigan Engineers, and First Division, unencumbered, to Taylor's Hole Creek; the Second Brigade, First Division, supported cavalry, while the Second Division, half Michigan Engineers, and train moved on an interior road. Weather, cloudy; rain in the afternoon. Road good. Country poor, swampy; pine and oak. Distance, twelve miles. Supplies more plenty.

March 16. -The corps moved as follows: Third Division, half Michigan Engineers, and First Division. Encountered the enemy near Smith's farm, took his first line of works; Second Division and half Michigan Engineers in charge of train. Weather, rainy. Road good, but worn out. Country, sandy; pine. Distance, seven miles. Supplies scarce.

March 17. -The Third Division moved to Averasborough; the First Division to Black Creek; half Michigan Engineers to Mingo Creek; Second Division and half Michigan Engineers in charge of train. Weather, good and warm. Road soft and swampy. Country, sand, mixed with gravel; pine and oak. Distance, two miles. Supplies scarce.

March 18. -Order of March: First Division, Third Division. Half Michigan Engineers reported again; Second Division and half Michigan Engineers with train. Weather, good and warm. Road bad until after we crossed the Mingo. Country, swampy, sandy east of Mingo. Distance, nine miles. Supplies Scarce.

March 19. -Battle of Bentonville. Weather good. Roads better. Country better; sandy; pine. Distance, seven miles. Supplies plenty.

March 20. -First and Third Division and half Michigan Engineers remained in position. First and Third Brigades, Second Division, arrived in the night. Second Brigade, Second Division, and half Michigan Engineers remained with train. Weather, good and warm.

