
March 21. -Remained in position. Second Brigade, Second Division, and half Michigan Engineers and train ordered to near the "Dead Field". Weather, rain.

March 22. -Order of March: First and Third Brigades, Second Division, half Michigan Engineers, Third Division, First Division. Crossed Falling Creek all but the First Division. Second Brigade, Second Division, half Michigan Engineers, and train unchanged. Weather, windy, good. Road good, but worn out. Country sandy, swampy; pine and oak. Distance, seventeen miles. Supplies exhausted.

March 23. -Order of March: Michigan Engineers ordered to report to Fourteenth Corps; Second Division, Third Division, and First Division. Weather windy. Road good. Country sandy. Distance, ten miles. Supplies scarce.

March 24. -The crops arrived at Goldsborough.

Numbers 131. Report of Major Gem. Joseph A. Mower, U. S. Army, commanding Twentieth ARMY Corps, of operations April 3-June 13.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Near Washington, D. C., June 13, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with orders, I assumed command of the Twentieth Army Corps on the 3rd of April, and received orders to move on the 10th the same month. My command moved out, with General Williams' division in advance. We met a small body of the enemy about five miles from Goldsborough, N. C., and skirmished with them during the day, driving them before us for about eight miles, and encamped; moved out next morning (the 11th) and again skirmished lightly with the enemy, and encamped near Smithfield; moved from Smithfield on the 12th and reached Raleigh on the evening on the 13th without again encountering the enemy; remained in Raleigh until the 25th, when we marched to Jones' Cross-Roads, where we remained until the 28th, when we returned to Raleigh. On the 30th began our March for Washington City; arrived at Manchester, opposite Richmond, on the 8th of May; after procuring supplies, the army again moved on toward Washington on the 11th; arrived in the vicinity of Alexandria on the 19th. On the 24th passed in review before the President and the Lieutenant-General of U. S. Army and went into camp at this place.

On the 4th of June the following regiments were transferred by Special Orders, Numbers 84, headquarters Army of Georgia, to the Fourteenth Corps: Third Wisconsin Volunteers, Thirty-First Wisconsin Volunteers, Fifth Ohio Volunteers, Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, Fifty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, Seventy-third Ohio Volunteers, Eighty-second Ohio Volunteers, Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers, Thirty-third Indiana Volunteers; and on the 5th of June the following regiments were transferred by General Orders, Numbers 16, current series, from headquarters Twentieth Corps to Major-General Augur's command: Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers, Seventy-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, Second Massachusetts Veteran Volunteers, One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers, Twenty-eight Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers,

