
marched to Doctor Cheve's plantation, about five miles from the city, where it encamped for the night. The Sixty-First Ohio Volunteers, Captain Garrett commanding, being on special duty at the commissary depot, was left in Savannah, and the Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers, Major Harris commanding, was left on Hutchinson's Island to repair the road and assist the trains. January 18, marched about eight miles and encamped four miles from Hardeeville. January 19, a portion of the division train crossed the River to Hutchinson's Island with the Sixty-First Ohio Volunteers, where its progress was stopped by trains of the Fifteenth Corps. During the day and night the River rose very rapidly, and for safety the train was recrossed to Savannah on the 20th. The division marched seven miles to Purysburg, where it remained in camp until the 26th. The portion of the train returned to Savannah with the Thirteenth New Jersey and Sixty-First Ohio Volunteers marched on the right bank of the River to Sister's Ferry with the trains of the Second Division, the trains and Thirteenth New Jersey rejoining the division at Station Numbers 96, on the South Carolina Railroad, February 9. The Sixty-First Ohio rejoined the division February 10. While the division remained at Purysburg the freshet in the Savannah River rendered movement impossible; supplies of coffee, sugar, and hard bread were received by boat. January 26, the Second Brigade was sent forward on the Sister's Ferry road to Rushing's house, where it remained for the night, and on the 27th the First and Second Brigades were ordered to Kirk's house on the Sister's Ferry road. January 28, the Third Brigade and trains left Purysburg and overtook the First and Second Brigades at the forks of the road near Bradham's house. The direct road to Sister's Ferry was discovered to be impassable on account of the freshet in the Savannah River, and we marched toward Robertsville, leaving Third Brigade at the forks of the road. Small parties of the enemy's cavalry were seen hovering about our right flank during the afternoon. January 29, marched to Robertsville, the skirmishers of the Second Brigade driving the enemy's cavalry from the town. January 30, remained in camp at Robertsville until the 2nd of February and sent the First Brigade, Colonel Selfridge commanding, to Sister's Ferry to build a dock for landing supplies and an approach for laying a pontoon bridge. The brigade rejoined the division near Duncan's Bridge, over the South Fork of the Edisto River, February 11. I would respectfully refer you to the accompanying report of the commanding officer of that brigade for an account of its operations while it was detached from this command.

At 8 a.m. February 2 the division marched from Robertsville, passing through Lawtonville on the 3rd, and crossing Beech Branch, making a detour to the left, we passed around Coosawhatchie and Jackson's Branch Swamp, passed through Smyrna Post-Office on the 4th, and Allendale Post-Officer on the 5th, crossing the Big Salkehatchie River at Buford's Bridge on the 6th, and the Little Salkehatchie on the 7th, reaching the South Carolina Railroad one mile and a half east of Graham's Station. On the 8th the division destroyed five miles of the railroad track. 9th and 10th, marched west on the railroad to "96" Turnout, destroying portions of the track. On the 11th the division crossed the South Fork of the Edisto River at Duncan's Bridge, the First Brigade rejoining the division in the afternoon. On the 13th crossed North Fork of the Edisto at Jeffcoat's Bridge. On the 14th and 15th marched toward Lexington, and on the 16th marched on the Two Notch road toward Columbia, encamping at night about two miles west of the city. On the 17th turned northward, two brigades crossing the

