
Saluda River at Zion Church, the Third Brigade crossing on the 18th, and marching toward Broad River, which crossed on the 19th about five miles below Alston, near the mouth of Wateree Creek, crossing Little River the same day on the road to Winnsborough. On the 21st marched through Winnsborough, and on the 22nd encamped on the right bank of the Catawba, near Rocky Mount, and crossed the River the next day, February 23. Marched toward Russell Place, and at Warrenton's plantation met the Seventeenth Corps on the road we were to take; went into camp and remained until the 26th. Marched through Russell Place on the 26th, and crossed Hanging Rock Creek, near Hanging Rock Post-Office, on the 27th. Crossed Little's Creek and passed by Horton's Tavern on the 28th. In the evening the Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel E. S. Salomon, was sent top Lynch's Creek to secure the bridge at Finley's Ford.

March 1, the division crossed Lynch's Creek at the bridge near Finley's Ford and pushed on to the Chesterfield road, where it arrived at nightfall, between Johnston's and Thompson's plantations, and the Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers was again sent forward to secure the bridge over Big Black Creek. Crossed the Big Black about 10. 30 a.m. of the 2nd. About two miles from Chesterfield we camp upon the enemy's cavalry behind breast-work of rails, and deployed two regiments, the Fifth Connecticut Volunteers and One hundred and forty-First New York Volunteers, as skirmishers, who drove the enemy with great rapidity through tho town, which we occupied about 3. 30 p.m. The enemy retreated across Thompson's Creek, partially destroying the bridges on the Cheraw road and Sneedsborough road, and held an intrenched position on the left of the stream with artillery in position. The position was shelled by our artillery, but no attempt at crossing the infantry was made on account of the near approach of night. On the morning of the 3rd, General Robinson's brigade forded the River on the Sneedsborough road, and moving down the left bank discovered that the enemy had evacuated his position during the night, leaving many small-arms behind. The Second Brigade rebuilt the bridge on the Sneedsborough road, and the First Brigade the bridge on the Cheraw road during the morning, and in the afternoon the division crossed, with orders to proceed to Lundy's Creek ans send one brigade to Cheraw if possible. Intelligence having been received that the town had been occupied by Major-General Howard, the division marched to Purvill's place, on the Sneedsborough road, and then bivouacked for the night. March 4, marched to Sneedsborough, where we remained encamped until the 6th, when we marched to Cheraw and crossed the Pedee River there. On the 7th marched to the Rockingham and Fayetteville Railroad near Mark's Creek, and on the 8th toward McFarland's Bridge over the Lumber River, sending the Third Brigade in advance to secure the bridge if possible. It was found to have been destroyed by the enemy, and was rebuilt by the Third Brigade, and the division was crossed on the 9th. Marched to Rockfish Creek on the 10th, and arrived at camp about one mile and half west of Fayetteville on the 11th, where we remained until the 13th, when we crossed the Cape Fear River and encamped five miles from the city on the Fayetteville and Raleigh plank road, where we remained until the morning of the 15th, when we marched in rear of the Third Division to Silver Run. Pursuant to orders from the brevet major-general commanding the corps, the Second Brigade, Colonel Hawley, was sent to report to General Kilpatrick to support the cavalry.

