
left and forward, with one regiment in reserve, at nearly a right angle to the main line. Colonel Selfridge coming up at this time was also placed in position, extending Colonel Hallway's line, and both brigades were ordered to intrench themselves. By order of the major-general commanding the corps the two reserve regiments of General Robinson's brigade were withdrawn and ordered to report to Colonel Hallway, and were by him placed in reserve in rear of his own left and Colonel Selfridge's right. Just as this disposition had been made the enemy advanced from his works in force and attacked the main line in front and flank. General Buell's brigade broke and fell back in confusion, carrying with it the three regiments of General Robinson's brigade. On reaching the edge of the woods the Third Brigade, of this division, rallied and took position there and held it during the remainder of the day. When the disaster was seen by Colonel Hallway, he sent the Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers to the right of his line to check the pursuit of the enemy if possible. The Eighty-second Regiment was formed on the right of the Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers, and the greatest effort was made to rally the troops coming from the woods in front, but without success. The enemy's line now appeared in the woods, marching to attack General Robinson's brigade where it had rallied. The enemy's flank being exposed to the fire of the fire of the Thirteenth New Jersey and Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers, which opened on them with marked effect, and assisted by the artillery and General Robinson's brigade, drove the enemy back in confusion. In the meanwhile Colonel Selfridge's brigade had been withdrawn from its position on the left and formed in rear of General Robinson about 150 yards. The One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers reported back to General Robinson and was planed on the left of the brigade, refused. The troops now in position threw up breast-work, interrupted by repeated attacks of the enemy, which were as repeatedly repulsed.

The most violent attack was made as the sun was setting, and after a conflict of half an hour the enemy withdrew, leaving a number of his dead and wounded in our possession. Both officers and men did their whole duty, and the rapidity and precision with which the retreating regiments of General Robinson's brigade rallied and took a new position under the enemy's fire is deserving of all praise.

Lieutenant Colonel E., S. Salomon, Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers, and Major F. H. Harris, Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers, and the officers and men of those regiments, deserve especial mention for their gallantry in holding an exposed position, on which, in a great measure, depended the fortunes of the day. The division remained in camp on the 20th, pushing forward a strong skirmish line to develop the enemy's position. He was discovered behind a strong line of breast-works, with abatis in front. On the 21st the division was ordered to take a position nearer the enemy's line, and the First and Third Brigades were moved out and took position very near that occupied by General Robinson on the 19th. The order was countermanded and the division resumed its former position. On the morning of the 22nd it was discovered that the enemy had evacuated his works and retreated toward Raleigh. The division marched toward Goldsborough, where it arrived on the 24th, having crossed the Neuse River at Cox's Bridge the day before, and went into a permanent camp, where it now remains.

To the brigade commanders I tender my warmest thanks for their untiring energy and zeal; they were always present in danger or difficulty, animating the troops by their example. And to all the officers and men the country owes a lasting debt of gratitude for their courage and fortitude, which no difficulty nor danger could overcome.

