
The division is composed as follows:

First Brigade, Colonel James L. Selfridge commanding: Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Major P. Griffith; One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, Colonel James C. Rogers; One hundred and forty-First New York Volunteers, Captain William Merrell; Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel H. W. Daboll.

Second Brigade, Colonel William Hawley commanding: Third Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Stevenson; Second Massachusetts Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel C. F. Morse; One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel A. B. Smith; One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers, Colonel N. M. Crane; Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers, Major F. H. Harris.

Third Brigade, Brigadier General James S. Robinson commanding: Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel D. Thomson; Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel E. S. Salomon; One hundred and first Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel John B. Le Sage; Thirty-First Wisconsin Volunteers, Colonel F. H. West; Sixty-First Ohio Veteran Volunteers, Captain John Garrett; One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel H. Watkins.

My staff is composed of the following-named officers: Major James Francis, Second Massachusetts Veteran Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general; Surg. H. Z. Gill, surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, surgeon-in-chief; Captain E. K. Buttrick, Thirty-First Wisconsin Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain E. A. Wickes, One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, assistant commissary of musters; Captain H. A. Gildersleeve, One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, acting provost-marshal; Captain Samuel A. Bennett, One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers, acting topographical engineer; Captain William J. Augustine, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Acting ordnance officer; Captain E. P. Graves, assistant quartermaster of volunteers, acting chief quartermaster; Captain John C. Livezey, commissary of subsistence of volunteers, commissary of subsistence; First Lieutenant E. B. Benedict, Forty-sixth New York Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Second Lieutenant Walter F. Martin, One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp-all of whom deserve credit for the performance of their respective duties during the campaign, and for their gallantry on 16th and 19th instant.

The effective force on leaving Savannah was 5,204 aggregate, and on its arrival at Goldsborough 4,564, showing a decrease of 640 men, of whom 425 were killed, wounded, or missing in action, and the remainder died of disease, or were sick in hospital at the close of the campaign.

The command has drawn nearly all its subsistence from the country through which it has marched. At the commencement of the campaign my commissary of subsistence had in the train: 10 days' rations of hard bread and sugar; 15 days' rations of coffee and salt; 10 days' rations of soap and candles; 3 days' rations of salt meat. Drew at Purysburg: 9 days' rations of hard bread, coffee, sugar,, and salt; 2 days' rations of salt meat. Drew at Sister's Ferry: 7 days' rations of hard bread and sugar; ll days' rations of coffee and salt, and 1 day's rations of salt meat.

There have been reported as captured, 335 horses and 552 mules.

The amount of subsistence obtained by this command during the March is as follows: 1,723 head of cattle, 530 sheep, 2,000 hogs, 27,850 pounds of flour, 101,000 pounds of meal, 3,315 bushels of potatoes, 190,200 pounds of salt meat.

