
render of Lee's Army. The route crossed Swift Creek west of Springfield, then turning north-westerly recrossed it about five miles from the North Carolina Railroad. The division encamped about a mile north of this second crossing; day sultry and showery; estimated distance, sixteen miles. April 13, the division moved in advance at daylight. At the railroad crossing found our road in possession of Fourteenth Corps. After some delay a road was made to the left and the division moved to its camp near the insane asylum two miles South of Raleigh. The day was very unpleasant; estimated March fifteen miles. April 14 to 24, inclusive, the division remained in camp near Raleigh pending negotiations for the surrender of Johnston's Army. On the 22nd of April, our corps was reviewed in Raleigh by Major-General Sherman. April 25, the division leading, with the rest of the corps marched at 7 a.m. for Jones' Cross-Roads and reached camp over a good but hilly road at 1.30 p.m. Day was pleasant; estimated distance, thirteen miles. April 26 and 27, remained in camp at Jones' Cross-Roads awaiting orders. It was understood negotiations were renewed with Johnston at his request and the camp was filled with all manner of rumors and reports. April 28, the division marched at 7 a.m. and followed the rest of the corps back to our former camps near Raleigh. Marched thirteen miles. It was announced that Johnston's army had surrendered, hostilities had ceased, and that our corps would March northwardly on Sunday. On 29th of April supplies for the March to Richmond were drawn.

RALEIGH TO RICHMOND.

This division moved in advance at 5 a.m. on 30th of April, passing through the town and taking the road toward the rapids of the Neuse, and after some delay in repairing a long and rickety bridge over that River, crossed and encamped about one mile and a half beyond; distance, seventeen miles. From this toward Richmond the daily routes were as follows:

May 1, encamped South of and near crossing of Tar River, known as Dickerson's Bridge; bridge was gone. The trains were sent by pontoon bridge to north side; distance, nineteen miles. May 2, encamped on Flat Creek near Williamsborough after marching over a very indirect route, passing about three miles east of Oxford; marched twenty-one miles. May 3, reached the vicinity of Jerry's or Taylor's Ford on Roanoke River at 12 m., and, after halting for two divisions of Fourteenth Corps and Third Division, Twentieth Corps, commenced crossing my division at 6 p. m,; encamped troops and rains on north side; marched seventeen miles. May 4, marched toward Meherrin River,, crossing it at Saffold's Bridge, and encamping at 6 p.m. one mile and a half north; marched twenty-one miles. May 5, reached the Nottoway River, seventeen miles, at 4. 30 p.m. and encamped on the South bank on the so-called Boydton plank road. May 6, crossed the Big and Little Nottoway and struck the Petersburg and Lynchburg Railroad at Blacks and Whites Station, thence followed the railroad and encamped near Upson's Station after a March of fifteen miles. May 7, encamped at 4. 30 p.m. near Clover Hill Coal Mines, having crossed the Appomattox below Cedar Creek; marched twenty-one miles. May 8, after marching within two or three miles of Chesterfield Court-House, the column took a northeasterly route and encamped on Falling Creek within seven miles of Richmond; distance, twenty miles. May 9, the camp was moved two or three miles nearer the James River for more convenient ground. May 10, the division remained in camp.

