
RICHMOND TO ALEXANDRIA.

May 11, the corps marched at 10 a. m toward Richmond, this division leading. In the village of Manchester the command was received with military honors by General Devens' division, of Twenty-fourth Corps, drawn up in line. Crossed over the pontoon bridge at 12 m. and marched through the city in column, with colors displayed and bands playing. The line of March passed the Libby Prison, Castle Thunder, the State capitol, and through the principal streets. The division encamped in a heavy thunder-storm near Brook Creek on the Hanover pike; marched ten miles.

May 12, the division still leading, marched at 4. 30 a.m. Six miles from camp there was a delay of two hours to rebuild a bridge over the Chickahominy. Taking the road through Ashland Station I crossed the South Anna on Blount's Bridge and encamped a short distance north, marching seventeen miles. May 13, the March to-day began at daybreak, this division leading. Crossing New Found Creek and Little River, I encamped at 1. 30 p.m. a mile South of Anderson's Bridge over the North Anna after a March of fifteen miles. May 14, the division having the advance marched the same hour as yesterday, crossed the North Anna on pontoon bridge, and took a circuitous route toward Spotsylvania Court-House. The Mat, Ta, and Po, and several other smaller creeds were crossed during the day's March; encamped South of Spotsylvania Court-House after a March of sixteen miles. Many officers and men embraced the opportunity to visit the famous battle-fields in this vicinity. May 15, the division moved out at 5 a.m. toward Chancellorsville. The route was a portion of the section known as the Wilderness. At Chancellorsville the division was halted for three hours upon the battle-ground to enable the officers and men of the division to visit the scenes of that memorable contest in which most of the regiments took part. The division encamped for the night at United States Ford; marched fifteen miles. May 16, the division, second in line, crossed the River on pontoon bridge at 6 a.m., and following the Second Division toward Brentsville, via Hartwood Church, encamped on Town Creek, seventeen miles, at 5 p.m. May 17, the division, moving in the rear, left camp at 9 a.m., crossed Town Cree, and after marching twelve miles encamped on Slater's Run, two miles South of Brentsville. On 18th moved up to Brentsville and followed Ward's division, second in line, toward Fairfax Station; crossed Bull Run at Weaver's Ford, below Union Mills, and camped on Pohick Creek, two miles from Fairfax Station; marched twenty miles. May 19, after a March of fourteen miles, the division pitched tents upon the high ground above Holmes' Creek, near Cloud's Mills, within two miles of Alexandria.

And thus was completed the great circuit made by this division within the last twenty months. From the banks of the Rapidan it was transferred, in September, 1863, to the Army of the Cumberland, through the States of Virginia, Maryland, Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky, and Tennessee. Leaving Tennessee in May, 1864, it has marched in succession through Northern Alabama, through Georgia from its north line near Chattanooga to Savannah, including the State capital, through the center of South Carolina, circuitously from the rice-fields opposite Savannah to its northeastern angle near Cheraw, through the center and capital of North Carolina, through Southern Virginia and its conquered capital back to the precise spot it left a little over as year and a half ago. Such a happy return to familiar scenes after marches, labors, exposures, and

events of such extent and magnitude might

