
well occasion and excuse a manifestation of unusual enthusiasm and exultation among all ranks. On 24th of May the division, with the entire army under command of Major-General Sherman, passed in review before the President, the Lieutenant-General commanding the Armies, the Secretary of War, and other Cabinet officers, foreign ministers, and other dignitaries, civil and military, in front of the Presidential Mansion. It was a day, if memorable to the great throng of citizens, not less so to our returning soldiers, for the vastness of the concourse, the cordial and enthusiastic welcome and greetings, and the great gratitude and joy for the restoration of peace and the felicitous reunion of the victorious Armies of the Republic.

I append hereto a schedule, marked A, showing the composition and organization of this division during the period embraced in this report; a nominal list of casualties, marked B, and a list of staff officers attached to these headquarters during same period, marked C.

The distance of marches as estimated by the acting topographical engineer are as follows: From Goldsborough to Raleigh (four days), 594 miles; from Raleigh to Jones' Cross-Roads and back (two days), 24 miles; from Raleigh to Richmond (nine days), 1664 miles; from Richmond to Alexandria (nine days), 141 miles.

I cannot close this report without bearing cordial testimony to the valuable co-operation of and assistance of the brigade commanders, Brigadier General J. S. Robinson, Bvt. Brigadier Gens. William Hawley and James L. Selfridge, as well as to the faithful services of the officers of the staff.

I have the honor to be, Colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SCHEDULE A.

Composition and organization of division.

First Brigade, Bvt. Brigadier General J. L. Selfridge commanding: Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Major Patrick Griffith; Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel H. W. Daboll; One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, Colonel J. C. Rogers; One hundred and forty-First New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel A. J. McNett.

Second Brigade, Bvt. Brigadier General William Hawley commanding:

Third Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Stevenson; Second Massachusetts Veteran Volunteers, Captain E. A. Phalen; One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers, Colonel N. M. Crane; One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, Colonel A. B. Smith; Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers, Captain J. H. Arey.

Third Brigade, Brigadier General J. S. Robinson commanding: Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers, Bvt. Brigadier General S. J. McGroarty; One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers, Colonel Horace Boughton; Thirty-First Wisconsin Volunteers, Colonel F. H. West; One hundred and first Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel John B. Le Sage; Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel E. S. Salomon.

