
SCHEDULE B.

List of casualties.

First Brigade, Private William A. Tooley, Company K, One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, killed, April 10, 1865; Corpl. Silon A. Ormsby, Company B, and Privates David Irwin and William J. Nelson, Company F, One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, wounded, April 10, 1865.

SCHEDULE C.

List of staff officers.

Captain Edward K. Buttrick, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers.

Captain Edward P. Graves, assistant quartermaster of volunteers.

Captain John C. Livezey, commissary of subsistence of volunteers.

Surg. Henry Z. Gill, surgeon, U. S. Volunteers.

Major James Francis, Second Massachusetts Veteran Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general.

First Lieutenant George Robinson, One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, aide-de-camp.

Captain A. T. Mason, One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp.

Captain Eugene F. Weigel, Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp.

Captain Edward A. Wickes, One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, assistant commissary of musters.

Major H. A. Gildersleeve, One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, acting provost-marshal.

Captain Stephen V. R. Cruger, One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, acting ordnance officer.

Captain Frederick S. Wallace, Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers, acting topographical engineer.

Captain A. L. Gavitt, Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers, chief of pioneers.

Numbers 134. Reports of Bvt. Brigadier General James L. Selfridge, Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations January 17-March 24 and April 10-May 19.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Scottsville, N. C., March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this brigade from the commencement of the campaign through the Carolinas up to the ending of the same at Goldsborough, N. C., March 24, 1865:

On the 17th day of January at 1 p.m. my brigade moved from its encampment on the west side of the Savannah River; moved through the city of Savannah, and crossed the River on pontoons to South Carolina; marched six miles in a northerly direction and reached the old camping-ground of the Third Division of this corps at 7 p.m.,

