
where I bivouacked for the night. The Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers, of my brigade, was detached from my command at Savannah on the 17th of January, by order from First Division headquarters, and sent to Screven's Ferry, on Savannah River, to load supplies; roads in bad condition; the greater portion marched was corduroyed. January 18, clear and pleasant; moved at 2 p. m. and marched six miles toward Hardeeville, bivouacking at 6 p.m. Roads better to-day. January 19, rain during the entire day. Marched at 9 a.m. and passed the Third Division, Twentieth Corps, at Hardeeville; reached Purysburg at 4 p.m. and encamped for the night. Roads good. Rain continued for several days, making the rads almost impassable; our trains were unable to move, and everything looked gloomy. On the 22nd instant the Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers returned to my brigade from Screven's Ferry. January 24, it cleared off cold this morning and continued so until the 27th, by which time the roads were well dried up, and in a very passable condition. At 8 a.m. of this date my brigade moved toward Kirk's house, passed this place at 3 p.m., and reached Roberts' house, Numbers 1, where we came up with the Second Brigade of this division and encamped for the night at 4 p.m., having marched twelve miles due north over good roads. January 28, moved my brigade toward Sister's Ferry, pursuant to orders from General Jackson; marched directly west from Bradham; s and struck a creek from which the bridge had been washed away by the freshet; the causeway across which this ran was submerged in water for 100 rods or more, making it necessary for my men to wade through water knee-deep; owing to the depth of the stream Generals Williams and Jackson thought more time would be saved by marching us to Robertsville and from that point to the ferry. Accordingly I was ordered to return and March toward Robertsville; encamped at 5 p.m. near Roberts' house, Numbers 2. January 29, marched at 8 a.m. toward Robertsville, and entered the town at 12 a.m. My brigade was moved to the road leading to Sister's Ferry and encamped about one mile from Robertsville. The causeway leading to Sinister's Ferry was almost entirely submerged in water, and the bridges over two deep and rapid creeks washed away. I endeavored to rebuild them, and succeeded in making two foot bridges, over which I sent one company to the ferry, pursuant to orders from division headquarters, to communicate with General Slocum. January 30, sent the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers and the One hundred and forty-First New York Volunteers, under charge of Major Griffit, of the former regiment, to Sister's Ferry for the purpose of building a dock for the landing of supplies. January 31, marched at 7 a.m., with the One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers and Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers (remainder of my brigade), to Sister's Ferry, reaching that place at 9 a.m. My whole brigade now encamped at this point and busily engaged unloading boats and corduroying roads.

I remained at Sister's Ferry till February 4, when General Hobart, of the Fourteenth Army Corps, relieved me, and I was ordered by Major-General Slocum to move toward Duck Brand and join the First Division, which was moving toward that point. While at Sister's Ferry my officers and men were on duty both night and day, working with a cheerfulness seldom equaled. I heard not a word of complaint, and every man seemed anxious to do his share toward advancing the interest of the service. On the afternoon of February 4 moved back toward Robertsville, and bivouacked within one mile of the town. The road was in bad condition. General Geary marched with his command at the same

