
time that I did, and directed that I should March with and report to him until my command joined the First Division. February 5, assisted in corduroying the causeway leading from Sister's Ferry. Marched through Robertsville at noon and took a northerly course toward Lawtonville. February 6, cloudy and rainy. Marched at 6 a.m. in a northeasterly direction, and after traveling fifteen miles encamped one mile beyond Beech Branch Post-Office. February &amp;, very stormy. Reached Duck branch at 3 p.m., my brigade in rear guarding train. General Geary crossed the branch with his division and portion of train, but owing to the bad crossing my brigade was obliged to remain as guard to about 200 wagons. I found it impossible to cross the wagons here without corduroying the road ahead and building a bridge over a portion of the stream; the road was completely submerged in water, and those who worked were obliged to do so in the water up to their waists. General Geary gave me no assistance from his command but required I should perform the work alone. I placed 300 men to work under charge of Captain Gavitt, Fifth Connecticut Volunteers, and kept them busy till after midnight repairing the road so that our teams could cross early on the following morning. They finished the road after midnight, having worked faithfully for upward of seven hours.

I would here mention that Captain Gavitt, Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers, has, upon several occasions, been detailed to superintend this kind of business, and by his skill, energy, and perseverance, accomplished much toward the advancement of our column. He is entitled to a more responsible position than the one he now occupies, and were he placed at the head of the division or corps of pioneers his services would be of great value to the command. he has my heartfelt thanks for the cheerful manner in which he discharged each and every duty imposed on him.

February 8, moved forward at daylight and crossed the Coosawhatchie Swamp at 12 a.m. General Geary moved forward at 6 a.m. with a portion of his train. The remainder I brought up, and reached the Salkehatchie Swamp about 6 p.m., having marched fifteen miles. Roads in bad condition. February 9, moved at 5 a.m. across the swamp, reaching General Geary's command about 6 a.m., and moved forward with him toward Blackville; marched fifteen miles, and bivouacked one mile from Blackville. February 10, pursuant to orders from corps headquartn a reconnaissance at 7 a.m. to Duncan's (new) Bridge on the Edisto River; marched about seven miles, and reached the River at 10 a.m., found that two bridges had been destroyed by the enemy; met a small force of Wheeler's cavalry at this point, but dislodged them with very little trouble; built arrow foot bridges and crossed two companies under charge of one of my staff officers, with orders to protect any other bridges not destroyed by the enemy; then pushed forward and found six substantial bridges, which had not ben injured; beyond these they advanced about three-quarters of a mile upon a causeway, which terminated in an open field, around which was a line of the enemy's works. As soon as I found that the enemy had evacuated this splendid position I pushed my whole brigade across the River to the open field referred to, and then took position for holding the crossing in case the enemy should endeavor to dispute further our advance. I had some skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry, but no casualties occurred. General Geary's command came across about 4 p.m. when I reported to him and established my line according to his direction. The foraging is very fine, and the men have more than they

39 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

