
can carry. February 11, I sent 600 men to corduroy the causeway from the Edisto River this morning at 7 o'clock; finished the work by noon. The First Division came up this afternoon, and I reported to General Jackson with my brigade. February 12, marched at 9 a.m. toward Jeffcoat's Bridge, reaching it at 4 p.m., having traveled twelve miles al guard to trains of First and Third Division.

February 13, started from camp in rear of corps train at 6 p.m. ; crossed Jeffcoat's Bridge, and after marching five miles bivouacked about 11 p.m. February 14, moved at 7 a.m. toward Lexington; traveled five miles and bivouacked about 1 p. m. February 15, marched in rear of corps train; road in some places very bad; passed Congaree Creek about 10 p.m., bivouacked within two miles of Lexington at 11 p.m., after marching twelve miles; foraging poor. February 16, marched five miles and bivouacked three miles from Congaree River, opposite Columbia; roads very good; foraging poor. February 17, marched at 8 a.m. toward Zion Church; crossed the Saluda River near this point at 5 p.m., and encamped on the north bank at 8 p.m., after marching eight miles; roads god; foraging poor. February 18, marched at 2 p.m. ; traveled eight miles northwest and bivouacked about 8 p. m. ; roads fine; foraging poor February 19, marched five miles to Freshly's Ferry and encamped for the night on the South side of Broad River; roads not good; reduced our transportation in accordance with orders from division headquarters. February 20, crossed Broad River about 11 a.m. ; crossed Little River and marched toward Winnsborough; traveled ten miles and bivouacked at 5 p.m. ; roads good; country rolling and open; foraging very good. February 21, marched at 12 a.m. ; passed through Winnsborough about 7 p.m. ; roads good; country rolling; foraging very good; after marching ten miles encamped two miles north of Winnsborougharched at 10 a.m. toward Rocky Mount; marched twelve miles and reached camp after midnight; roads good; country very rolling and open; foraging excellent. February 23, marched at 9 a.m. ; crossed the Catawba River on pontoons, and assisted the wagons up a very steep bank on the opposite side of the River; traveled eight miles through a very open, rolling country; foraging good. February 24, marched three miles and encamped at 9 a.m. February 25, remained in camp to-day. February 26, marched at 5 p.m. ; brigade in rear of corps; roads not good; marched seven miles and encamped two miles from Hanging Rock at 8 p.m. ; country rolling; roads in fair condition.

Nothing of importance occurred from this date up to March 2. March we moved in a northeasterly direction through a rolling country. Met the enemy about 3 p.m. one mile South of Chesterfield. My brigade was in advance of the Twentieth Corps. I deployed the Fifth Regiment Connecticut Veteran Volunteers (Lieutenant Colonel H. W. Doboll commanding) and the One hundred and forty-First Regiment New York Volunteers (Captain William Merrell commanding) as skirmishers, and supported them with the remainder of my brigade. We drove the enemy, after exchanging many shots, and captured the town of Chesterfield without the loss of a man. I immediately followed the retreating rebels for a mile to Thompson's Creek, over which was a bridge fired by the enemy as they passed. I arrived just in time to save the greater portion of it from being destroyed. The enemy threw a few shells at us, but did not succeed in driving me from my position. At this point I lost two men wounded, from the Fifth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers. Every officer and men behaved gallantly, and

