
division guarding the train, when I was ordered forward to protect the left flank from an expected attack upon the wagon train; moved forward at double-quick, and after traveling about two miles met a staff officer of the First Division,, Twentieth Corps, who conducted me to a position on the extreme left of the Army, the Fourteenth Corps and Second Brigade of Twentieth Corps being on my right, in line of battle. As soon as my position was assigned me, I ordered works to be thrown up immediately, and sent forward five companies of the One hundred and forty-First New York Volunteers as skirmishers. Shortly after my line was established word came to me that the enemy had broken the line of the Fourteenth Corps, and was driving them back. Pursuant to orders from division headquarters I moved my command immediately by the right flank at double-quick to the right and rear, and took up position across the main road,, down which the enemy were advancing. At the same time the Third Brigade, First Division, fell back, and took position in my front, about 300 yards from me, forming another line, and connecting with the Fourteenth Corps. I was not engaged during the afternoon, being in reserve. About 7 p.m. I relieved General Robinson, Third Brigade, First Division, and made preparations for a desperate fight on the 20th. Good breast-works were erected during the night, and a wagon-load of ammunition distributed in boxes along the line. General Joseph E. Johnston was reported by the enemy's prisoners as being in our front with his whole Army, estimated at 40,000 or 50,000 men. March 20, the enemy fell back, k half a mile during the night to anew line of works. I buried sixteen of his dead, in front of my brigade, and brought in five men wounded; they belonged to the First South Carolina Heavy Artillery. No fighting done during the day; strengthened our works. March 21, very little firing by the pickets. Pursuant to orders from division headquarters I moved my brigade forward about 300 yards in advance, for the purpose of establishing a new line, but subsequently ordered back to my old position. No casualties in my command. March 22, advanced my skirmishers about 7 a.m., and found the enemy had evacuated his works. At 9 a.m. we moved in an easterly direction toward Cox's Bridge. Sent our wagons and pack animals in advance of us to Cox's Bridge at daylight this morning; marched fourteen miles and encamped, at 9 p.m., six miles from Cox's Bridge. March 23, marched at 8 a.m. ; crossed Cox's Bridge, over the Neuse River, and encamped seven miles from Goldsborough, N. C., having marched fifteen miles. Roads in very good condition. Met General Terry's command near Cox's Bridge. March 24, sent wagons, pack animals, and foragers to Goldsborough, N. C., this morning, 2 o'clock, pursuant to orders from division headquarters. Marched at 6 a.m., and passed through the town of Goldsborough at 9 a.m., and were reviewed by General Sherman. Marched three miles north of the town, and established a permanent camp about 11 a.m., the campaign being ended.

From the commencement of the campaign up to the ending of the same my command subsisted principally upon the enemy's country. Mounted foraging parties, under charge of a commissioned officer, were sent out daily by regimental commanders, and by these parties the troops were well supplied with provisions of most every description.

f subsistence obtained the following supplies from the country and foraging parties of this brigade, a portion of which were issued to the command: 12,850 pounds flour, 30,508 pounds corn meal, 300,200 pounds salt meat, 15,975 pounds poultry, 700 pounds rice,

