
1,800 bushels sweet potatoes, 515 gallons sorghum molasses, 298 bushels beans, 773 head beef-cattle, 230 head sheep.

My acting assistant quartermaster collected from the country the following amount of corn and fodder: 80,000 pounds corn; 50,000 pounds fodder.

During the campaign 64 horses and 96 mules were captured by my brigade.

One hundred and thirteen negroes (both sexes) followed my column, many of whom were sent away at Fayetteville and a large number still remain employed as officers' servants, &amp;c.

Eleven cotton-gins, 9 presses, and 353 bales of cotton were burned by my command. No railroads were destroyed.

Since the commencement of the campaign I forwarded to division and corps headquarters 46 rebel prisoners, and sent on the hospital from the battle-field 5 wounded rebel prisoners, all of whom were taken by my command. I also captured 154 guns and buried 60 of the enemy's dead, all of whom were killed in front of my brigade on the 16th and 19 of March.

Before closing this report I wish to tender my thanks to the officers and men of my command for the cheerful manner in which they performed the arduous duties imposed upon them; bearing every hardship and deprivation with that willing spirit which is the characteristic of brave and noble men.

To Colonel J. C. Rogers, commanding One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel H. W. Daboll, commanding Fifth Regiment Connecticut Veteran Volunteers; Major P. Griffith, commanding Forty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers; and Captain William Merrell, commanding One hundred and forty-First New York Volunteers, I would especially offer my gratitude for their zealous efforts to promote the interest of the service, and their prompt compliance with ever order issued to them. They are officers of fine judgment, brave in action, and in every respect worthy the confidence and esteem of their superior as well as subordinate officers.

To each member of my staff I am indebted for the cheerful performance of each and every duty devolving upon them. Captain D. W. Palmer, assistant adjutant-general; Captain William C. Rockwell, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain A. W. Selfridge, acting commissary of subsistence; Captain George Tubbs, topographical engineer; Dr. James Chapman, surgeon-in-chief; First Lieutenant R. Cruikshank, promaster, and Second Lieutenant Harvey M. Bosworth, aide-de-camp, and Second Lieutenant Charles N. Barrett, chief of pioneers.

Accompanying this you will please find report of casualties, all of which are most respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

JAS. L. SELFRIDGE,

Colonel Forty-sixth Regiment Penn. Vet. Vols., Commanding First Brigadier

Captain E. K. BUTTRICK,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Twentieth Army Corps.

