
Company B, and Privates David Irwin and William J. Nelson, Company F, One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, wounded. The enemy's loss is said to be much greater.

The officers and men behaved with much coolness and bravery, and well sustained the reputation they have won upon many a hard fought field. Colonel James C. Rogers, commanding One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, deserves much credit for the admirable manner in which he handled his regiment, and for the determination evinced in driving the enemy from his strong position on the opposite bank of the swamp.

The day was unpleasant and stormy. We marched about sixteen miles. April 11, pleasant day; country good and quite thickly inhabited; marched at 11 a.m. ; traveled fourteen miles and encamped at Smithfield, N. C. April 12, received news of the surrender of Lee's army to General Grant; great rejoicing throughout the Army. Marched in northwesterly direction at 7 a.m. ; passed through Smithfield; crossed Swift Creek and encamped one mile from it. April 13, rainy day; marched in northwesterly direction toward Raleigh at 3 a.m. ; roads very good; reached Raleigh about 12 m. after marching fourteen miles, and encamped on the South side of the city. From April 13 up to the 22nd nothing of importance occurred in the command. On the 22nd my brigade, together with the remainder of the corps, was reviewed on Fayetteville street, in the city of Raleigh, by Major-General Sherman. From the 22nd to the 25th nothing of importance occurred. On morning of the 25th, at 7 a.m., this brigade started in advance of the corps toward Jones' Cross-Roads, which place we reached at 2 p.m. after marching twelve miles. Here we remained in camp until April 28, when we returned to Raleigh. Here and upon this date I received my appointment as brevet brigadier-general of volunteers. April 29, received orders from General Sherman to-day stating that General Joseph E. Johnston had surrendered to him all Confederate forces east of the Chattahoochee River. April 30, very pleasant day; commenced our March toward Richmond at 5 a.m. ; marched through Raleigh, N. C., in review order; marched about fifteen miles, crossed the Neuse River, and encamped at 2 p.m.

From the 1st to the 8th of May our March was a very pleasant one over good roads and through a pleasant and tolerably well cultivated country. On our route we crossed the rivers Tar, Roanoke, Meherrin, Great Nottoway, Little Nottoway, and the Appomattox, reaching Falling Creek, Va., about nine miles from Richmond, on the afternoon of May 8. We were favored with beautiful weather and the roads were in good condition. The average number of miles marched was eighteen per day. We remained in our encampment near Falling Creek until May 11, when we commenced our March toward Alexandria, Va. On the morning of the 11th we started at 10 o'clock, and were received by a portion of the Army of the James in the streets of Manchester, who paid honor as we passed them in review order. Marched through Richmond in review order, and encamped at 5 p.m. near the Hanover Court-House road, three miles from Richmond. From the 11th to the 19th instant we were constantly on the March, averaging about fifteen miles per day. We had some oppressively warm weather, but owing to the discreet manner in which the division was marched the troops suffered very little. On our route we crossed the rivers Chickahominy, South Anna, Little, North Anna, and Rappahannock, also passed through Spotsylvania Court-House and over the battle-ground of the same name, also over the battle-field of Chancellorsville. Many of our dead still remain unburied on the former battle-field, which is a burning

