
stigma and disgrace upon the county of Spotsylvania. The commonest feelings of humanity should have prompted some action in the matter, and the citizens who have for the past year looked with indifference upon the whitening bones of our brave soldiers and left them for their swine and dogs to revel over, should forever be deprived of the privileges and blessings of our government, and be branded as desecraters of the dead, unfit to associate with the living. We crossed Bull Run on the afternoon of the 18th instant, and reached Fairfax Station at 6 p.m., where we encamped for the night. On the 19th instant we marched to within two miles of Alexandria, Va., and went into camp at 4 p.m.

We were favored with clear, pleasant weather, although at times very warm. The roads were good and the country well cultivated. The citizens along the route seen well disposed and are much pleased at the prospects of peace. We met many paroled prisoners of Lee's Army, both officers and men.

In closing this report I wish to tender my thanks too each regimental commander, who are as follows, for the prompt support they have given me and the able manner in which they have governed their respective commands: Colonel James C. Rogers, commanding One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel H. W. Daboll, commanding Fifth Connecticut Veteran volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel A. J. McNett, commanding One hundred and forty-First New York Volunteers, and Major P. Griffith, commanding Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

Also to the other officers and the enlisted men of this brigade do I desire to offer my thanks for the great assistance they have rendered their superior and for the faithful, uncomplaining manner in which they have borne each and every duty devolving upon them.

To the respective officers of my staff, who are as follows, I am grateful for their kind attention and zealous efforts to promote the interest of the service: Captain D. W. Palmer, assistant adjutant-general; Captain William C. Rockwell, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant H. M. Bosworth, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant r. Cruikshank, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant A. L. Crawford, acting assistant quartermaster; Dr. James Chapman, surgeon-in-chief, and Captain A. W. Selfridge, acting provost-marshal.

Accompanying this please find reports of my regimental commander, all of which are respectfully submitted.

JASS. L. SELFRIDGE,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Captain E. K. BUTTRICK,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 135. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Henry W. Daboll, Fifth Connecticut Infantry, of operations January 17-March 24 and April 10-May 19.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH Regiment CONNECTICUT VET. VOLS.,,Near Scottsville, N. C., March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following report of the recent campaign:

Leaving Savannah on the 17th day of January, 1865, we crossed the Savannah River at Screven's Ferry, where the regiment was engaged for two days in loading wagons, &amp;c. We then rejoined the brigade at

