
Purysburg, remaining until the 27th, when we marched in the direction of Sister's Ferry, at which place the command was occupied in procuring supplies, &amp;c., until February 4, when the division, being relieved by the Fourteenth Corps, took up the line of March.

No events of general importance took place during the first month of our advance, the regiment subsisting upon the country and performing the duties incident to a protracted campaign.

On the 2nd of March, the First Brigade being in advance, the Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers on the right, having advanced within two miles of Chesterfield Court-House, S. C., we came upon the enemy. This regiment was deployed as skirmishers, and advancing forced the enemy into and through the town, and across Thompson's Creek, one mile and a half beyond, where by maintaining a continuous fire we prevented the success of their repeated attempts to destroy the bridge. On the following morning continued the advance, meeting no enemy. No further opposition was encountered until March 16, when the enemy wee met in force near Silver Run, and this regiment in common with the remainder of the brigade advanced, relieving a portion of General Kilpatrick's cavalry, and were at once engaged repulsing the enemy, who in the eagerness of pursuit exposed themselves, the entire brigade opening fire upon their lines before they became aware of our presence.

And it is here that the commanding officer of this regiment desires to render his tribute to the memory of First Lieutenant James P. Henderson, commanding Company A, killed in the action of the 16th. Early devoting himself to the cause of his country, participating in every battle in which the regiment has been engaged, and at last meeting a soldier's fate, his loss is deeply regretted by the entire command.

Upon the evening of the 16th the regiment was deployed as skirmishers, continuing upon the line until after dark, when we were relieved, after losing several nem killed and wounded. On the following morning, the enemy having abandoned his position, we continued the March. On the 19th of March, the Fourteenth Corps having engaged the enemy, this regiment as a part of the First Division was advanced to its support, went into position, constructed works, and remained until the morning of the 22nd, when we moved in the direction of Goldsborough, near which place we now await orders.

This command destroyed no railroads, no cotton, nor cotton-gins. About thirty animals were captured during the campaign.

The following is as nearly as con be ascertained the amount of forage taken: 10,000 pounds bacon and pork; 8,000 pounds corn meal; 1,000 pounds flour; 2,000 bushels potatoes; 10 barrels sorghum.

Appended is a list of casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY W. DABOLL,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers.

Captain D. W. PALMER,

Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., Twentieth Army Corps.

List of casualties in the Fifth Regiment Connecticut Veteran Volunteers during the campaign commencing January 17, 1865, and ending March 24, 1865. *

Recapitulation: Killed, commissioned officers, 1; enlisted men, 3. Wounded, commissioned officers, 1; enlisted men, 10. Missing, enlisted men, 11. Aggregate, 26.

HENRY W. DABOLL,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

