HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CONNECTICUT VETERAN VOLS.,May 27, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment from April 10, 1865:

Leaving Goldsborough, N. C., April 10, we, in common with the other regiments of the brigade, moved in the direction of Raleigh. Came upon the enemy in small force near Moccasin Creek, where this command supported skirmishers but were not engaged. On the following day we entered Smithfield, where we received information of the surrender of R. E. Lee. The advance was continued with little opposition until April 13, when we reached Raleigh, encamping in the outskirts of the city. We remained as above until the 25th, when we moved in the direction of Jones' Cross-Roads, where we encamped for two days, at the expiration of which we returned to the old camps near Raleigh. On the 30th marched in the direction of Richmond, Va., where we arrived May 9, marching 172 miles.

Remaining near Richmond until the 11th, marched at 9 a.m., passing through Manchester and Richmond, being received at the former place by the Third Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps. On the 12th continued the March in the direction of Alexandria, where we arrived May 19, having during the March passed over the battle-fields of Spotsylvania and Chancellorsville.

The entire trip was almost devoid of other interest than that usually attending marches through a peaceful country.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY W. DABOLL,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers.

Captain D. W. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 136. Reports of Colonel James C. Rogers, One hundred and twenty-third New York Infantry, of operations January 17-March 24 and April 10-May 24.
HDQRS. 123rd REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Scottsville, near Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following detailed report of the operations of this regiment during the recent campaign:

On the occupation of Savannah, Ga., by the Twentieth Corps, December 21, 1865 [1864], the One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, with the rest of its brigade and division, encamped one mile outside the city on low and marshy ground lying along the River. Here a camp was laid out and quarters built, but after remaining ten days continued rains rendered the location untenable, and the regiment was removed to higher ground. Here a new and symmetrical camp was arranged, with wide streets and neat and commodious board quarters, furnished with windows, doors, floors, bunks, and brick fireplaces, all built by the men themselves from the debris of adjacent old buildings.

The regiment remained in this camp until the 17th of January, and, in addition to personal labor and usual camp and picket duties, furnished daily fatigue parties to the city to build fortifications, and also furnished occasional forces to accompany wagons on foraging expeditions.

