
On the morning of the 17th of January the regiment was put in line of March for a forward movement and at 1 p.m., having the advance of the brigade, it marched out of camp, and, passing through the city of Savannah, crossed the pontoon bridge into South Carolina, and moving about seven miles beyond encamped for the night. On the 18th marched about seven miles, and on the 19th eight miles, and passing through Hardeeville encamped on the bank of the River at Purysburg. Here we remained a week, drawing supplies and awaiting the arrival of other troops delayed by the inclement weather and the consequent impassable condition of the roads. The rain fell incessantly for several days and nights, and the low ground near the River becoming submerged we moved back on the 23rd instant to higher ground and laid out a regular camp, with log quarters and chimneys. On the 27th the regiment broke camp at an early hour and, having advance of brigade, marched twelve miles, encamping where the road we were on was crossed by the road from Sister's Ferry to Grahamville. The next regiment toward the fe the condition of the road. He soon returned, reporting it impassable without great expense of time and labor, the bridge across Cypress Creek being swept away and the swamp flooded by the recent storm. Nevertheless the division moved down to the swamp and large details were sent out to rebuild the bridges, but after several hours' labor the attempt was abandoned, and the regiment, with the rest of the division, returned to the main road and, proceeding about three miles, encamped within eight miles of Robertsville. January 29, we left camp at 7. 30 a.m. and, marching advance came upon several hundred of the enemy's cavalry, but a few shots quickly dispersed them. I was then ordered, with the Fifth Connecticut and this regiment, to take the road to Sister's Ferry and, if possible, reach the River, eight miles distant. On entering Great Black Swamp, at this point more than two miles in width, the causeway that bisects it was found entirely submerged. We, however, waded through for nearly a mile, when reaching Cypress Creek, which flows through the center of the swamp, the bridge that crossed it was found to have been swept away and the stream was too wide and deep to be forded. After a good deal of difficulty a log was thrown across by means of which one company was enabled to proceed to the River by wading waist-deep through the rest of the swamp. Leaving a guard and large working party, the rest were marched back and encamped about a mile from Robertsville. Remained in camp all the next day awaiting the completion of the bridge. January 31, left camp at 8 a.m. and crossed Black Swamp to the River. Although the bridge had been built and the flood had largely subsided, portions of the causeway were still overflowed and the men had to wade through water for nearly a mile. This they did without a murmur, although the weather was cold and chilling and the water at the freezing point. After reaching the ferry five companies, under Major Tanner, were sent up the River on a reconnaissance near Lawtonville. They returned about dark, having gone several miles without seeing the enemy. This regiment, in connection with the rest of the brigade, being detached from the division for duty at the temporary depot at this place, a camp was selected and laid out with regularity, and attention to neatness and comfort. Here the regiment remained five days, performing the usual picket and camp duties and furnishing daily fatigue parties for unloading supplies from transports to build bridges and corduroy roads, and details for

