
guard duty at the landing. Thus nearly half the regiment was on duty daily during our stay here, and the fatigue parties often worked on the transports until late at night.

February 4, the brigade having been relieved by a brigade of Fourteenth Corps, the regiment left camp at 3 p.m. ; recrossed Black Swamp, which previous days' rains had rendered almost impassable for wagons, and at 9 p.m. encamped on the Maner place, near Robertsville. From this date until reaching Blackville the regiment, as part of the brigade, moved with General Geary's (Second) division, the First and Third Divisions having gone on in advance some days before. February 5, left camp at noon, and, passing the heaps of ashes which were all that remained encamped at dark near Johnson's Cross-Roads, having marched about ten miles. February 6, marched through Lawtonville, which was also in ashes, and at dark encamped at Duck Branch. February 7, marched from 10 a.m. until dark, making but five miles, on account of the delay of the train, caused by the bad condition of the roads from the previous day and night's rain. Bivouacked near the Coosawhatchie Swamp and sent a large detail to assist in corduroying and bridging the road across the swamp. February 8, at 1 p.m., the train having all got over, we followed, and marching fourteen miles, at 9 p.m. reached the Salkehatchie at Buford's Bridge and encamped for the night. next morning (9th) at daylight crossed the River or swamp; moved eighteen miles, and at sunset encamped within two miles of Blackville and the rest of our division. February 10, marched through Blackville, formerly a thriving village and station on North [South] Carolina Railroad, and with the other regiments of the brigade proceeded on a reconnaissance to Duncan's Bridge, on South Branch of Edisto River, seven miles distant. On arriving found that the force of the enemy had left that morning, after firing the bridge, which was still burning. With some labor the bridge was made passable for infantry, when we crossed and went into camp about two miles beyond the stream. The next day (11th) the regiment was sent back to the River to assist in repairing the bridge and corduroying the road leading from it. After performing this duty returned to camp of previous night.

February 12, regiment marched as guard to the train about eleven miles and encamped at night near North Branch of the Edisto. February 13, regiment being in rear of column was unable to cross the River until 9. 30 p.m., when it marched five miles and went into camp at midnight. February 14, started at 7 a.m., and marching about six miles went into camp at noon near Lexington Court-House and Columbia Cross-Roads. A very cold rain set in about noon and continued all night. February 15, left camp at 1 p.m. as rear guard, marched very slow and with frequent halts, the train being delayed for hours in crossing Congaree and Red Branch Creeks, and reached camp near Lexington Court-House at 1 a.m. February 16, took the Columbia road, and marching eight miles, a part of the way along the unfinished railroad from Columbia to Augusta, encamped at noon near to Congaree River and within four miles of the city. February 17, marched three or four miles north to ferry on Saluda River, where pontoon bridge was laid; delayed all day waiting for Fourteenth Corps and Kilpatrick's cavalry to precede us; crossed about dark and went into camp two miles on the other side. Next day (18th) regiment marched with the train; the roads were bad and our progress slow; starting at noon we encamped at 9 p.m., having made but about eight miles. On the 19th continued our March to Broad River, about five miles dis-

