
tant, and encamped near the ferry where the pontoons were laid, and waited for the Fourteenth Corps to cross. February 20, at daylight crossed Broad River and the Greenville and Columbia Railroad, which runs along its northern ban,, and about three miles farther on forded Little River and proceeding along the Winnsborough road, through a country abounding in rich plantations affording an abundant supply for our foragers, went into camp about sundown eight miles from Broad River and ten miles from Winnsborough and encamped two miles beyond the town. February 22, left camp at noon, and, marching with the train over a rough road and delayed by frequent and tiresome halts, our progress was slow and tedious, so that we were kept on the road all night. At 3 a.m., when we lay down for a little rest, we had made but thirteen miles and were not yet up with the head of the column, which had encamped on the banks of the Catawba River, near Rocky Mount Crossing. February 23, crossed Catawba River on pontoon bridge. The high bluff banks were so difficult of ascent by the train that a detail of men had to be assigned to each wagon to help it up. Encamped about three miles beyond the River. Commenced raining toward night and continued without cessation for two days, making the roads one bed of mud. February 24, started att 6 a.m., but after proceeding about three miles we came upon the Seventeenth Corps, which, moving in from the right, had taken possession of the road we were on. Went into camp, where we remained until the 26th, when we marched with the train until 10 p.m., making an advance of seven or eight miles. Next day (27th) we crossed the creek at Hanging Rock and encamped a mile beyond. February 28, again assigned to the train, building corduroy roads, through the swamps, pulling wagons out of the mud by hand when mired, and guarding them from danger of attack. We crossed Little Lynch's Creek before dark and encamped on north side, having made about March 1, regiment having the advance of the corps and being unimpeded by the train, moved rapidly forward, and crossing Lynch's Creek at Miller's Bridge got into camp about 2 p.m., having marched fifteen miles. March 2, the brigade, having again the advance of the corps, left camp at 6 a.m., and marching rapidly forward about fourteen miles on Chesterfield Court-House road, when, at second milestone from town, our cavalry scouts came rushing back, announcing the rebels to be in considerable force in our front. The Fifth Connecticut and One hundred and forty-First New York Volunteers, the two advance regiments, being deployed as skirmishers, the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers in support of the former, moved forward on the left of the road, while this regiment, in support of the latter, moved on the right, advancing by right of companies and keeping close up to the skirmishers. As we emerged into the wide, open field near the town the skirmishers firing as they advanced, the enemy was quickly driven through the village to the woods, a mile beyond. Here, at the forks of the road, we were halted, until a section of artillery had come up and expended several shells. We then pressed on again to Thompson's Creek, a mile beyond. The delay, however, had been sufficient to allow all of the enemy to cross and fire the bridge. Upon reaching the creek, it was found to be wide and very deep and rapid. The enemy, posted along the bank on the other side, opened a section of artillery upon us, but their shells flew wide and their guns were soon silenced

