
by our batteries. Here we lay in the mud until nearly dark, when, receiving permission to cross with my regiment, I had selected a crossing and commenced preparations, when we were ordered back and put into camp near the town at 9 p.m.

March 3, the enemy having fallen back in the night three companies were put to work to repair the bridge, which had been only partially destroyed, and the rest of the regiment to corduroy the road leading to it. At 4 p.m. we crossed and marched two miles on the Cheraw road, when the division was recalled and went into camp near the creek, and where a branch road led to Sneedsborough, N. C. March 4, lay in camp all day waiting for the corps and train to pass; started about dark for a day's March; train impeded every few rods by the bad state of the roads, large portions of which had to be corduroyed before a wagon could pass. On this account the regiment did not reach camp, eight miles distant, until 1 a.m. March 5, remained in camp, not far from Great Pedee River, all day, the Fourteenth Corpsus. At 5 p.m. the five right companies, under charge of Major Gray, were sent out to corduroy the roads in advance and worked until midnight. March 6, marched one mile and then, turning to the right, took the Cheraw plank road, over which the train bowled rapidly along, reaching the town, nine miles distant, at 3 p.m. Here we remained until nearly 3 a.m., waiting an opportunity to cross the pontoon bridge; finally crossed and got into camp, three miles beyond the River, at 4 a.m., with orders to move again at 7 a.m. March 7, started at 7. 30 a.m., marched fifteen miles and encamped near Middleton Station, the terminus of an unfinished railroad. March 8, left camp at 6. 30 a.m., marched ten miles through a desolate turpentine forest, and encamped at 5 p.m. For nearly two miles of this distance a new road had to be built to avoid the Fourteenth Corps, the road we were on for that distance uniting with the one on which that corps was passing. Rained hard nearly all day and all night.

March 9, left camp at 6 a.m. ; March delayed by a number of brooks which the rain had so swollen that they had to be bridged, and long distances of the road corduroyed before the train could pass; crossed Lumber River at dark. The bridge along this stream had been burned by the rebels, but the troops who had been sent on for this purpose the night before had succeeded in repairing it; reached camp two miles beyond at 8 p.m. ; rained heavily all the afternoon and night. March 10, started at 6 a.m. in advance of train; all the streams that crossed the road were flooded and the troops had to wade through water knee-deep; corduroyed the worst places, and having marched nine or ten miles encamped near Rockfish Creek at 4 p.m. March 11, lay in camp until about noon, when First and Third Divisions were ordered to move forward, unencumbered with train, to Fayetteville, to assist Fourteenth Corps in case of need at that point. Crossed Rockfish Creek and marched twenty miles, eleven of which were on the Fayetteville plank road, reaching camp just outside of town at 9. 30 p.m. Remained here the next day (12th) and for the first time for six weeks enjoyed the opportunity of sending a mail North. Our sick were sent from this place to Wilmington and a few supplies drawn. March 13, left camp at noon, marched through Fayetteville and passed in review before General Sherman, and crossing the pontoons over Cape Fear River went into camp four miles beyond the town on the Raleigh plank road. Remained here until March 15, when we left camp at 8. 30 a.m. ; marched eleven miles on Raleigh plank road and encamped at 2 p.m. ; rained all

