
task we moved on and rejoined our brigade, crossing Black River, which the storm had so swollen and inundated the adjacent low ground that in order to reach the bridge across the main stream the men had to wade for several rods through water waist-deep. The road led through a low marshy country in which the train was continually getting mired, hence our progress was slow and tedious and we did not reach camp until 11 p.m., having marched about nine miles. March 19, left camp at 8 a.m. as guard to train. At 10 a.m. heard quite rapid artillery firing some distance in front, which after a time gradually ceased. At 1 p.m. the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers and this regiment were ordered forward to guard the Smithfield Cross-Road. Arriving there the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers was left, and this regiment with rest of brigade was ordered to move forward as fast as possible as the Fourteenth Corps had met the enemy in largely superior numbers. Pushing rapidly on, double-quicking a portion of the way, we arrived on the field at 2 p.m. The brigade was at once ordered on the left of the line, this regiment on right of the brigade and connecting with Second Brigade. In passing a rail fence every man by direction seized a rail, and a line of breast-works continuing the line on the right was quickly begun. But hardly had we got into position before the firing on the right increased and became rapid and heavy, and in a few minutes much confusion was evident and troops were seen falling back from the woods near the road in disorder. The left of the line was at once ordered to fall in and move to the right, and this regiment marching rapidly to the road was put into position to the right of it on a slight rise of ground in the open field, its left resting on the road. Here, with rails from adjoining fences, a line of breast-works was thrown up protecting its front. At the same time a battery wheeled into position behind it and opened fire, while several batteries massed to the left of the road opened simultaneously and in a short time the line in front was reformed and order restored. We then obtained a few shovels and strengthened our breast-works with earth, and there being no troops immediately on our right the line was continued more than double the length of the regiment in this direction, to be used in case of need. Before night the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers came up and occupied them. At dark this regiment, with rest of brigade, was ordered forward to front line to relieve Third Brigade, of this division, which returned to the line we had left. On reaching the front line this regiment at once went to work to rebuild and strengthen the line of breast-works there, which were very poor. We lay on our arms all night ready for a renewal of the attack at any moment.

March 20, contrary to expectations the attack was not renewed this morning, and at daylight we were cheered by the sight of re-enforcements, the two remaining divisions of the Left Wing and one from the Right Wing coming up in the night. A party sent out by the regiment brought in 7 well prisoners, with their arms, and 2 wounded ones, and 40 muskets picked up on the battle-field. They also reported a caisson a short distance in front, abandoned, but too heavy to drag in. March 21, remained in same place until noon, when we moved half a mile to the front, and, establishing a line, commenced building breastworks, but in a few minutes were ordered back to our old position, where we remained until next morning, when, the enemy having retreated, we marched in the direction of Goldsborough, camping at night near Falling Water Creek. Next day (23rd) continued our March,

