
possession of an intrenched line intended as cover to a bridge across Moccasin Creek, a deep and rapid stream flowing in two channels through a wide and difficult morass. The enemy in his flight had displaced the planking and timbers of the bridge, and had cut a mill-dam a short distance above, swelling the current of the stream and flooding the adjacent swamps. The regiment was ordered to cross the first channel upon the stringers of the bridge yet remaining, and advance far enough to hold it while being repaired. It crossed under a very brisk fire; plunged into the water to the waists of the men, pressed steadily forward and gained a position commanding the bridge over the second channel. The enemy just the other side and within a few yards kept up a galling fire. The first bridge having been completed and supports brought up, the regiment was ordered to again advance and take the second bridge. This was done with spirit, and the enemy retired leaving the working parties to complete the repairs. As soon as the bridge was sufficiently rebuilt to enable other troops to come up should it be necessary, the regiment again deployed as skirmishers, and advancing rapidly again developed the line of the enemy, which a vigorous charge set in hot flight to the rear. Our loss in this skirmish was 1 killed and 3 wounded. The enemy left 2 dead on the field, and a citizen reported that 8 wounded had been taken to his house and afterward removed.

The March was pursued to Raleigh, which we reached on the 13th of April without further incident. From the 13th to the 25th of April the regiment lay in camp, with the exception of a foraging excursion to Jones' Cross-Roads. On the 25th the regiment with the rest of the corps moved to Jones' Cross-Roads, lay until the 28th, and returned to its camp at Raleigh. On the 30th of April it commenced with the whole army in peaceful March homeward.

On the 11th day of May we marched through Richmond, and passing Ashland, Spotsylvania Court-House, Chancellorsville, Brentsville, and Fairfax Station, made camp near Alexandria, Va., on the 19th day of May, in high health and spirits. On the 24th of May the regiment took part in the grand review of the army in Washington.

The entire March was without noticeable incident. I desire, however, to speak of the good conduct of the men, who abstained without exception from the unsoldierly vice of straggling, and who uniformly treated the inhabitants of the country with kindness, and respected their property.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain D. W. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 137. Report of Captain William Merrell, One hundred and forty-First New York Infantry, of operations January 17-March 24.
HEADQUARTERS 141ST NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Scottsville, N. C., March 26, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment from the occupation of Savannah, Ga., December 21, 1864, to date:

Upon the occupation of Atlanta [Savannah] my regiment was assigned to camp upon the north side, and one mile and a half from the city, near

