
toward Rocky Mount; marched as rear guard; got into camp at 3 a.m. after a very hard day's March. 23rd, marched at 8. 30 a.m. to within one mile and a half of the Wateree River; halted for dinner, then crossed, camping at 9 p.m. 24th, marched two miles and went into camp. 25th, remained in camp. 26th, marched 1 p.m. ; guarded thirty wagons; made seven miles; camped at 7. 45 p.m. within one mile and a half of Hanging Rock Post -Office. 27th, marched at 6. 30 a.m. to Hanging Rock Post-Office; camped at 11 a.m. 28th, marched at 8. 30; camped at dusk; mustered for pay during the day.

March 1, marched at 6. 30 a.m. ; made ten miles; camped at 4. 30 p.m. at Johnson's. 2nd, marched at 6. 30 a.m. fourteen miles toward Chesterfield Court-House, when I was ordered to deploy my regiment as skirmishers on the right-hand of the road, with my left resting on the road. I then moved forward and discovered the rebel cavalry; we advanced in quick time, driving the rebels through town and two miles the other side, across Thomspon's Cree, where they opened upon us with a piece of artillery, but did us no harm. We remained upon the line until the pickets were posted, then fell back about three-quarters of a mile and went into camp. 3rd, marched at 8 a.m. ; proceeded to the creek to effect a crossing (the rebels having burned the bridge during the engagement of yesterday), which we soon did; stacked arms upon the other side and were engaged until noon building corduroy road; we then fell in and marched about two miles, and went into camp for the night. 4th, marched at 5. 30 a.m. ; made about six miles; camped at 4 p.m. ; left two companies at mill to guard wagons. 5th, remained in camp. 6th, marched at 11. 30 a.m. to Cheraw, a distance of ten miles, reaching that place at 4 p.m. ; remained there until 3 a.m., then crossed the Great Pedee River and marched three miles the other side, and halted at 5 a.m., the 7th, until 8 a.m. ; then marched sixteen miles, guarding and assisting thirty wagons; went into camp at 4. 30 p.m. Nothing of importance occurred from this time until the 16th. During the intervening time we were engaged in building roads and assisting trains, making very slow progress. March 16, marched at 7. 30 a.m. toward Goldsborough Cross-Roads; proceeded about two miles, when we were ordered to move ahead as fast as possible; we then moved to the right, throwing up works. Heavy firing commenced on our right, and the Fourteenth Corps, or portions of it, came back upon the double-quick, saying that the rebels had flanked them. We were then ordered to move to the right in quick time. We were soon formed again and constituted the second line. The greatest confusion prevailed amongst the scattered troops of the Fourteenth Corps, but through the exertions of our brigade staff officers order was soon restored within the limits of our brigade. We remained in this position until dark and then moved in the first line and relieved the One hundred and forty third New York Volunteers. 20th, at 2 p.m. my regiment was ordered to support the picket-line, which was to advance to form connection with the Fourteenth Corps picket-line, which we did; we then remained in reserve to the pickets until nearly dark; we were then relieved and fell back to our former position. 21st, remained in camp. 22nd, having found that the enemy had evacuated during the night we were ordered to move at 8. 30 a.m. toward Cox's Bridge; marched a distance of twelve miles and encamped att 9. 30 p.m. 23rd, marched at 7. 30 a.m., crossed at Cox's Bridge on pontoons, and then marched about four miles and encamped. 24th, marched at 7 a.m. ; received orders through the night to send regimental wagon and all pack animals to

