
Goldsborough, in charge of brigade quartermaster. Passed through Goldsborough in review, then marched about three miles north of the town and went into camp, where we are now situated.

There were during the campaign only seven days' rations issued; all of the rest of the subsistence was foraged by authorized foraging parties. There wee captured 8 or 10 horses and 15 mules, the most of them being worthless; also 5 prisoners (well). The casualties are as follows. *

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

WM. MERRELL,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain D. W. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 138. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Andrew J. McNett, One hundred and forty-First New York Infantry, of operations April 10-May 25.
HEADQUARTERS 141ST NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Near Washington, D. C., May 30, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment since the commencement of the last campaign at Goldsborough, N. C., to May 25, 1865:

On the 10th of April this regiment broke camp at or near Goldsborough, N. C; passed through town at 8 a.m. ; moved in a southwesterly course. At about noon met the rebels; skirmishing commenced; we were then formed in line of battle, but moved forward without any apparent delay about two miles; we then halted, and after resting again advanced in support of the skirmish line until we came upon a deep swamp or creek. At this point the rebels held us in check for a short time. Our lines were pushed forward as close to the banks of the stream as possible. The rebels kept up a constant firing upon us. After trying to effect a crossing over the stream an attempt was made to cross a few men over the stringers of the bridge, which had been thrown off, together with the planks, which proved successful. The rebels then fell back about half a mile. The bridge was immediately repaired and sufficient troops crossed to again advance, which we did, driving them with the aid of a piece of field artillery about two miles farther. We then went into camp. No casualties. April 11, moved forward about noon; after a hard day's March camped near Smithfield. 12th, crossed the Neuse River, camping at 4. 30 p.m. 13th, marched at 5 a.m. ; reached Raleigh, the capital of North Carolina, at 3. 30 p.m. After a halt of one hour and a half we were put into camp just outside of the fortifications on the South side of the city. Nothing of importance occurred until the 22nd, when the corps was reviewed in the city by Major-General Sherman. Returned to our camps and remained there until the 25th. Received orders to March at daylight; moved out at 7 a.m. toward Hillsborough about twelve miles, and went into camp, where we remained until the 28th. At 8 a.m. returned to Raleigh and occupied our old camps, where we remained until the 30th. We then marched fifteen miles, crossed the Neuse River, and went into camp and mustered for pay.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 men wounded and 6 men captured.

---------------

