
May 1, marched at 7 a.m. ; camped on the banks of Tar River after marching nineteen miles. 2nd, broke camp at 6. 30 a.m. ; moved north, passing east of Oxford; marched twenty miles; camped near Henderson. 3rd, passed through Williamsborough, N. C. ; crossed the State line into Virginia; went into camp about noon and remained until sundown, then crossed the Roanoke River and camped for the night at 9 p.m. May 3 [4], broke camp at 9 a.m. ; marched twenty miles. 5th, marched at sunrise; crossed the Nottoway River, camping at dark after a March of seventeen miles. May 6, marched at 6. 30 a.m. toward Blacks and Whites Station; reached that place at noon; halted for dinner, then marched about four miles farther and went into camp near the railroad. 7th, moved at sunrise; crossed the Appomattox River; made twenty-one miles. 8th, marched through Clover Hill Station, making twenty-two miles, and camped at Falling Creek, eight miles from Richmond. 8th [9th], at 9 a.m. fell in and marched about two miles nearer the city for dinner. We then marched about three miles farther and camped for the night. 12th, marched at 5. 30 a.m., passing through Ashland; crossed the South Anna River and went into camp. 13th, broke camp at 5 p.m. ; passed by Old Fork Church; crossed Little River and went into camp, after marching eighteen miles. May 14, crossed North Anna River, passing near Bowling Green; camped within two miles of Spotsylvania Court-House. 15th, passed over a portion of the battle-field, also by Chancellorsville Court-House; camped on the banks of the Rappahannock River. Nothing of importance occurred until the 19th, when we reached Fairfax Seminary at 5 p.m. ; went into camp and commenced preparing for the grand review, which was ordered the 25th [24th]. May 25 [24], at 7 a.m. we fell in (leaving knapsacks and haversacks to be transported by the wagons) and moved to Long Bridge; crossed about noon, then passed in review through the city; camped near Bladensburg toll-gate. 26th [25th], moved in our present camp.

No foraging was done during our homeward March. Full rations were issued during the time.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. J. McNETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain D. W. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 139. Reports of Major Patrick Griffith, Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations January 17-March 24 and April 10-May 29.
HDQRS. FORTY-SIXTH PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the campaign just ended:

January 17, broke camp at 1. 20 p.m. ; crossed the Savannah River; camped at 7 p. m six miles from the city. January 18, left camp at 1. 30 p.m. ; camped at 5 p.m. three miles from Hardeeville; marched

