
five miles. January 19, started at 9 a.m. ; camped at 3. 30 p.m. at Purysburg Landing, S. C. ; rained nearly all day. January 23, moved camp, policed the place, dug sinks, &amp;c. January 27, broke camp at 8. 30 a. . ; camped at 3 p.m. at Bradhamsville. January 28, pursuant to orders received from First Brigade headquarters, started on a reconnaissance at 7 a.m. toward Black Swamp, got about three miles when was ordered back and moved toward the River, but met an impassable swamp and were compelled to return, and camped at 5. 30 p.m. two miles north of the old camp. January 29, started at 7 a.m. and marched to Robertsville; arrived there at 11 a.m. ; ordered out to hold a road with the One hundred and forty-First New York; relieved at 2 p.m. ; marched to Widow Wagner's place and camped for the night. Monday, 30th, according to orders received from Colonel James L. Selfridge, commanding First Brigade, I moved to old Sister's Ferry with the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers and One hundred and forty-First New York Volunteers at 7 a.m. ; found the road flooded with water, and had to wade nearly the whole distance knee-deep; found the war steamer Pontiac; two transports also were there, loaded with commissary stores and forage; proceeded to discharge their cargoes; unloaded both of them by 11 p.m. ; posted pickets on all roads leading to the landing. January 31, two more boats having arrived in the night commenced to unload them early in the morning. Colonel James L. Selfridge and the rest of the brigade coming up at 10 a.m. relieved me from the command. Two rebel deserters came in and were turned over to First Brigade headquarters.

Remained in camp assisting to unload boats and guard stores until Saturday, 4th of February, when we broke camp, starting at 4 p.m. Camped at Widow Maner's place at 10 p.m. ; marched four miles. Sunday, 5th of February, started at 1 p.m. ; camped at 5; marched eight miles. Monday, 6th, moved at 9 a.m. in the advance; were led two miles off the road by a captain of engineers and retraced our steps; camped at 5 p.m. on main road. February 7, got off at 10 a.m. with wagon train; rain all day; camping at 7 p.m. on Ashbury Lawton's place. 8th, started at 12 m. ; marched six miles; very cold; camping at 7 p.m. 9th, on the road at 5. 30 a.m. ; crossed a very large swamp and marched sixteen miles, camping at 4. 30 p.m. two miles from Blackville. 10th, First Brigade, Colonel Selfridge commanding, started on a reconnaissance to Duncan's Bridge, on the South Edisto River; found the bridge burned and the enemy gone; crossed the River on the remains of the bridge; found a few cavalry scouts of the enemy. 11th, in camp all day. 12th, moved at 7 a.m. ; marched twelve miles. The regiment sent half a mile from the main road to hold it; threw out a picket; camped within two miles of the North Edisto River. 13th, broke camp 9 a.m. ; moved to main road; crossed the River at 6 p.m. ; marched eight miles and camped at 12 p.m. 14th, started at 7 a.m. ; marched five miles and camped at 10 a.m. at Columbia Cross-Roads. 15th, moved at 12 m. ; camped at 11 p.m. one mile from Lexington Court-House. 16th, moved at 7 a.m. ; camped at 2 p.m. four miles from Columbia. 17th, on the road at 8 a.m. ; camped at 9 p.m. 19th, started at 9 a.m. ; camped at 3 p.m. near Broad River. 20th, started 10 a.m. ; crossed Broad River; built corduroy, camped at 5 p.m. nine miles from Winnsborough. 21st, broke camp at 7 a.m. ; camped at 9 p.m. two miles north of Winnsborough. 22nd, started at 11 a.m. ; camped at 3 p.m. fifteen miles north of Winnsborough. 23rd, started at 8 a.m. ; crossed the Wateree River and camped at 5 p.m.

