
May 1, started at 5 a.m. ; marched eighteen miles; crossed Tar River; camped at 4 p.m. 2nd, started at 6 a.m. ; camped at 5; marched twenty miles. 3rd, marched fifteen miles; crossed Roanoke; camped at 9 p.m. 4th, marched from Roanoke to Meherrin River, twenty miles. 5th, marched from Meherrin River to Nottoway bridge. 6th, marched from Nottoway bridge and camped near Falling Creek. 7th, marched about three miles; camped at 2 p.m. six miles from Richmond. 8th, 9th, and 10th, in camp near Richmond. 11th, marched through Richmond in review; camped four miles from the city. 12th, marched twenty miles, passing through Ashland. 13th, started at 5 a.m. ; camped at 4. 30 p.m. 14th, marched at 5 a.m. ; camped within one mile of Spotsylvania Court-House. 15th, marched to Rappahannock River, thirteen miles, encamping near United States Ford. 16th, crossed the Rappahannock River, and passing Hartwood Church marched thirteen miles. 17th, marched about thirteen miles and encamped near Brentsville. 18th, started at 6 a.m. in rear of wagon train; camped near Fairfax Station at 9. 30 p.m., it being impossible to get the train farther on account of a very heavy storm, the rain falling in torrents and rendering the road impassable. 19th, started at 6 a.m. and encamped on Arlington Heights, two miles from Alexandria, at 4 p.m. From this date until the 24th remained in camp, when we passed through Washington City in review, and encamped on Bladensburg pike. 25th, moved camp a short distance, where we are still encamped at this date.

In conclusion, I would say the line officers deserve my best thanks for their uniform good conduct and cheerful co-operation on every occasion since I left Goldsborough.

I am, very respectfully,

P. GRIFFITH,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain D. W. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 140. Reports of Bvt. Brigadier General William Hawley, Third Wisconsin Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations January 17-March 24 and April 10-May 24.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, 20TH CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 26, 1865.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Brigade, First Division, Twentieth Corps, Left Wing, Army of Georgia, in the campaign from Savannah to Goldsborough:

On the 17th day of January, 1865, the brigade, consisting of the One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers, Colonel Nirom M. Crane; Second Massachusetts Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Charles F. Morse; Third Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel George W. Stevenson; One hundred and fortieth New York Volunteers, Alfred B. Smith, lieutenant-Colonel; Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers, Major Frederick H. Harris, left its camp on the Savannah River, two miles and a half above the city, and moved through the town and across the River. The roads being very heavy the Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers was left upon Hutchinson's Island to assist the trains, the remainder of the brigade moving nine miles, on the Hardeeville road, and

