
encamping. January 18, 1865, it marched eight miles, bivouacking four miles from Hardeeville, S. C. 19th, marched seven miles to Purysburg Landing, where it remained until 26th, when it moved toward Robertsville, making four miles, the road being obstructed by fallen timber the whole distance. 27th, marched five miles and bivouacked on Chovin's plantation, about nine miles from Robertsville. 28th, marched back on Sister's Ferry road two miles; returning, marched toward Robertsville four miles. 29th, I was ordered to move up and take possession of Robertsville; met the enemy about one mile from town. I deployed the Third Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers, and drove them through and out of the town, losing three me, wounded; marched five miles.

Remained in Robertsville until February 2, when it marched thirteen miles to near Lawtonville, S. C. February 3, marched eleven miles, bivouacking on Smart's plantation. 4th, marched eleven miles to Morris' Cross-Roads. 5th, marched twelve miles, bivouacking near Buford's Bridge. 6th, marched thirteen miles, crossing the Big Salkehatchie, at Buford's Bridge, and encamped near Springtown. 7th, marched eight miles to the South Carolina Railroad, two miles east of Grahamville. 8th, destroyed two miles of railroad by burning the ties and bending and twisting the rails. 9th, marched thirteen miles, passing through Blackville, bivouacking four miles west of that place. 10th, destroyed three miles of railroad, encamping at Station 96. Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers joined brigade at this place, having marched with the Second Division from Savannah. 11th, marched thirteen miles, crossing the South Fork of the Edisto River, encamping on north bank. 12th, marched eleven miles, bivouacking near North Fork of Edisto River. 13th, crossed North Fork of Edisto at Jeffcoat's Bridge, marching ten miles north. 14th, marched six miles toward Lexington Court-House. 15th, marched ten miles to within two miles of Lexington Court-House. 16th, marched nine miles, leaving Lexington Court-House to the left, encamping four miles from Columbia; crossed projected railroad from Columbia to Augusta. 17th, marched four miles north to Saluda River. which crossed; thence one mile on peninsula formed by Saluda and Broad Rivers. 18th, marched six miles north. 19th, marched seven miles north. 20th, marched one mile to Broad River; crossed thence seven miles north on road to Winnsborough, crossing Greenville and Columbia Railroad. 21st, marched ten miles, passing through Winnsborough. 22nd, marched seventeen miles east to Rocky Mount. 23rd, marched one mile to Catawba River, which crossed, and proceeded three miles east. 24th, marched three miles east. 25th, remained in camp. 26th, marched six miles northeast toward Hanging Rock. 27th, marched three miles, crossing Hanging Rock Creek. 28th, marched seven miles northeast, crossing Little Lynch's Creek.

March 1, marched fifteen miles northeast toward Chesterfield Court-House, crossing Lynch's Creek at Miller's Bridge. March 2, marched seventeen miles to Chesterfield Court-House, skirmishing with the enemy, with no casualties. March 3, marched across Thompson's Creek, marching two miles on road to Cheraw; then crossed over to Sneedsborough road, one mile. March 4, marched seven miles toward Sneedsborough, crossing Abram's and Little Westfield Creek. March 5, remained in camp. March 6, marched one mile northeast to boundary line of North and South Carolina. Then took plank road to Cheraw, marching nine miles to Cheraw, crossing Great Pedee River; thence

