
four miles northeast. March 7, marched fifteen miles northeast toward Rockingham, to Wilmington, Laurel Hill and Charlotte Railroad, passing into North Carolina. March 8, marched fourteen miles and a half on road to Fayetteville. March 9, marched four miles northeast to within two miles of Lumber River. March 10, crossed Lumber River at Blue's Bridge, marching ten miles northeast. March 11, marched ten miles and a half north to plank road to Fayetteville, crossing Rockfish Creek; marched nine miles

and a half, to within two miles and a half of Fayetteville. March 12, remained in camp. March 13, passing through Fayetteville, crossed Cape Fear River, and marched four miles northeast, making six miles to-day. March 14, remained in camp. March 15, marched eleven miles northeast to Bluff Church and encamped. At 7. 30 received orders to report with my command to Brevet Major-General Kilpatrick, five miles in advance. Moved forward and reported to Brevet Major-General Kilpatrick, and was assigned position in center of his cavalry command, with my left resting on the main road and about three-quarters of a mile from the enemy's works.

March 16, under the direction of Brevet Major-General Kilpatrick, and in conjunction with his cavalry, I moved forward and engaged the enemy at daylight, throwing forward a strong skirmish line. The enemy being found strongly intrenched and with artillery I deemed it prudent to await the arrival of more troops before pressing them too hard. The advance brigade of General Ward's division came up at

9 a.m., and under the direction of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams I was relieved by the Third Brigade, of that division, and on the arrival of the other two brigades of this division took up a position on the right of the Third Brigade, Brigadier-General Robinson, on my right. In this position an irregular fight was kept

up during the entire day, steadily driving the enemy from his chosen position, until night set in and closed the contest. March 17, marched three miles to Black River. March 18, forded Black River at Sampson's Bridge and marched nine miles east, crossing Mingo Creek. March 19, after marching five miles toward Bentonville, heavy firing was heard about three miles in advance. I moved my brigade as rapidly as possible up to that point, where I found two divisions of the Fourteenth Corps engaged with the enemy I was placed in position by Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams directly in rear of those troops, my right resting on the main road. In a few moments information was received that the enemy were moving upon our left flank, and by direction of Brevet Major-General Williams I moved my brigade about one-quarter of a mile to the left, forming a line to protect our left flank, and intrenching. The left of the Fourteenth Corps giving way and coming back in some confusion over the fields I changed front, forming line across the open field to oppose the enemy's advance, but finding the enemy moving up on the left again I immediately moved back into my works, where I remained until March 22; marched ten miles toward Cox's Bridge. March 23, marched nine miles to Neuse River, which crossed at Cox's Bridge; thence two miles and a half toward Goldsborough. March 24, marched seven miles, passing through Goldsborough; thence two miles to camp.

During the entire March from Savannah to this place, marching 450 miles, the brigade has subsisted entirely on the country.

For statement of subsistence obtained, property captured and destroyed, prisoners captured, and list of casualties, see Appendix.

