HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Washington, D. C., May 30, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade since leaving Goldsborough, N. C.:

April 10, 1865, the brigade took up its line of March on the enemy at 4. 30 a.m. ; marched fourteen miles, skirmishing slightly with the enemy's cavalry, and encamped for the night. April 11, it marched to Smithfield it crossed the Neuse River and Spring Creek, marching thirteen miles. April 13, marched to Raleigh, making thirteen miles, where it remained in camp until April 25, when it marched out to Jones Cross-Roads, twelve miles southwest of Raleigh. April 28, returned to old camp at Raleigh. April 30, the brigade started for Washington, marching sixteen miles and crossing the Neuse River at Manteo's Mills.

May 1, it marched to within one mile of Tar River, making nineteen miles. May 2, crossing the Tar River at Dickerson's Bridge it marched to within three miles of Williamsborough, making twenty-one miles. May 3, passing through Williamsborough and into Virginia it crossed the Roanoke River at Taylor's Ferry, making twenty miles. May 4, crossed Meherrin River at Saffold's Bridge, marching twenty-three miles. May 5, marched to Big Nottoway River, making sixteen miles. May 6, crossed Big and Little Nottoway Rivers, also crossed South Side Railroad at Blacks and Whites, marching twelve miles. May 7, crossed Appomattox River near Bevill's Bridge, marching twenty-two miles. May 8, passing Clover Hill Coal Mines it crossed Falling Creek, marching eighteen miles. May 9, marched four miles, encamping within six miles of Richmond. May 11, passing through Manchester and Richmond and crossing the James River it encamped at Emanuel Church, four miles north of Richmond. May 12, it passed through Ashland and crossed the South Anna at Blount's Bridge, marching fifteen miles. May 13, crossed New Found and Little Rivers and Virginia Central Railroad, near Beaver Dam Station. It marched to within one mile of the North Anna River, making fifteen miles. May 14, crossed North Anna River at Anderson's Bridge and encamped two miles from Spotsylvania Court-House, making fifteen miles. May 15, passed through Spotsylvania Court-House and encamped near United States Ford on the Rappahannock River, passing Chancellorsville, and marching fifteen miles. May 16, crossed the Rappahannock River and marched seventeen miles. May 17, crossed Cedar Run and marched to near Brentsville, making fifteen miles. May 18, crossing the Bull Run, Orange and Alexandria Railroad at Fairfax Station, marched eighteen miles. May 19, marched to within two miles of Alexandria, where we remained until the 24th. Crossed the Potomac at Long Bridge, passing through Washington in review, thence four miles toward Bladensburg and encamped.

No casualties in this brigade during the March.

Accompanying this report are the reports of the regimental commanders, to which reports I ask reference for the details of the operations of the respective regiments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM HAWLEY,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Captain E. K. BUTTRICK,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

