
on which marched eight miles in a northwesterly direction to within three miles of Springfield. January 29, marched twelst to within four miles of Sister's Ferry, Savannah River, passing through Springfield.

February 2, received orders from Brevet Major-General Geary, commanding Second Division, in accordance with orders received from General Williams, commanding corps, temporarily attaching our regiment to Second Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, commanded by Colonel Mindil. February 4, marched four miles to lower Sister's Ferry, Savannah River; crossed River on pontoon bridges into South Carolina; then marched seven miles northeast to within one mile of Robertsville. Made application to General Geary to be attached to First Brigade, our division, commanded by Colonel Selfridge, which was refused. February 5, marched seven miles northwest, passing through Robertsville. February 6, marched fourteen miles northwest, passing through Lawtonville. 7th, marched five miles northwest; crossed Coosawhatchie Swamp. 8th, marched thirteen miles northwest to Buford's Bridge, Salkehatchie River, crossing River and passing through evacuated works of enemy. 9th, marched eighteen miles northwest to one mile of Blackville, a station on the South Carolina Railroad. Reported to General Williams, desiring orders to report to brigade and division. 10th, received orders from General Williams, commanding corps, to rejoin our brigade. Marched to Blackville, thence six miles west along South Carolina Railroad to Ninety-six Mile Turnout, where we rejoined brigade. 11th, crossed South Fork of Edisto River at Duncan's Bridge, marching fifteen miles east and northwest. 12th, marched eleven miles north to within a mile and a half of North Fork of Edisto River. 13th, crossed North Fork Edisto River at Jeffcoat's Bridge, marching ten miles north. 14th, marched six miles north on road to Lexington Court-House. Regiment put on picket to defend Lexington Court-House and Columbia Cross-Roads while corps train was passing. 15th, marched ten miles north to within two miles of Lexington Court-House. 16th, marched nine miles northeast, leaving Lexington Court-House to our left, to within four miles of Columbia, crossing a projected railroad intended to run to Augusta. 17th, marched four miles northeast to Saluda River, which we crossed six miles north of Columbia; thence proceeded a mile on peninsula formed by Saluda and Broad Rivers. 18th, marched six miles north. 19th marched seven miles north. 20th, marched one mile to Broad River, which we crossed; thence seven miles north on road to Winnsborough, crossing Greenville and Columbia Railroad near Alston. 21st, marched eight miles north to Winnsborough; thence, passing through Winnsborough, two miles north of the city. 22nd, marched seventeen miles in an easterly direction to Rocky Mount. 23rd, crossed Catawba River at Rocky Mount; thence marched three miles east. 24th, marched three miles east. 25th rested in camp. 26th, marched six miles northeast toward Hanging Rock. 27th, marched three miles northeast, crossed Hanging Rock Creek, passing by the rock. 28th, marched seven miles northeast; crossed Little Lynch's Creek.

March 1, marched fifteen miles northeast toward Chesterfield Court-House; crossed Lynch's Creek at Miller's Bridge. 2nd, marched seventeen miles northeast to Chesterfield Court-House, skirmishing commenced, First Brigade on the right of division on the right of corps, One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, Second Massachusetts, and Third

