
Wisconsin Volunteers deployed in line of battle, left resting on the right of the road, this regiment and One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers marching by the right flank on the road to protect flank of brigade; on entering town stacked arms near the court-house. Shortly after stacking arms were ordered to move in light marching order and support the Second Massachusetts Volunteers in driving rebels from bridge over Thompson's Creek, that regiment being deployed as skirmishers; halted on tom of hill, when the Second Massachusetts Volunteers, charging forward, cleared the bridge; on their skirmishers being thrown across the creek our regiment advanced to hill overlooking creek to support skirmishers; afterward went into camp one quarter of a mile from town. 3rd, crossed Thompson's Creek; proceeded two miles east on road to Cheraw, when we moved to the left to Sneedsborough road. 4th, marched seven miles northeast toward Sneedsborough road, crossing Oldham's and Little Westfield Creeks. 5th, rested in camp. 6th, marched one mile northeast to boundary line of North Carolina and South Carolina, where we struck plank road from Wadesborough to Cheraw; proceeded on plank road nine miles southeast to Cheraw; crossed Great Pedee River, thence marched four miles northeast. 7th, marched fifteen miles northeast to Wilmington, Laurel Hill and Charlotte Railroad. 8th, crossed Wilmington, Laurel Hill and Charlotte Railroad; marched fifteen miles northeast passing to right of Rockingham. 9th, marched four miles northeast to within two miles of Lumber River. 10th, crossed Lumber River at Blue's Bridge; marched ten miles northeast. 11th, marched ten miles northeast to plank road leading from Rockingham to Fayetteville, crossing Rockfish Creek; thence nine miles and a half east to within two miles of Fayetteville. 12th, rested within two miles of Fayetteville. 13th, passed through Fayetteville; reviewed by Generals Sherman and Slocum; crossed Cape Fear River, and marched four miles northeast, making March of six miles in all. 14th, regiment, with Second Massachusetts Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Morse commanding, made a reconnaissance seven miles up plank road in a northeasterly direction toward Raleigh, thence two miles and a half South on right of road. Loaded five wagons with corn, but discovered no enemy. 15th, marched eleven miles northeast to Bluff Church, where we went into camp. At 7. 30 p.m. brigade ordered to fall in; marched off on plank road four miles northeast to support Kilpatrick's cavalry; ; went into position on left of road behind rail barricade thrown up by cavalry.

[March] 16, brigade moved at 6 a.m., advancing north, in line of battle, flanks covered with cavalry. Our skirmishers soon became engaged, but driving the enemy's skirmishers rapidly before them for about half a mile, when they stubbornly resisted any farther advance, and our line of battle was halted, the enemy shelling the woods where we were. Our skirmishers having exhausted their ammunition, a new detail was sent out to relieve them. About 9 a.m. Our whole brigade was relieved by the Third Brigade, Third Division, of this corps, and we moved to the rear a short distance where we remained for about an hour. We then moved to the right and advanced with three skirmishers in front of each company until we formed on right of line of Third Brigade, Third division. Our skirmishers became soon engage, the Third Brigade (our division being on our right), finding no enemy in their front, advanced until they flanked the enemy's line, and pouring an enfilading fire down their line, caused them to fall back to new line of works about a mile in the rear. Our lines were shortly advanced again. We however encountered the enemy's skirmishers about a quar-

