
ter of a mile from their works. We remained in this position until about 2 o'clock, when we advanced in line of battle, passing through a deep swamp. We drove their skirmishers rapidly into their works, and halted about 200 yards from their line of works and opened fire upon the enemy, which we continued about an hour and a half, after which we remained in this position, without firing, until about 5 p.m., when we were relieved by part of the Fourteenth Corps and went into camp in the rear line. We lost during the day 2 killed and 22 wounded. 17th, marched two miles and a half north and east, passing through evacuated works of the enemy. 18th, forded Black River at Sampson's Bridge and crossed Mingo Creek, marching nine miles east. 19th, marched about 6 a.m., our regiment, brigade, and division being on the right of the corps, our brigade building corduroy for the use of the train. Artillery firing heard in the distance, after about 10 a.m. At 1 o'clock we moved rapidly forward for about three miles and were placed in position on left of road to Goldsborough. After remaining a short time in this position we were moved by the left flank, crossing a ravine and narrow swamp; brigade formed in two lines to prevent flank movement of the enemy. Our regiment was placed in support of Second Massachusetts Volunteers (that regiment being on the right of the front line), in close column by division; assisted front line in building breast-works in their front. The firing on our right became heavier and closer, indicating that the from line was being hardly pressed. At this juncture we received orders to deploy the regiment on the right of the ravine and construct such defenses as could be quickly made as near on the prolongation of the brigade line as the nature of the ground would permit. Shortly after commencing to throw up rail defenses we were assured that the front line, consisting of part of the Fourteenth Corps, had given away and were falling to the rear in confusion, thus leaving our right flank exposed. I made strenuous but unavailing efforts to get a sufficient number of the men falling back to remain and fill up the interval between our regiment and the left of the Third Brigade of this division. I then swung my right back to the edge of the ravine, making my line nearly at right angles to the rest of the brigade line, the Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers (Lieutenant-Colonel Salomon commanding), joining on my right. The line of works which we had commenced to build being worse than useless to us in our new position it was hastily torn down and partly removed to the new line. While we were thus engaged the enemy made their appearance in a cleared field on the opposite side of the ravine and a narrow belt of wood. When they had approached to within about 200 yards of us we opened a heavy fire upon them, assisted by the artillery in the rear. We partly enfiladed their line as they advanced and the firing continued for a short time, when they retired in confusion, leaving their dead upon the field. During the night we strengthened the works, according to order. Loss during day, one man wounded. 20th and 21st, remained in same position, strengthening works, building traverses to prevent flank fire, and slashing the timber in ravine in front and flank. 22nd, enemy having evacuated their works we marched four miles southwest to Cox's Bridge Cross-Roads, thence six miles northeast toward Neuse River. 23rd, marched nine miles northeast to Neuse River, which we crossed at Cox's Bridge, thence four miles northeast toward Goldsborough. 24th, marched seven miles east, crossing Little River, Raleigh railroad, passing through Goldsborough in column by companies, thence three miles north of town, going into position in rear line along line of Goldsborough and Weldon Railroad.

