
Cotton has been destroyed to the amount of 113 bales. Subsistence for the men and forage for animals has been drawn mostly from the country.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

FRED. H. HARRIS,

Major, Commanding Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain J. R. LINDSAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,Near Washington, D. C., May 27, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with circular of yesterday I have the honor to make the following report of operations of this regiment since leaving Goldsborough, N. C.:

April 10, 1865, broke camp near Goldsborough at 4. 30 a.m. and marched on Smithfield road, passing through Goldsborough. Had proceeded ten miles from Goldsborough when skirmishing was heard in our front, which was quite brisk at the crossing of Raccoon Bridge; not being on the advance were not engaged; course southwest and west; distance, fourteen miles. April 11, marched to Smithfield; distance, fourteen miles. April 12, passed through Smithfield; crossed Neuse River and Spring Creek; course north west; distance, thirteen miles. April 13, marched to Raleigh; encamped near lunatic asylum, southeast of city; course north west; distance, thirteen miles. April 21, changed camp 500 yards to the right. April 25, broke camp and marched to Jones' Cross-Roads; course southwest; distance, thirteen miles. April 28, returned to old camp at Raleigh, the regiment guarding division train. April 30, broke camp at Raleigh, again marched through city, and crossed Neuse River at Fall's Bridge; course northwest by north; distance, sixteen miles.

May 1, marched to within a mile of Tar River; course north; distance, nineteen miles. May 2, crossed Tar River at Dickerson's Bridge and marched to within three miles of Williamsborough; course north; distance, twenty-one miles. May 3, passed through Williamsborough and into Virginia; crossed Roanoke River at Taylor's Ferry; course north; distance, twenty miles. May 4, crossed Meherrin River at Saffold's Bridge; course north; distance, twenty-three miles. May 5, marched to Nottoway River; course north; distance, sixteen miles. May 6, crossed Big and Little Nottoway Rivers, also crossed and recrossed South Side Railroad, passing Blacks and Whites Station; course northeast; distance, twelve miles. May 7, crossed Appomattox River at Bevill's Bridge; course northeast; distance, twenty-two miles. May 8, passed Clover Hill Coal Mines; crossed Falling Creek; course northeast; distance, eighteen miles. May 9, marched to within five miles of Richmond; course north; distance, four miles. May 11, passed through Manchester and Richmond, crossing James River; marched through several streets in the city of Richmond, thence five miles northwest to Emanuel Church. May 12, passed through Ashland railroad station, on Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad; crossed South Anna River at Blount's Bridge; course north; distance, fifteen miles. May 13, crossed New Found and Little Rivers and Virginia Central Railroad near Beaver Dam Station; marched to within one mile of North Anna River; course north west; distance, fifteen miles. May 14,

