
crossed North Anna River at Anderson's Bridge and marched to within two miles of Spotsylvania Court-House; course north; distance, fifteen miles. May 15, passed through Spotsylvania Court-House and marched over Chancellorsville battle-ground, thence to within a mile of United States Ford, Rappahannock River; course north; distance, fifteen miles. May 16, crossed Rappahannock River at United States Ford, passed by Hartwood Church; course north by west; distance, seventeen miles. May 17, crossed Cedar Run and marched to near Brentsville; course north; distance, fifteen miles. May 18, passed through Brentsville, crossed Bull Run and Orange and Alexandria Railroad at Fairfax Station, marching to near Burke's Station; course northeast; distance, eighteen miles. May 19, marched on Little River turnpike to within two miles of Alexandria, going into camp along pike near Fort Worth. May 24, crossed Potomac River at Long Bridge and marched through Washington in review, thence proceeded on road to Bladensburg, Md., four miles, where we went into camp.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

FRED. H. HARRIS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain J. R. LINDSAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 144. Reports of Colonel Nirom M. Crane, One hundred and seventh New York Infantry, of operations January 17-March 24 and April 10-May 28.
HEADQUARTERS 107TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

I have the honor to submit the following report embracing the movements of this command during the recent campaign from Savannah to Goldsborough:

On the morning of the 17th of January, 1865, this regiment broke camp and marched with the brigade, crossing at Savannah and moving in direction of Hardeeville, S. C. Camped nine miles from Savannah On the 18th instant broke camp about 1 p.m. and made seven miles, camping five miles from Hardeeville. Broke camp at 8 a.m. on the 19th instant, marched through Hardeeville, camping at Purysburg; remained in camp at this point until the 26th instant, when about 1 p.m., in accordance with orders, we marched in direction of Robertsville; made five miles and camped. Broke camp on the 27th instant and marched four miles, camping at cross-roads leading to Sister's Ferry. On the 28th instant marched seven miles on the road to Robertsville and camped for the night. Broke camp at 8 a.m. on the 29th instant and reached Robertsville and found the enemy. The advance of our brigade skirmished with the enemy and soon drove them from the town across a small creek. Went into camp at 2 p.m. on the Sister's Ferry road a short distance from town. Remained in camp on the 30th instant.

February 1, 1865, had brigade drill for one hour; remained in camp. Broke camp on the 2nd instant and marched twelve miles, camping one mile South of Lawtonville. On the 3rd instant marched at 6 a.m., taking the advance, moving in direction of Buford's Bridge; made

