
twelve miles and camped on Doctor Smart's plantation. On the 4th instant moved as escort to wagon train; made twelve miles and camped. On the 5th and 6th instant marched twenty-three miles and camped near Buford's Bridge. Broke camp on the 7th instant at 8 a.m., marched eight miles and camped near Graham's Turnout. This regiment was directed to proceed at once to the turnout and protect both public and private property until the brigade reached there the next day. Reached the station about 7 p.m., established guards, and went into camp. Lay in camp at Graham's Station on the 8th instant; destroyed 300 bales of cotton while other portions of the brigade were tearing up track on the Augusta and Charleston Railroad. On the 9th instant broke camp at 8 a.m., passed through Blackville and camped near the Augusta and Charleston Railroad, making a distance of ten miles. February 10, moved out of camp at 8 a.m. and were assigned one mile of track to destroy, which was completed by 1 p.m. ; went into camp at 3 p.m. at Ninety-six Turnout. On the 11th instant marched toward New Bridge; crossed the South Edisto at 10 p.m. and went into camp, making twelve miles. Broke camp on the 12th instant at 8 a.m. ; marched twelve miles and camped one mile South of the North Branch of the Edisto. Broke camp at 8 a. m. on the 13th instant and crossed the North Branch of the Edisto, making seven miles, and camping for the night. On the 14th instant broke camp at 8 a.m. ; moved in advance about two miles, when our brigade was halted and put in position across some cross-roads while the train was passing. About 3 p.m. moved out and followed the train and went into camp at the junction of the Columbia, Augusta, and Lexington pikes; made a distance of seven miles. Moved out of camp 11 a.m. on the 15th instant and reached ten miles and camped. Broke camp at 8 a.m. on the 16th instant and marched five miles in direction of Columbia and went into camp. On the 17th instant moved out in direction of Zion Church; came up to the Fourteenth Corps at the ford crossing the Saluda; halted until they had crossed, when the Saluda was crossed, and went into camp one mile from crossing; made a distance of four miles. February 18, moved out of camp at 3 p. m. ; marched nine miles and camped. Broke camp at 10 a.m. on the 19th instant; marched seven miles and camped at 1 p.m. near Broad River. On the 20th instant broke camp and moved to the pontoon bridge; were delayed in crossing by Kilpatrick's cavalry; fog very dense; crossed Broad River and camped nine miles from Winnsborough, making a distance of eight miles. Marched twelve miles on the 21st instant, passing through Winnsborough and camping three miles beyond. On the 22nd instant marched twenty miles over an extremely rough and uneven country, camping for the night near the Catawba on Wateree River. Broke camp at 6. 30 a.m. on the morning of the 23rd instant; crossed the Wateree and camped four miles beyond on the road to Chesterfield. Broke camp at 6. 30 a.m. [24th]; moved out two miles; ; ran into the Seventeenth Corps; went into camp for the night Rained nearly all day; roads very bad. Remained in camp during the 25th instant. 26th instant moved out of camp at 4 p.m. ; roads extremely bad; marched seven miles and camped two miles from Hanging Rock. On the 27th instant moved but three miles and camped. On the 28th instant mustered for pay in the morning; at 2 p.m. moved out and marched ten miles; camped near Little Lynch's Creek.

March 1, broke camp at 6. 30 a.m. ; marched sixteen miles and camped for the ction of Lancaster and Chesterfield pikes; broke

