
camp at 6. 30 on the 2nd instant; marched seventeen miles and reached Chesterfield about 3 p.m. ; camped on the banks of the Yadkin River. At 12 m. on the 3rd instant crossed the Yadkin, moved out two miles and gathered up all the supplies the men could carry, and returned to Chesterfield; joined the brigade four miles from Chesterfield and went into camp for the night. On the 4th instant broke camp at 2 p.m. ; marched eight miles and camped two miles from the Great Pedee. On the 5th instant did not break camp; broke camp on the 6th instant at 10 a.m. ; passed through Cheraw and crossed the Great Pedee River and camped four miles beyond, making thirteen miles; moved out at 7. 45 a.m. [7th]; marched fourteen miles and camped on the Wilmington and Charlotte Railroad; broke camp at 8 a.m. on the 8th instant; moved out toward McFarland's Bridge; marched fifteen mikes and camped. On the 9th instant broke camp at 7 a.m. ; marched six miles in direction of Lumber River and camped near a swamp. March 10, broke camp at 6 a.m. ; crossed Lumber River and began corduroying the road; made Rockfish Creek and camped, having marched a distance of eight miles. March 11, did not move out of camp until 11 a.m. ; made a forced March of twenty-two miles and camped near Fayetteville. March 12, did not break camp to-day; broke camp at 2 p.m. on the 13th instant; marched through Fayetteville in review order; crossed the Cape Fear River and went into camp five miles beyond. On the 14th instant lay in camp all day. On the 15th instant marched nine miles and camped near Bluff Church; had got nicely camped when orders came to March to the support of Kilpatrick's cavalry, a distance of five miles. On the 16th instant move out of camp at 7 a.m. ; in line of battle, to support the cavalry; soon became engaged with the enemy; after about one hour's skirmish were relieved by the Third Division; moved to the right and again engaged the enemy; drove the enemy from one line of works; followed them up rapidly; soon found them in another line of works; our advance was halted when a rapid fire was opened. The loss in this command was 1 commissioned officer and 26 enlisted men wounded; at 5 p.m. were relieved by the Fourteenth Army Corps; retired about 500 yards and camped. On the morning of the 17th instant found the enemy had retreated; broke camp at 10 a.m. ; marched five miles toward Goldsborough and camp. Moved out on the 18th instant at 6. 45 a.m., crossing the Black River, and made twelve miles. On the 19th marched at daybreak; found the roads very bad; about 1 p.m. came up to the Fourteenth Corps, found them hotly engaged with the enemy; were placed in position on their left; the enemy soon made a demonstration, which caused a change in our line to the rear; the enemy were soon checked, when our former position was resumed; the enemy did not make his appearance in our immediate front; the firing ceased at dark and we went into camp. On the 20th and 21st instant we remained in camp, expecting an attack, but no demonstration was made, except skirmishing at times rather heavily. On the 22nd instant found the enemy had left their works and gone. The 22nd, 23rd, and 24th were consumed in reaching this point.

I have the honor to submit the following as a summary of the operations of this command durimpaign: Miles of track destroyed, 1; horses and mules captured and turned in at different times, about 50 head; head of cattle, 30; amount of cotton captured, 318 bales; number of negroes that have followed the column, unknown. Amount of forage obtained: corn fodder, 25,000 pounds; corn, 20,000 pounds; subsistence stores sufficient to supply 300 men for 50 days.

