
I have the honor to submit the following as a list of casualties during this campaign. *

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. M. CRANE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. R. LINDSAY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 20th Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS 107TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Near Bladensburg, Md., May 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report as embracing the operations of this regiment since its departure from Goldsborough, N. C.:

On the morning of the 10th of April, 1865, broke camp at Goldsborough, N. C., and marched fourteen miles on the route and in direction of Raleigh. When out about ten miles encountered the enemy behind a swamp; one company (E) was deployed as skirmishers and sent forward under command of Lieutenant Cronkrit, in company with other details from the brigade, and soon routed them (the enemy) from behind their temporary works constructed of rails, when the main column advanced along the road by the flank. When about thirteen miles from Goldsborough the advance came up to the enemy near a creek (name unknown), where after a lively skirmish the enemy were driven away and the bridge preserved nearly entire. Having crossed this stream the regiment went into camp. Broke camp on the 11th instant at 10 a.m. ; made fifteen miles and camped about one mile out of Smithfield. 12th instant, broke camp at 6. 30 a.m. ; prior to marching received news of the surrender of General Lee's army to General Grant. This regiment was ordered to remain with the wagon train and guard it through to Raleigh; camped on the night of the 12th one mile from Smithfield, on the west side of the Neuse River. Thursday, April 13, broke camp at 7 a.m. and made sixteen miles and camped at Clayton Station, on the Goldsborough and Raleigh Railroad. On the 14th instant moved out of camp at 8 a.m. ; passed through Raleigh and joined the brigade at 12 m., making a distance of nine miles. On the 15th instant received orders to be t 6. 30 a.m. ; when the regiment was moving out of camp instructions came to remain where we were. On the 16th instant lay in camp. Remained in camp near Raleigh from the 16th to the 25th instant. On the 25th instant, at 6. 45 a.m., moved out of camp and marched in a southwest course, camping for the night at Jones' Cross-Roads, a distance of fourteen miles from Raleigh. Remained in camp at Jones' Cross-Roads during the 26th and 27th instant. On the 28th instant broke camp at 8 a.m. and returned to our old camp near Raleigh. Remained in camp on the 29th instant, preparing for our March to Richmond. Sunday, April 30, broke camp at 8 a.m. and marched through Raleigh in column by companies; made sixteen miles and camped near Tar River.

May 1, moved out of camp at 4. 30 a.m. ; made twenty miles and camped near Williamsborough. On the 2nd instant moved out of camp at 8 a.m. and made eighteen miles and went into camp. On the 3rd instant broke camp and moved out at 5. 30 a.m. Marched fifteen miles and camped one mile north of the Roanoke River. Broke camp on the

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 commissioned officer and 26 enlisted men wounded, and 1 commissioned officer and 18 enlisted men prisoners.

---------------

