
4th instant and marched twenty-four miles, camping for the night one mile north of Meherrin Creek. Broke camp on the 5th instant and made fifteen miles, camping eight miles South of Blacks and Whites. On the 6th instant broke camp at 6 a.m. ; passed through Blacks and Whites about 11 a.m. Camped for the night near Wellville, making a distance of fourteen miles. Broke camp on the 7th instant at 8 a.m. and marched to near Clover Hill, where we camped for the night, having made a distance of twenty-one miles. Left camp at 10 a.m. on the 8th instant and marched twenty miles. Went into camp on the banks of Falling Creek. On the 9th instant moved four miles and camped three miles South of Manchester. Remained in camp on the 10th instant; drew clothing and made all necessary preparations for a March to Washington. Broke camp on the 11th instant at 7 a.m. Passed through Richmond between the hours of 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. Passed through the city in review order. Went into camp on Brook Creek, seven miles north of Richmond. On the 12th instant left camp at 4. 30 a . m. and made eighteen miles, crossing the Chickahominy and camping on the north side of the South Anna River. Moved from camp at 5 a.m. on the 13th instant and camped for the night one mile South of the North Anna River, having made a distance of fifteen miles. Moved out of camp on the 14th instant and camped for the night one mile from Spotsylvania Court-House, making a distance of eighteen miles. Broke camp at 4. 30 a.m. on the 5th instant. Passed the battle-field near Spotsylvania Court-House at 6 a.m. Camped near United States Ford on the Rappahannock River, making a March of fifteen miles. Broke camp at 6 a.m. on the 16th instant and camped for the night near Mill Creek, six miles from Catlett's Station, making sixteen miles. On the 17th instant broke camp at 9 a.m. ; camped for the night two miles South of Brentsville; made thirteen miles. Broke camp on the 18th instant at 5 a.m. ; made fifteen miles and camped two miles north of Fairfax Station. Broke camp on the 19th instant and marched to near Alexandria, where the regiment went into camp by Fort Worth; made a distance of fourteen miles. Remained in camp until the 24th instant, when this regiment, as a part of the organization of the Second Brigade, First Division, Twentieth Corps, marched to Washington, where we passed in review and marched to camp near Bladensburg, Md., where we have remained to the present date.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. M. CRANE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. R. LINDSAY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 145. Reports of Colonel Alfred B. Smith, One hundred and fiftieth New York Infantry, of operations January 17-March 24 and April 10-May 24.
HDQRS. 150TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor, in compliance with circular from brigade headquarters of March 25, 1865, to make the following report of operations during the recent campaign:

January 17, broke camp at 8. 30 a.m. ; marched through the city of Savannah and crossed the Savannah River on pontoon bridges to

