
pounds flour, and 250 pounds meal. Turned over to Lieutenant Byrne 7 mules and 2 horses. Crossed Big Lynch's Creek. March 2, marched at 6. 30 a.m. ; made eighteen miles, and entered Chesterfield. March 3, marched at 3. 45 p.m. ; made four miles. Foragers brought in 600 pounds flour, 1,200 pounds meal, and 300 pounds pork. March 4, marched at 2 p.m. ; made seven miles; foraged 600 pounds pork. March 5, rested in camp all day. March 6, marched at 10 a.m. ; made fourteen miles to Cheraw. March 7, marched at 7. 45 a.m. ; made fifteen miles. March 8, marched at 7 a.m. ; made twelve miles. March 9, marched at 6. 45; made seven miles. Foragers got 600 pounds meal, 300 pounds pork. March 10, marched at 6 a.m. ; made eight miles. March 11, marched at 11. 30; made nineteen miles. Turned in to Lieutenant Byrne three mules. Reached Fayetteville at 9 p.m. ; taking a forced March. March 12, resting all day. March 13, marched at 1 p.m. ; passed in review through Fayetteville; crossed Cape Fear River; made seven miles. Foragers obtained 700 pounds meal and 400 pounds pork. March 14, resting all day; foraged 750 pounds meal. March 15, marched at 8 a.m. ; made nine miles and went into camp at Longstreet's Church at dark. Packed up at 8 p.m. and marched over a desperately bad road four miles farther to support the ched the cavalry camp at 11 p.m. March 16, marched at daylight in line of battle; skirmishers engaged all the time; One hundred and fiftieth Regiment on right of brigade; advanced one mile, driving the rebels; put up a line of works at 11 a.m. ; re-enforcements came up and we advanced half a mile farther. Our skirmishers brought in eight prisoners. Moved to the right the length of one brigade and again advanced, driving the rebels, who made an obstinate stand. After advancing in line one-quarter of a mile halted and erected works. Lieutenant David B. Sleight, a most worthy, efficient, and brave officer, was killed in the advance while at the head of his company. The regiment lost seventeen killed and wounded; made about two miles advance. March 17, marched at 9 a.m. ; made four miles to Black River. March 18, marched at 6. 50; made nine miles. March 19, marched at 5. 30 a.m. ; made six miles, and came upon the enemy strongly posted in force. The One hundred and fiftieth Regiment was detached to guard a road at 1 p.m. leading across Mill Creek to the north, and was relieved by a regiment of the Third Brigade, and marched to rejoin the brigade at 3 p.m. ; approached the rear of the column and saw the pack-mules and foragers leaving the vicinity of the white house in rear of corps headquarters in great haste and confusion; placed the regiment in position to hold two cross-roads leading to the north around our left flank. No enemy appeared, and the regiment built strong works, and was ordered to remain there until relieved, and did remain till 10 o'clock the next day, when it was relieved, and took position in line on the right of the brigade and completed the works commenced by the Eighty-second Illinois Regiment. March 20, remained in same position. Five companies, commanded by Captain Cogswell, under the immediate supervision of Colonel Hawley, went out on a reconnaissance and ascertained the position of the enemy. March 21, twice during this day the rebels advanced upon and engaged our skirmishers, and the One hundred and fiftieth was promptly in line to support them. March 22, marched at 9 a.m. ; made ten miles to Falling Creek the enemy having left our front. March 23, marched at 5. 30 a.m. ; made eleven miles, crossing the Neuse River at Cox's Bridge and getting into camp at 3 p.m. March 24, marched at 5 a.m. ; passed through Goldsborough to camp three miles north of the town.

