
at 4. 30; made fourteen miles northward. May 13, moved at 4. 30; made eighteen miles and encamped on North Anna River at 2 p.m. May 14, moved at 5 a.m. ; marched sixteen miles and encamped near Spotsylvania Court-House. May 15, moved at 4. 45 over the Spotsylvania and Chancellorsville battle-fields, and encamped on the Rappahannock River, having made seventeen miles. May 16, moved at 7. 30 a.m. ; marched sixteen miles. May 17, moved at 10 a.m. ; reached Brentsville at dark; made twelve miles. May 18, marched at 5 a.m. ; made nineteen miles, reaching Burke's Station at dark. May 19, marched at 7 a.m., reaching Cloud's Mills at sundown, having made fifteen miles, and went into camp two miles out of Alexandria. May 24, marched at 5. 30 a.m. and passed in review before the President through Washington and went into camp near Fort Saratoga. No casualties have occurred.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. SMITH,

Colonel 150th New York Volunteers.

Captain J. R. LINDSAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 146. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Stevenson, Third Wisconsin Infantry, of operations January 17-March 24 and April 10-May 24.
HDQRS. THIRD WISCONSIN VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 24, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following as the report of operations of this regiment from the departure of the command from Savannah, Ga., January 17, 1865, to the present date:

On the morning of the 17th the regiment marched with the brigade, crossing the Savannah River at the city and continuing the March until near night, camping eight miles distant from the city. January 18, marched five miles. January 19, moved to Purysburg; distance, seven miles; remained in camp until the 26th, when orders were received to resume the March, camping for the night four miles distant. January 27, marched six miles. January 28, marched eight miles. January 29, marched to Robertsville, regiment leading the division. We encountered the enemy about one mile from the village, when two companies were ordered to deploy as skirmishers and engage the enemy. The firing soon became sharp, but after a short resistance the enemy fled through the town, leaving the regiment in full possession. One prisoner was captured. The casualties in the regiment amounted to three men wounded. Distance marched, four miles.

The regiment remained in camp until February 2, when the March was again commenced; camping, distance from Robertsville, thirteen miles. February 3, marched near Lawtonville, S. C. ; distance, ten miles. February 4, marched ten miles, regiment acting as train guard. February 5, marched ten miles to near Buford's Bridge. February 6, marched ten miles, regiment guarding trains. February 7, marched seven miles; camped for the night near the Charleston and Augusta Railroad. February 8, marched four miles to Graham's Station; destroyed railroad during the day. February 9, marched toward Augusta on railroad; distance, twelve miles; camping for the night

