
at Blackville, S. C. February 10, destroyed railroad during the day. February 11, marched seven miles, crossing North Edisto River; camped one mile from River. February 12,miles. February 13, marched five miles. February 14, marched five miles. February 15, marched twelve miles, camping one mile South of Lexington. February 16, marched eight miles. February 17, marched five miles, crossing the Saluda River at 10 p.m., camping on east bank. February 18, marched eight miles. February 19, marched six miles. February 20, crossed Broad River; distance marched, seven miles. February 21, marched eleven miles, passing through Winnsborough, camping three miles east of town. February 22, marched fifteen miles, guarding trains during the day. February 23, crossed Catawba River; distance marched, three miles. February 24, marched four miles. February 25, remained in camp. February 26, marched six miles. February 27, marched five miles. February 28, marched seven miles.

March 1, 1865, marched toward Chesterfield, crossing Lynch's Creek at Farley's Ford; distance, fifteen miles. March 2, marched eighteen miles; crossed Big Black Creek, camping at Chesterfield. March 3, marched three miles. March 4, marched seven miles, regiment guarding trains. March 5, remained in camp. Regimental [inspection] found the men in bad condition, the clothing in shreds, and shoes worn out. March 6, marched thirteen miles; passed through Cheraw; crossed Great Pedee River at 8 p.m., camping on the east bank. March 7, marched fifteen miles. March 8, marched fourteen miles; regiment employed most of the day in building corduroy roads. March 9, crossed Lumber River, regiment guarding rains; distance marched, six miles; building corduroy roads part of the day. March 10, marched six miles. March 11, marched nineteen miles; camped near Fayetteville, N. C. March 12, remained in camp. March 13, crossed Cape Fear River; distance marched, five miles. March 14, remained in camp. March 15, marched fifteen miles; went into camp at Bluff Church; at 9 p.m. received orders to move; marched with the brigade over almost impassable roads to the support of the cavalry division under command of General K 16, regiment moved with the brigade in line of battle to attack the enemy, who were soon found strongly posted. The skirmishers soon became hotly engaged and after maintaining our position for several hours the regiment with the brigade was relieved by Brigadier-General Cogswell, commanding brigade of the Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, the loss amounting to twenty eight killed and wounded. During the remaining portion of the day my regiment was held in reserve without further casualties. The regiment was relieved at dark by First Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, March 18, marched nine miles. March 19, marched ten miles, drawing near the Fourteenth Army Corps, who were then engaged with the enemy. After some few changes of position indicate to hurried movements the regiment soon rested in position with the brigade on the left of the Fourteenth Army Corps, facing the west. Works were soon completed and nothing more of note transpired. The regiment remained in the same position until the 22nd of March, when the enemy retreated and our March resumed; distance, nine miles. March 23, crossed Neuse River; distance marched, thirteen miles. March 24, moved ten miles to our present position near Goldsborough, N. C.

I would respectfully include in the above report the operations of the forage detail of this regiment, numbering fifty men, under command of

