
Numbers 147. Report of Brigadier General James S. Robinson, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of operations January 17-March 24.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 27, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the services of this brigade during the late campaign:

On the 17th of January last my command crossed the Savannah River opposite Savannah, Ga. The brigade consisted at this time of six regiments as follows: Thirty-First Wisconsin Volunteers, Colonel F. H. West; Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel D. Thomson; One hundred and first Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Le Sage; Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers, Major F. H. Rolshausen, and Sixty-First Ohio Veteran Volunteers, Captain John Garrett. The regiment last named was at this time detached for special duty in the quartermaster's department at the headquarters of the Military Division of the Mississippi. It did not rejoin the command until the 10th of February. My brigade encamped during the night of the 17th about four miles beyond Screven's Ferry. Here it remained until 2 p.m. of the 18th, when its March was resumed. At 5 p.m. my command encamped on Garnett's plantation, four miles below Hardeeville. On the 19th the March was continued as far as Purysburg, which point was reached about noon of that day. My brigade remained at Purysburg until the 28th of January. The weather had become so inclement as to preclude operations until that date. In the meantime communication with Savannah was kept open, and my command was provided with some much-needed supplies. On the 28th the March was again resumed. My command encamped the ensuing night at Bradham's. On the 29th it pushed forward toward Robertsville, at which point it arrived at 1. 30 p.m. The enemy's cavalry was driven back to this point by the One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers, which had preceded the rest of my command, having gone forward to assist in repairing the road. When on the point of entering Robertsville this regiment was relieved by the Second Brigade.

My command remained at Robertsville until the 2nd of February. The March was resumed on that date, the column moving in the direction of Lawtonville. The Third Division, which led the advance, encountered the enemy's cavalry near this place during the afternoon. My brigade came up at 3. 30 p.m., and was so disposed as to cover the left flank and a portion of the train. The enemy was driven off by the Third Division, and my command encamped near Lawtonville at 6 p.m. Lieutenant Colonel E. S. Salomon, of the Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers, who had been absent on leave, here rejoined and assumed command of his regiment. The March was continued on the 3rd at 7 a.m. At 1. 30 p.m. the column reached Beech Branch Post-Office. Shortly afterward my brigade was ordered to reconnoiter the road leading to Matthews' Bluff. My command moved out this about four miles, when it was discovered that the enemy's cavalry had abandoned their camp in that vicinity on the night previous. After obtaining a considerable quantity of provisions, and burning one cotton-gin containing thirty bales of cotton, my command returned to the division and encamped near Duck Branch Post-Office. On the 4th my brigade recommenced its March, leading the division, at 8 a.m. My regiments were distributed

