
through the trains of the First and Third Divisions. The road being extremely bad my pioneer corps was kept almost constantly employed repairing it. The troops assisted as often as necessary. At 7 p.m. the command reached Smyrna, where it encamped for the night. On the 5th my brigade marched, via Allendale and Hay's Cross-Roads, to Buford's Bridge on the Big Salkehatchie. This River was crossed about noon of the 6th. The troops then moved in the direction of Barnwell, but the trains were sent by a different road, accompanying those of the Fifteenth Corps. The Eighty-second Illinois was detached to assist in guarding them. At 6. 30 p.m. my brigade encamped near the Little Salkehatchie, where it was rejoined by the Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers. My command crossed the Little Salkehatchie at 10 a.m. on the 7th. At 4. 15 p.m. it struck the South Carolina Railroad near Graham's Station. Early on the morning of the 8th my troops moved two miles above Graham's and commenced destroying the railroad. They ripped up the rails and, after having heated them by means of fires built of the ties, bent them so thoroughly as to render them useless. During the day my men effectually destroyed 2 miles of the track. They also burned 1 saw-mill, 4 cotton-gins and presses, and 140 bales of cotton. My command encamped near Graham's during the ensuing night. On the 9th my brigade marched to Blackville, which point it reached about noon, having guarded a portion of the train on the route. From Blackville it moved up the railroad as far as Ninety-six Mile Turnout, where it encamped for the night. Early on the morning of the 10th my regiments resumed the work of destroying the railroad. Commencing at Ninety-six Mile Turnout they worked westward and destroyed over two miles and a half of the track. They were assisted by the Michigan Engineers, who twisted the rails. My foragers on this day captured a considerable number of fine horses and mules and burned one cotton-mill.

At 8 a.m. on the 11th my brigade marched from Ninety-six Mile Turnout, moving in the direction of New Bridge on the South Fork on the Edisto. The brigade crossed the Edisto at this point at 5 p.m., and encamped one mile beyond. My foragers on this day obtained a considerable number of horses and mules and large quantities of provisions. My troops also burned 2 cotton-gins, 1 cotton-press, and 25 bales of cotton. On the 12th my brigade was intrusted with the care of the cavalry train, consisting of about 250 wagons. During the March my troops were distributed through the train and charged with its protection. At 6 p.m. the command reached a point near Jeffcoat's Bridge, on the North Fork of the Edisto, and there encamped. My foragers brought in a number of horses and mules and burned considerable cotton. My brigade crossed the North Fork of the Edisto at 2 p.m. on the 13th. It then moved eight miles in a northerly direction and encamped. The March was continued at 7 a.m. on the 14th. My brigade moved on this day in advance of the corps. The Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers, being my leading regiment, was sent forward as advance guard. The enemy's cavalry hovered around the front and flanks, and occasionally made a dash upon the foraging parties and stragglers. In one of these bold adventures he captured Captain Benjamin Reynolds, of the One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general upon my staff. Captain Reynolds was at the time of his capture near the road and between the corps escort and the vanguard. A detachment of hostile cavalry unexpectedly dashed upon him and carried him off before he could be rescued. At 11 a.m. my brigade reached Columbia Cross-Roads. The Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers

