
by 3 p.m. the bridge was ready for the crossing of the troops and trains. This bridge was, when completed, about 125 feet in length. The celerity with which it was constructed, considering the meagerness of the tools and materials, reflects great credit upon the officers and men who had the work in charge. My brigade crossed the Lumber in advance of the corps. It then moved two miles beyond the bridge and at 5. 30 p.m. encamped. My command marched again at 6 a.m. on the 10th in the advance of the corps. It moved on the Fayetteville road, much of which it repaired as it proceeded. At 10 a.m. it crossed Beaver Dam and at 11 Toney's Creek. Soon after crossing the stream last named I was directed to push my brigade forward to Rockfish Creek, which was reached aby 2 p.m. This stream was found to be much swollen by the recent rains and required a long bridge. My pioneer corps, under Lieutenant Charles H. Tinker, was put to work in constructing an approach. This work was completed by nightfall and my command encamped near the crossing. My brigade remained in this encampment until 11. 30 a.m. on the 11th, unexpectedly, an order wash forward to Fayetteville unencumbered with trains. My troops moved immediately and were all over Rockfish Creek by noon. The column moved very rapidly and at 3 p. m. crossed Puppy Creek at Lamont's Mill. At 7 p.m. my brigade crossed Little Rockfish Creek and soon afterward struck a plank road leading directly to Fayetteville. The road, which had previously been extremely troublesome, was now as good as could be desired. At 11 p.m. my command encamped near the plank road two miles from Fayetteville.

There was no further movement of my command until the 13th, when it marched in review down the principal street of Fayetteville, and encamped on the farther side of the town. On the following day it crossed the Cape Fear River about noon, and, moving about three miles from the bridge, encamped. On the 15th my brigade marched again at 8 a.m., pursuing the road to Kyle's Landing. Only the ammunition and headquarters wagons accompanied the troops. The remainder of the train was put in charge of the Second Division. The road being good, the column moved rapidly, and at 4 p.m. my brigade reached Silver Run, where it encamped. It was again on the March by 7 a.m. on the 16th. Much rain had fallen and the weather was damp and cloudy. The road was very troublesome, yet the troops withal moved rapidly. At 9 a.m. cannonading was heard at the front, indicating that the enemy had been encountered. By 10 o'clock my command reached the locality where the Second Brigade, sent forward the evening previous, had already been engaged with the enemy. I immediately put my troops in position, as directed, on the right of the Second Brigade. I formed my regiments in two lines, three being in front and three in reserve. My skirmishers handsomely drove in those of the enemy, and the entire command moved forward about half a mile, changing front while doing so. A new position was thus assumed, and my brigade awaited the advance of the troops on its left. Meanwhile the First Brigade moved up on my right, and while doing so encg force of the enemy in the act of turning my flank. Fortunately this design was thwarted, and the enemy seemed to withdraw a considerable distance from my front. A new line was now formed, and the advance recommenced at 2 p.m. My formation was the same as before-three regiments in front and three in reserve. My regiments moved forward in excellent order about one mile. The

