
Illinois and One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers, back about half a mile to go into position supporting Colonel Hawley's brigade, which was covering the left flank. Thus I had but the three regiments remaining which have been mentioned as being on the front line. My line as thus situated was between a portion of Carlin's division, Fourteenth Army Corps, on its right, and another portion of the same division on its left, but formed no connection on either flank, as I had not troops enough to fill the vacancy. Neither did I find any skirmish line in front of that portion of Carlin's line occupied by my command. Furthermore, Carlin's line on my left, instead of being refused was thrown forward, which seems to me was a most dangerous and unfortunate arrangement, as it rendered it much more easy to be flanked than it ought to have been. In my front was a small ravine easily crossed, and beyond an open field, containing on its farther side a group of buildings. In my rear was a dense pine forest, along the outer edge of which my line extended.

Having no intrenching tools, my men were compelled to build their breast-works by means of their hatchets. They had, nevertheless, succeeded in erecting a respectable shelter from the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters, when it was reliably reported to me that the enemy was advancing his skirmish line, apparently with the intention of obtaining possession of the buildings in the field, and from thence the elevated ground extending to the left and covering my position. I ordered a strong skirmish line to be pushed forward immediately to forestall the enemy in this purpose, if possible. No sooner had my skirmishers begun to deploy than they seemed to be discovered, and were fired upon. They were, however, gallantly pushed forward by Lieutenant George Lyman, of the Thirty-First Wisconsin Volunteers, who was at this time in command of the line. Lieutenant Lyman quickly led his men across the open field and obtained possession of the buildings before mentioned. By this time the firing became very lively, and the fact was developed that the enemy was advancing in force. The firing rolled to the left, and soon grew heavy in Carlin's front. My skirmishers now began to fall back, losing many of their number in killed, wounded, and captured. The enemy now appeared in strong force in my front, and as soon as my skirmishers had come in my main line opened fire. Up to this time no other idea pervaded my command than that of holding their position; but in a few minutes it became apparent that the troops on my left were being driven back in great disorder. This permitted the enemy to come directly in upon my left flank and rear, and left me no alternative but to withdraw my regiments or have them captured. The line was held until to have remained upon it longer would have been madness. I therefore reluctantly gave the command to fall back, which was done in good order. My three regiments withdrew under cover of the thick woods, and reformed their line about a quarter of a mile farther to the rear. The One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers having now returned to me I ordered it to form on the left of the new line. The left of this regiments rested in an open field and had no connection with any other command. About 400 yards farther to the left was the Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers, on the right of Colonel Hawley's line, thus leaving a vacancy of that distance between these two regiments. The right of the line rested in the woods on the Cox's Bridge road, and afterward connected with the left of Fearin's left of Fearin's brigade of the Fourteenth Corps.

My new line had hardly been formed until it was assailed by the enemy. He again attempted to turn my left and to force his way

