
our road. Remained in the same camp next day and marched on the 26th about six miles toward Hanging Rock. On the 27th we changed camp, and on the 28th we marched about eight miles, helping the wagon train along the road, the weather being very bad. We pitched our camp at 4 o'clock, and at 6 o'clock I received orders to March immediately to Lynch's Creek, about eleven miles from our camp, to secure the bridge across the creek, and to hold it until the corps arrived. I marched rapidly and arrived at the bridge at 10. 30 p.m. ; it was a substantial and new bridge. The corps crossed the next day. The regiment joined the brigade when it crossed the bridge and marched five miles to where the brigade camped. Here I received orders again to March to Black Creek bridge, about three miles, and secure and hold it. I arrived at the bridge at 6 p.m. and guarded it until the corps arrived the next day.

On the 2nd of March we marched to Chesterfield Court-House, where our advance guard had a lively skirmish with the enemy, driving him through the town and across the bridges, which he partly burned behind him. On the 3rd of March we passed through Chesterfield again and crossed Thompson's Creek by wading it (the bridge having not been repaired yet), and camped about two miles on the north side of the creek. We left camp at 4 p.m. on the 4th; had to cross a bad swamp, and arrived three miles from the Great Pedee, where we camped late in the evening. We rested on the 5th, and on the 6th marched to Cheraw; passed through the town, crossed the River on a pontoon bridge, and marched four miles through a swamp on the east side of the River and arrived in camp at 2 a.m. on the 7th of March. We left camp at 7 o'clock the same morning and marched about fifteen miles, when we struck the railroad, where we camped. At 7 o'clock on the 8th of March we started, and, our brigade being in front, we marched to Lumber River, about twenty-two miles, crossing three deep ponds and several swamps. The regiment assisted in building the bridge across the River; crossed on the 9th and camped one mile from the River. The rain poured down in torrents all night and next day while we marched ten miles farther, fixing the road on our March, and camped for the night near Rockfish Creek. On the 11th at about noon we crossed the bridge and marched, unencumbered by wagons, toward the Fayetteville plank road, which we struck at about 8 p.m. ; we marched about eight miles on the plank road and camped three miles from Fayetteville. We remainder in our camp on the 12th; the troops were notified that the general commanding the army had communication, by the Cape Fear River, with our forces at Wilmington, and, for the first time on the campaign, our soldiers were enabled to send letters home. In the afternoon of the 13th we marched through Fayetteville, passing in review before General Sherman. We remained near the River all night and crossed the bridge at 2 p. m. on the 14th; marched three miles and camped for the night. On the 15th we marched about eight miles and camped near Taylor's Creek. On the 16th of March we crossed the creek and heard cannonading in our front. The road was very bad, leading through a swamp, and men and horses had to wade knee-deep through the mud. About noon we came up with the Second Brigade of our division and the cavalry near Black River. They were skirmishing with the enemy. You then ordered me to form my regiment in line of battle, my left connecting with the right of the Second Brigade, and to throw skirmishers to my front to relieve the skirmishers of the cavalry. These orders were immediately executed, and when the line of the entire brigade was formed we moved forward with the

