
dicular and a little to the right with my front. I saw the enemy attack the lines several times, and whenever I had an opportunity I fired by battalion into his right flank. These volleys had a very good effect, as I was told afterward by several prisoners. The enemy tried several times to flank us, but several regiments of the Fourteenth Corps having formed on my left and the Second Brigade on my right we held our position. After dark the enemy fell back, leaving his dead and wounded on the battle-field. The next morning I was relieved by the One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, of the Second Brigade, and report to you.

We remained in reserve on the 20th, and on the 21st marched forward to the same position the brigade had occupied on the 19th. here we were ordered to build rifle-pits, but before the works were completed we were ordered back to our old position in reserve. On the 22nd we found that the enemy had evacuated their works in our front. We left our position and marched toward Cox's Bridge, on the Neuse River, where we arrived on the 23rd of March, at 2 p.m. ; after crossing several nearly impassable swamps. We crossed the River on a pontoon bridge and camped about three miles from the same. At 1 a.m. I was ordered to send all my pack animals forward; the officers had to strike their tents, and in the morning at 6 o'clock we marched to Goldsborough. We passed through the town in review before General Sherman, and arrived at our present camp at 1 p.m.

On the whole campaign the men had to live on the country. Most of the time plenty of forage was obtained, but a portion of the country we marched through was very poor, and the men could hardly get as much as they needed. Some of my men suffered severally for the want of shoes; but, in spite of all the hardships, privations, and dangers which the men had to encounter, they remained in good spirits and were always ready to their duty. I have to mention the conduct of my officers and men on the 19th of March. The officers assisted me greatly in rallying the troops of the Fourteenth Corps, and under very trying circumstances they, as well as the men of my command, obeyed and executed my orders with the greatest coolness and determination.

On the campaign my regiment captured 8 rebels (of which 5 were captured on the 19th of March), 30 horses, and 45 mules; about 60,000 pounds of corn and 30,000 pounds of fodder were obtained. The regiment burned several cotton gins and presses in South Carolina and destroyed about two miles of railroad.

The regiment lost on the campaign 2 men killed, 1 officer and 8 men wounded, and 6 men missing. The missing were lost on foraging parties.

Annexed to this report is a nominal list of casualties. *

The regiment is now in camp two miles and a half from Goldsborough, on the Welsting from the arduous labors, fatiguing marches, and victorious battles in which it participated, and in accordance with orders preparing for a new campaign.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDW. S. SALOMON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Eighty-second Illinois Infantry.

Brigadier General J. S. ROBINSON,

Commanding Third Brigadier, First Div., Twentieth Army Corps.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 enlisted men killed, 1 commissioned officer and 8 enlisted men wounded, and 6 enlisted men missing.

---------------

