HDQRS. EIGHTY-SECOND Regiment ILLINOIS VOL. INFANTRY,Near Washington, D. C., May 29, 1865.

GENERAL: Of the operations of this command since the army left Goldsborough, N. C., up to date, I have the honor to submit the following report:

Having had orders two days previous to prepare for a campaign, we started on the morning of the 10th of April from our camp-ground on the Weldon railroad; marched through Goldsborough, N. C., toward Raleight, N. C. Toward evening of the same day our advance encountered some rebel cavalry, a nearly impassable swamp being between our and the rebel line. Their resistance was for a short time obstinate, but after the infantry had got into position and our skirmish line was ordered to advance the enemy retreated; we crossed the swamp and encamped for the night fifteen miles from Goldsborough. On the 11th of April, at daybreak, the regiment struck camp and after continued marches arrived at Raleigh, N. C., on the 13th of April. Two days before our arrival in Raleigh it was officially communicated to us that the rebel General Lee had surrendered to Lieutenant-General Grant. The news was received with the greatest manifestation of joy by the troops and all were eager for an opportunity to meet Johnston's army and sure of success.

At Raleigh we pitched camp, and on the 16th of April were officially informed that General Sherman was negotiating with General Johnston and that hostilities had been suspended. The news was received with cheers by the troops and everybody was anticipating an early peace and return to their homes when, on the next day, the terrible news of the assassination of our beloved President created a feeling of hatred and revenge in the heart of every soldier.

On the 24th of April we received orders to March to Jones' Cross-Roads. The next morning at daybreak we started accordingly, expecting that hostilities would be resumed the same day. We went into camp near the cross-roads; remained there thee days, then marched back to Raleigh, and there were informed that Johnston had surrendered. We remained in camp until the 30th of April, when we started for home by way of Richmond and Washington. After very hard and fatiguing marches we arrived before Richmond on the 9th of May, having marched 162 miles in ten days. On the 11th of May we resumed our March for Washington, passing through the city of Richmond. On the 15th of May we passed over the battle fields of Spotsylvania Court-Huse and Chancellorsville, Va. On the 16th we crossed the Rappahannock at United States Ford, and on the 19th we arrived at Alexandria, Va., where we went into camp.

On the 24th we participated in the grand review of General Sherman's army before the President and Lieutenant-General Grant, and then marched to our present camp, where we are now making preparations to be mustered out of service.

I have the honor to sign, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

EDW. S. SALOMON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Brigadier General JAMES S. ROBINSON,

Commanding Third Brigade.

43 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

