
Numbers 149. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel John B. Le Sage, One hundred and first Illinois Infantry, of operations January 17-March 25 and April 10-May 24.
HEADQUARTERS 101ST REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the regiment under my command during the campaign that has just ended so gloriously:

The regiment marched from Savannah, Ga., on the 17th of January, crossed the River, and on the 19th encamped near Purysburg, S. C., where it remained until the 28th, when it marched in the direction of Robertsville, S. C., where it arrived on the next day, and there encamped.

On the 2nd of February it moved from Robertsville in the direction of Lawtonville and marched on the 3rd, 4th, and 5th to Buford's Bridge. On the 4th the regiment was on duty guarding a road during the passage of the division. On the 6th and 7th it was again on the March, reaching Graham's Turnout, on the Charleston and Augusta Railroad, on the evening of the 7th. On the 8th, 9th, and 10th it was engaged in tearing up railroad at various points between Graham's Turnout and Ninety-six Mile Turnout; on the 11th marched and crossed the South Fork of the Edisto River, and on the 12th reached the North Fork, which it crossed next day, and on the 14th, 15th, and 16th marched near Lexington Court-House, within a few miles of Columbia, S. C. On the 18th crossed the Saluda River, where the regiment and the Sixty-First Ohio Veteran Volunteers were ordered to guard the taking up of the pontoon bridge, which was done safely, and then we rejoined the column and on the next day marched to Broad River, which we crossed on the 20th, and on the 21st marched through Winnsborough, and on the 22nd reached the Catawba River at Rocky Mount, which we crossed on the 23rd, and on the 24th marched about seven miles. On the 25th did not March. February 26, 27, 28, and March 1 and 2 marched to Chesterfield Court-House, but was not engaged in the skirmish which took place.

March 3, forded the creek and took possession of the rebel works on the Cheraw road, and on the 4th marched to within three miles of Sneedsborough, where we remained next day, and on the 6th marched to Cheraw and crossed the Great Pedee River, and on the 7th marched to the Wilmington and Charlotte Railroad. On the 8th marched to Downing's Creek, where the brigade built a bridge and crossed next day, and on the 10th Rockfish Creek, and on the 11th arrived near Fayetteville. On the 14th left Fayetteville and crossed the Cape Fear River and moved about five miles on the Raleigh road. On the 15th marched within ten miles of Averasborough on the Raleigh road, and on the 16th was engaged with the enemy at Smith's farm, losing 1 severely and 2 slightly wounded. On the 17th and 18th marched on the Goldsborough road, and on the 19th, while marching along near Bentonville, the regiment was stationed on the Smithfield road to guard it while the division was passing, where it remained until relieved by the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, when it promptly marched forward toward where the booming of the cannon announced the presence of the enemy. Rejoining the brigade the regiment was placed in the reserve line, where it remained during the battle, sustaining no loss. During the day, however, a foraging party, consisting of

