
Captain William R. Seymour, of Company H, and eleven men, were captured by the rebel cavalry. On the 20th and 21st remained in the same position, and on the 22nd, 23rd, and 24th marched to Goldsborough, where it went into camp on the 25th.

During the campaign the regiment has captured, as nearly as I can estimate, some 20 head of horses and 20 head of mules, burned 100 bales of cotton and 10 cotton-gins, and tore up about a mile and a half of railroad, and has lived almost entirely off the country. It is impossible to ascertain anything in regard to the amount of forage, as no records have been kept and as the officer who commanded the foraging party was captured.

In conclusion, I beg leave to return my thanks to the officers and men of the regiment for their uniform good conduct, soldiery bearing, and cheerful obedience to orders, wherever they have been placed.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. LE SAGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain A. E. LEE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS 101ST ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Near Washington City, May 27, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the regiment under my command during operations from Goldsborough, N. C., to this point:

The regiment marched from Goldsborough on the 10th of April and encamped about fourteen miles from Goldsborough, and on the 11th marched about thirteen miles and encamped at Smithfield. 12th, crossed Neuse River and encamped near Swift Creek. On the 13th marched and encamped at Raleigh, N. C., where we were encamped until the 25th, when we marched about twelve miles and encamped near Jones' Cross-Roads, where we remained in camp until the 28th, when we marched back to Raleigh and occupied our old camp, where we remained until the 30th, when we broke up camp and marched about fifteen miles en route for Richmond, Va.

May 1, marched fifteen miles and encamped near Tar River. May 2, marched about twenty-two miles and camped beyond Oxford. May 3, marched about eighteen miles and crossed the Roanoke River, and camped on the north bank. May 4, marched twenty-two miles and camped on the north bank of the Meherrin River. May 5, marched to the South bank of the Nottoway River. May 6, marched fifteen miles to Wellville Station, on the South Side Railroad. May 7, crossed Appomattox River and encamped near Clover Hill. May 8, marched fifteen miles to Falling Creek. May 9, marched to within four miles of Richmond. May 10, remained in camp. May 11, marched through Manchester and Richmond and encamped four miles of Richmond. May 12, marched through Ashland and encamped on the north bank of the South Anna; marched twenty miles. May 13, marched fifteen miles and encamped on the South bank of the North Anna River. May 14, crossed the North Anna and encamped near Spotsylvania Court-House. May 15, marched and encamped on the South bank of the Rapphannock River. May 16, 17, and 18 marched in the direction of Alexandria, passing through Brentsville, about noon on the 18th crossed Bull Run and encamped in a mile of Fairfax Court-House. May 19, marched

