
to within three miles of Alexandria, where we remained in camp until the 24th, when we passed through Washington City and arrived at our present camp.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. LE SAGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain A. E. LEE, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 150. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General Horace Boughton, One hundred and forty-third New York Infantry, of operations April 10-May 29.
HEADQUARTERS 143rd NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,May 29, 1865.,

In compliance with orders from headquarters Third Brigade, First Division, Twentieth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this command from the time of leaving Goldsborough, N. C., to the present date:

Left Goldsborough, N. C., on the morning of the 10th day of April, 1865, and marched with the brigade to Raleigh, N. C., where we arrived on the 13th of April; left Raleigh on the 25th of April and marched with the brigade to Jones' Cross-Roads; returned to Raleigh on the 27th [28th], and on the 29th [30th] of the same month took up the line of March to Alexandria, Va., where we arrived on the 19th of May.

On the 23rd [24th] day of May we left Alexandria and marched through Washington, passing in review, and encamped at this place.

The casualties in this regiment since leaving Goldsborough, N. C., have been seven men captured while foraging near Raleigh, N. C., on the 14th day of April, 1865, two of whom have returned to the regiment and the remaining five have been sent to Parole Camp at Annapolis, Md.

The whole number of rations drawn during the time, that is from April 10, 1865, to the present date, is forty-five days'; the balance has been foraged from the country.

Respectfully submitted.

HORACE BOUGHTON,

Colonel 143rd New York Volunteer Infantry, and Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Captain A. E. LEE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 151. Report of Major James S. Crall, Eighty-second Ohio Infantry, of operations January 17-March 24.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-SECOND OHIO VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 27, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command during the recent campaign:

During the campaign just ended the Eighty-second Regiment has destroyed 2 miles of railroad, captured 113 mules, 92 horses, and 7 head of cattle. I have also destroyed 646 bales of cotton and 13 cotton-gins and 11 cotton-presses.

