
I have captured 25,150 pounds of meat, 7,760 pounds of flour, 4,952 pounds of corn meal, 50 bushels of sweet potatoes, 16 gallons of molasses. I also captured and destroyed 60 Enfield rifles.

The regimental foraging parties have captured in all 25 prisoners. In the engagement of the 16th instant it lost in wounded 8, and on the 19th its loss in killed was 1, in wounded 11, and in missing its loss was 13, 6 of whom have since returned.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES S. CRALL,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain ALFRED E. LEE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 152. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General Stephen J. McGroarty, Eighty-second Ohio Infantry, of operations April 10-May 29.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-SECOND OHIO VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,Near Washington, D. C., May 29, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters I have the honor to transmit report of operations of my command since leaving Goldsborough, N. C.:

On the 10th day of April, 1865, the Eighty-second Regiment, composing a part of the Third Brigade, under command of Major James S. Crall, left Goldsborough in pursuit of Lieutenant-General Johnston; marched a distance of fifteen miles and encamped. On the 11th, after marching fifteen miles, the regiment arrived near Smithfield. On the 12th crossed the Neuse River. On the 13th, the regiment arrived at Raleigh, N. C., where it remained in camp until the 22nd [25th]. On that day the command marched in a northwest direction a distance of eleven miles, where it remained in camp two days, then returned to Raleigh, encamped one day, then started en route for Richmond, Va.

On the 30th the regiment reached and crossed Neuse River, and on the 2nd of May crossed Tar River. On the 3rd passed through Williamsborough and crossed the State line into Virginia; crossed the Roanoke River. May 6th, arrived at Blacks and Whites Station. On the 7th crossed Appomattox River; arrived in the vicinity of Richmond on the 9th; remained in camp one day, when I arrived at and took command of the regiment. On the 11th crossed James River and passed through Richmond, Va., in review. On the 12th we passed Ashland Station and crossed the Chickahominy and South Anna Rivers. The 13th crossed Little River. The 14th crossed North Anna River and arrived near Spotsylvania Court-House; passed through the latter place on the 15th, and camped near the Rappahannock River, crossing the River next day. On the 18th crossed Bull Run and passed Fairfax Station. May 19, arrived in camp near Alexandria, Va. ; remained in camp until the morning of the 24th, when the regiment marched to and passed through Washington, D. C., in review, and then marched to its present place of encampment.

S. J. McGROARTY,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. E. LEE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, First Div., 20th Army Corps.

