
drawing under the cover of night. My regiment was in the front line during the day, and I have to regret the loss of 2 men killed and 10 wounded. During the engagement the officers and men behaved with great coolness and bravery.

Leaving here on the 17th we arrived at noon on the 19th near Bentonville, where we found the Fourteenth Corps hotly pressed by the whole combined force of the enemy. Our brigade being in advance General Robinson at once moved my regiment, together with the Sixty-First and Eighty-second Ohio, into position in a gap left in the lines of the Fourteenth Corps, we being immediately to the left of the main road, which seemed to be they key to our whole position. We were scarcely in line before the brigades of the Fourteenth Corps that were on our left fell back precipitately, leaving the rebel columns to pass entirely past our left, which made it necessary for us to retire a short distance and change front at the same time, which we did under very heavy fire, General Robinson himself carrying the brigade colors and leading us rapidly into position so as to again face the enemy's front, when we were furiously assailed by the enemy repeatedly until dark, our men steadily repulsing them at every assault, when under the cover of darkness they abandoned the field.

It was noticed that my men fired with great coolness and precision during the conflict, and I was greatly gratified at the gallantry displayed by my officers, very conspicuous among whom for coolness, bravery by my officers, very conspicuous among whom for coolness, bravery, and efficiency, were Lieutenant Colonel George D. Rogers, Adjt. J. F. Sudduth, and Lieutenant Byron Hewitt, commanding Company H. On this occasion we mourn the loss of 10 killed, 30 wounded, and 20 missing. The missing were men that were sent forward as skirmishers, immediately before the flank movement of the enemy, and must have all been killed or captured as it was impossible for them to return.

Peter Anderson, a private of Company B, deserves some special consideration for his judgment and during in bringing from the field a piece of artillery belonging to the Fourteenth Corps that had been abandoned by its men as the enemy came down their flank. Anderson, entirely unassisted, drove the team out with his ramrod and saved the gun from falling into the enemy's hands.

The 20th was spent in caring for the wounded and burying the dead. On the 21st we were again placed in the front line, but with the exception of a little skirmishing were not enttle, a battle that compelled the enemy to retire and left us a clear road to Goldsborough, where we arrived on the 24th of March, having been out sixty-five days, having marched in the time nearly 500 miles, crossing many rivers and innumerable swamps, rendered much worse by almost constant rains, which made it necessary to timber or corduroy the roads a great share of the way in order to get our trains over. My men came in good health, but much exhausted by long fatigue, and their clothing was in a very dilapidated condition, some of the men being barefooted and all very ragged.

During the campaign the regiment captured 31 horses and 48 mules, burned 10 cotton-gins, and 500 bales of cotton; captured 3 officers (lieutenants) and 20 men from the enemy. I am unable to give the amount of railroad destroyed. The animals were entirely subsisted from the country and also the men, except one-quarter rations of hard bread and one-third rations of sugar and coffee were issued for the whole time (except for twelve days that no issues were made). A very little pepper and salt was also issued.

