
The entire casualties during the campaign have been 12 killed, 40 wounded, 20 missing in action, and 5 captured while foraging; 3 have deserted.

After having a little rest the regiment will be in fine condition for further service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. H. WEST,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain ALFRED E. LEE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, First Div., 20th Corps.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-FIRST WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS,Near Washington, D. C., May 27, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance of Circular 112, brigade headquarters, 26th instant, I have the honor to make the following report of operations of this regiment since leaving Goldsborough, N. C.:

The regiment marched from Goldsborough April 10, 1865, on Raleigh road, in northwestern direction. About 12 m. on this day, and after marching, say twelve miles, the First Division, leading, encountered a small force of the enemy. The regiment was here formed in line of battle, with the brigade, and moved forward across an extensive plantation. After some skirmishing with the enemy by the troops in advance they retired without engagement. Nothing of interest occurred on March to Raleigh, where the regiment arrived on the 13th of April. The regiment remained in camp near Raleigh until April 25, when it marched to Jones' Cross-Roads, about thirteen miles southwest of Raleigh. The regiment remained here until the 28th of April, when, Johnston having surrendered to General Sherman, it returned to Raleigh. On the 30th of April the regiment left Raleigh on March homeward, and on the 9th of May arrived in vicinity of Manchester, Va.

May 11, the regiment marched toward Alexandria, Va., passing through the city of Richmond this day, arriving in the vicinity of Alexandria on the 19th instant. Here the regiment remained in camp till the 24th instant, when it marched through Washington, D. C., in review, to this present [encampment].

I have no casualties to report in the regiment since leaving Goldsborough, N. C.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. H. WEST

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain A. E. LEE, A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 154. Reports of Bvt. Major General John W. Geary, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations January 19-March 25 and April 10-May 24.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 26, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division from December 21, 1864, the date of the occupation of Savannah, until March 24, 1865, when we reached Goldsborough:

From the 21st of December, 1864, until the 19th of January, 1865, this command was encamped in the city of Savannah performing garrison

