
My ammunition train contained 504,000 rounds of infantry ammunition, being an allowance of over 100 rounds per man, besides forty rounds pre man in cartridge-boxes.

Each brigade had its pioneer company of about thirty men; also a tool wagon loaded with axes, spades, and picks. My quartermaster had with the trains a colored pioneer company of seventy-five men.

January 27, at 8 a.m. we marched, leaving Savannah by the Augusta turnpike, having in charge, besides my own train, the headquarters trains of the Left Wing and corps supply, and artillery ammunition trains, making in all about 300 vehicles. Sloan's battery and two regiments of the First Division, the Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers and Sixty-First Ohio Volunteers, which had been left behind, also reported to me. The morning was bitterly cold and the roads were frozen hard; these thawed a little during the day and the ground broke up, rendering their condition very bad; encamped at 3 p.m. twelve miles from the city; my trains got into camp by dark. January 28, moved at 6 a.m., following the Augusta road four miles, then turned to the left on the McCall road, striking the Middle Ground road near McLeod's saw-mill; followed this road until within three miles and a half of Springfield, where we encamped at 2 p.m. on the plantation of Widow Bird; weather very cold, thawing a little in the middle of the day; roads in bad condition, requiring considerable corduroying; distance, fourteen miles. January 29, moved at 6. 30 a.m., passed through Springfield, forded Jack's Creek, and about one mile beyond turned to the right, on the Sister's Ferry road; crossed a bad swamp at Ebenezer Creek, which required much corduroying to make it passable, and encamped at 2 p.m. on the plantation of Judge Mallette, three miles from Sister's Ferry, the Fourteenth Corps being encamped a short distance ahead of me; weather still cold, but slightly moderating; distance, twelve miles. January 30, the pontoon bridge at the ferry was laid down to-day; on the other side of the Savannah River the country is low and swampy and was at this time submerged, the road for two miles being under water, which in some places was twelve feet deep; the water was falling; all the pioneers and axmen of my command were detailed making corduroy road through this swamp. January 31, remained in camp; heavy details at work on the road across the River; a number of torpedoes were found embedded in the road; some of these exploded; all others that could be found were carefully removed. The work on the road was one of the greatest difficult on account of the depth of the water in the sloghts and over the surface of the country generally and of danger on account of the torpedoes; weather warm and clear; water in the Savannah River gradually falling.

February 1 and 2, no change in position; work continued daily on the road; difficulties increase-the water becoming deeper as we progress; weather clear and pleasant. February 3, Kilpatrick's cavalry commenced crossing the bridge this evening; moved my wagon train to the bank of the River late at night. February 4, moved my command at daylight to the River. By 10 a.m. the cavalry train was out of my way and my command commenced crossing. The rain ceased about 9 a.m. ; the roads were in terrible condition. Crossed without serious delay and filled my supply train and the haversacks of the men at the temporary depot established at the upper landing, two miles above the pontoon bridge. Selfridge's brigade, of the First Division, which was here guarding the depot, reported to me for the March to rejoin the corps. I was also ordered to take General Kilpatrick's cavalry train of 250 wagons through from this point with my command.

