
too deep to be waded. My troops held both ends of the bridge and a small earth-work was thrown up. At dark the firing ceased and the battalion of First Michigan Engineers, which had been obliged to cease working a the bridge during the afternoon, on account of the raking fire, resumed work. The weather to-day was clear and cold; roads were good; distance, twelve miles. February 13, by 1 a.m. the bridge was repaired. I immediately sent forward skirmishers and found that the enemy had retired from their position of last night. By daylight my First and Second Brigades had crossed and my Third Brigade followed closely. My skirmishers met those of the enemy intrenched at a bridge across a mill stream three-quarters of a mile from the River, and after a sharp encounter drove them and captured their works. At a fork of the road just beyond the enemy attempted to stand behind rail barricades, but were quickly driven from them. Here I halted and gave my troops an opportunity to breakfast, having received orders to allow the Third and First Division to pass me, and with my division to bring forward the rear of the train from this point to the encampment four miles ahead on the direct Columbia road. I reached the camp with the rear of the train at 11 p.m. The country north of the North Edisto becomes more rolling, with many quite steep hills. The soil continues sandy, and is poorly cultivated; weather cold; distance, six miles. Casualties in my division at the crossing of North Edisto at Jeffcoat's Bridge: Killed, enlisted men, 3; wounded, commissioned officer, 1 ; enlisted men, 9; total, commissioned officer, 1; enlisted men, 12.

February 14, marched at 8 a.m., my division in the center, guarding its own trains and those of the First Division, which led the March. Our route was by the direct Columbia road to its intersection by the Orangeburg and Lexington roads, where we turned to the left toward Lexington and encamped at the intersection of this road with that leading from Columbia to Augusta via Horsey's Bridge. Weather cold and rainy; roads good; soil sandy and poor; country settled by poor whites; forage scanty; distance, seven miles. February 15, my division, disencumbered, leading the corps; marched at 7 a.m., following the Lexington road. Near Congaree Creek we met a portion of the enemy's cavalry and drove them rapidly across the creek, where we found the bridge burned and a dismounted force holding the crossing, being sheltered behind along breast-work at the other end of the bridge. The sides of the creek were swampy, with the dense thickets, and the stream was four or five feet deep. My skirmishers penetrated the thicket to the stream; a few of them waded it, and while they gained the enemy's rear another portion charged directly on the bridge, which was thus gained without any loss on our part. It was quickly rebuilt with poles and rails, and we marched rapidly forward. Lively skirmishing with the rebel cavalry continued during the remainder of the day, my skirmishers meeting them at every ravine and hill and driving them on the run so rapidly that the main column could not keep up. At Red Bank Creek the enemy attempted to destroy the bridge, but were not allowed time to complete their work. Within two miles of Lexington (where the Two-Notch road crosses the one on which we were moving) the rebel cavalry attempted to make a fight for the possession of the cross-road, but my skirmishers pouring in a volley and charging on the run with loud cheers, the cavalry scattered in the utmost confusion, the most of them taking the direction toward Columbia. Here the corps encamped, my advance reaching this point at 2 p.m. At 4 p.m., in compliance with orders then received, I sent Bar-

