
River; distance, five miles. February 20, my division in the center marched at 2 p.m., following the First Division; crossed Broad River on a long pontoon bridge at Freshly's Mill and moved forward toward Winnsborough. A short distancewe crossed the Abbeville railroad, which is a cheap structure of stringer track and strap rail. Following a very miry and unfrequented road through woods and fields, we forded Little River, a deep, rapid stream thirty yards in width, and at Colonel Gibson's house entered a main road to Winnsborough. Here, turning to our left, we moved forward on this road, which we found an excellent one, through a very hilly country, and encamped within nine miles of Winnsborough. The country on our route to-day was a rich one, and forage and supplies were plentiful. The soil was a good, rich loam, with subsoil of yellow or red clay; distance, seven miles. February 21, the division in advance, disencumbered, marched at 6. 30 a.m. toward Winnsborough, which we reached without opposition at 11 a.m. When within two miles of the town I saw heavy smoke arising from it, and double-quicked my two advance regiments in order to reach it in time to arrest the conflagration. This we effected with much labor, my troops performing the part of fireman with great efficiency. About one square was burned before the fire could be arrested. These were sent to their commands, and Brevet Brigadier-General Pardee, with his brigade, was directed to occupy the town, while my two other brigades commenced destroying the railroad northward three miles and a half of which they destroyed most effectually during the afternoon, burning the ties and other timbers and twisting every rail. Winnsborough is a pretty town of about 2,500 population, the seat of justice for Fairfield District. Among its residents were many refugees from Charleston. The surrounding country is well farmed and furnished abundance of supplies, which were brought in by our foraging parties; distance to-day, nine miles.

February 22, my Second and Third Brigades continued destroying the railroad track toward White Oak Station. Pardee's brigade remained on duty in Winnsborough until the rear of the army had passed through at 4. 30 p.m., when we left the town by the road toward Rocky Mount Post-Office. During our occupation of Winnsborough the best of order was preserved and private property protected. Lieutenant General Wade Hampton, commanding the enemy's cavalry forces, had left with the mayor a note pledging his word that any men of our army who might be left in the town as safeguards after the departure of the main forces should be protected from arrest or injury if overtaken by any of this troops. At the urgent request of the mayor and citizens I left two mounted men from my provost guard. The citizens of the town, after our departure, organized themselves under these two men, drove out a few stragglers from our army who came into the place, and preserved good order and security in the town until a detachment of Butler's rebel cavalry entered the town the next morning, who showed my men every courtesy in their power. When the two guards left the people of the town crowded around them to express their gratitude. The men rejoined me safely the next morning. The incident was a very remarkable one in the midst of such a campaign as that of our army through South Carolina. After leaving Winnsborough I marched with Pardee's brigade to Wateree Church, where, according to orders sent to them, my Second and Third Brigades joined me. There we encamped for the night, near Morgan's division, Fourteenth Corps. The amount of railroad track thoroughly destroyed

