
Hanging Rock Creek by a good ford with smooth, rocky bottom, and encamped two miles beyond on Rawlings' farm. The soil continues treacherous and full of quicksands; distance, three miles. February 28, at 6. 30 a.m., marched disencumbered in advance of the corps toward Little Lynch's Creek, which we crossed on a good bridge, and encamped at noon near Clyburn's Store. My division, in the advance, corduroyed a great part of the road for the trains. This work was necessary, even where the road seemed to be solid, for in most places it was only a crust with substratum of quicksand and water. Since leaving Catawba River I had organized for each brigade a force of mounted foragers under good officers, it being found impracticable in this thinly settled and poorly farmed region to feed the command by infantry details. These foragers to-day took possession of the mills on Big Lynch's Creek, twelve miles in advance, and furnished the command with several days' supply of meal by collecting the corn and grinding it in these mills. They also seized several bridges on the same creek, and received orders from me to hold them until the main columns arrived; distance to-day, eight miles.

March 1, my division in rear, moved at 11. 40 a.m. ; crossed Big Buffalo Creek, and farther on, Lynch's Creek, where we found a good bridge at Miller's Mill. Slight rain all day. The roads, generally, were good. At the hills bordering on the creeks we had considerable corduroying to make. The country was poor, with sandy soil, and thinly settled by "poor whites; " distance, twelve miles. March 2, division in rear, following the Third Division train, moved at 9. 30 a.m. by a road running due east, and intersecting at Johnston's farm with the main Camden and Chesterfield road. At Big Black Creek, which we reached at noon, I found the trains of both the preceding divisions in park, awaiting the construction of a bridge. Here toward evening I received orders from Major-General Slocum to encamp for the night; also learned that the First Division was already in occupation of Chesterfield Court-House, fourteen miles distant. The roads to-day were generally good. The weather continued cold and rainy, the country barren and thinly populated; distance, six miles. March 3, marched at 6. 30 a.m. Was delayed an hour repairing the bridge over Big Black Creek, which was in very bad condition. At Big Black Creek, which I reached at 9. 30 a.m., I found the trains of the Third Division not yet out of their park of last night. At 10. 30 o'clock we crossed Little Black Creek, farther on Smith's Mill Creek, and at 1 p.m., at a little stream two miles beyond, found the Third Division trains again parked. At 2 p.m. moved forward again, being delayed frequently during the afternoon by the trains preceding. The road from Smith's Mill Creek to Chesterfield was in very bad condition and we had to corduroy a great part of it. Reached Chesterfield Court-House at 9 p.m. and encamped with the other divisions of the corps. Weather to-day, showery, clearing off toward night. Some of my foragers to-day went as far north as Wadesborough, N. C., from which they were driven by the rebel cavalry; distance, fifteen miles. March 4, my division in the center, covering my trains and those of the leading division, marched at 7 a.m. ; crossed Abram's Creek, Little Westfield and big Westfield Creeks, and encamped near Sneedsborough, covering the plank road which runs from Wadesborough to Cheraw. The roads were of the worst description, the entire surface of the country being quicksand, which had to be corduroyed. Country poor and thinly settled, yet our foragers brought in abundant supplies mostly from the regions between us and Wadesborough; distance, ten miles. March 5, remained in

44 R R-VOL XLIVII, PT I

