
camp, the pontoniers, covered by the Fourteenth Corps, being engaged in laying down our pontoon bridge at Pegues' Ferry, on the Great Pedee, one mile and a half from our camp. March 6, in accordance with the orders then received, at 8 a.m. marched, taking the plank road for Cheraw, which we reached at 12. 30 p.m., and found the rear division of the Fifteenth Corps crossing the pontoon bridge at that place. At 4 p.m. they had passed. I then crossed my command, and following the Fayetteville road, through the camp of the Fifteenth Corps, encamped six miles from Cheraw, at Smith's Mill on Wolf Creek. The roads after crossing the Pedee for two miles were deep and miry, in other places generally good. Weather pleasant; distance, fifteen miles.

March 7, marched in advance of the corps, at 6 a.m., on good roads through a very poor, sandy country, the inhabitants of which devoted their chief attention to the manufacture of resin. At noon we reached Station 103, on the Wilmington, Charlotte, and Rutherford Railroad, where I received orders to encamp. This railroad is in running order from Wilmington 104 miles. The structure is excellent, laid with T-rail of the best English make. Here we destroyed three-quarters of a mile of track, and a quantity of new iron rails which were piled up for shipment to other points. Several large resin factories along our route were destroyed to-day. One alone contained 2,000 barrels of resin lately manufactured. A party of my foragers, combining with others from the Fourteenth Corps, entered Rockingham to-day, driving out Hardee's rear guard, with whom they were still actively skirmishing when Kilpatrick's advance reached the town. Weather clear and delightful; distance, thirteen miles. March 8, my division, in rear of the corps, marched at 11. 45 a.m. ; crossed the railroad and moved on small settlement road toward McFarland's (or McLain's) Bridge, on Lumber River. At 1 p.m. reached Mark's Creek, where we were detained until 4 p.m. by the trains of the Third Division. Finding the crossing here very swampy and almost impassable, I had it corduroyed, and passed my troops and trains across the creek before dark. As we proceeded the roads became very bad. A heavy rain had fallen all day, many swampy streams had to be crossed, and the soil elsewhere was full of quicksand. Much labor was expended in bringing my trains through. Passing the Fourteenth Corps in camp, I encamped three-quarters of a mile in rear of the Third Division; distance, seven miles. March 9, marched at 6. 30 a.m., crossing a small swamp, and a short distance beyond found the trains of the Third Division still in park, the head of their train passing slowly through another swamp. After waiting upon them until 10 o'clock I constructed a bridge and corduroy road to the left of the main crossing and passed my trains over without difficulty. From that point my troops and trains moved forward in three lines the woods, being open and the ground generally solid. Within three miles of Lumber River I came to another stream, over which the advance of the corps had made a bridge. Here I found the Third Division trains, and most of the First Division, in park. Discovering a road which passed to the right, crossing the creek near its head, I moved by it and reached McFarland's Bridge just as the trains of the First Division began to cross. Having received orders to that effect I encamped here for the night. A cold rain set in about 3 p.m. and I had to corduroy two miles of road by which my trains moved; distance, twelve miles. March 10, at 10. 30 a m., the bridge being clear, my command commenced crossing. One mile beyond, at Buffalo Creek, I was delayed until 4 p.m. by the trains preceding me. Crossed Buffalo Creek, and one mile farther on, after crossing two small swamps, found the Third Division trains again parked and mov-

