
ing out very slowly. Here I encamped. Weather to-day clear and pleasant; roads very bad; distance, three miles and a half.

March 11, marched at 6. 30 a.m., crossed Nicholson's Creek, and found the First Division in camp one mile west of Rockfish Creek. Here at 10 a.m. I received orders to bring forward the entire corps train, both the other divisions being ordered forward, disencumbered, toward Fayetteville. This train of about 1,000 vehicles was apportioned among my three brigades, the troops marching, as usual, off the road by the side of the trains. Winegar's and Stephens' batteries reported to me, and were assigned to places as follows: Winegar's at the head of the train; Stephens', one section in center, the other at the rear. Crossed Rockfish Creek, a wide swampy stream, over which a double bridge had been build, partly on stringers, partly on pontoons. Beaver Creek, Puppy Creek, and a number of smaller streams were successively crossed. At Lamont's Mill, on Puppy Creek, in compliance with orders received from the brevet major-general commanding corps, I diverged by a small road to the left, which a mile further on led into the Fayetteville and Albemarle plank road. At the junction of these roads I encamped within thirteen miles of Fayetteville. The day's March was an unusually laborious one. The roads near the stream crossing, and in numerous other places where there was quicksands, were so treacherous that my troops had to construct several miles of corduroy in order to pass the trains along. The weather clear and cool; distance fifteen miles. March 12, marched at 5 a.m., following the plank road to Fayetteville, which I reached at 1 p.m. ; encamped with the rest of the corps southwest of the town. The road to-day, which crossed several creeks, was generally good. At Fayetteville we found communication with Wilmington temporarily opened by gun-boats which had ascended the Cape Fear River. Sent out a mail for the North this afternoon. March 13, marched at 2 p.m., passing through Fayetteville in order of review, being reviewed by Major-General Sherman from the balcony of the principal hotel. Crossed the Cape Fear River on pontoon bridge, and encamped three miles beyond on the flat low ground along the Smithville plank road; distance, five miles.

March 15, remained yesterday in camp. Last night received orders directing me to take charge of the trains of the corps, and more in direction of Goldsborough, crossing South River at Graham's or New Bridge, and from there to move to a point near Troublefield's Store. The Fourteenth Corps trains, under charge of General Baird, were to follow ours. Meantime the other divisions of the Twentieth and Fourteenth Corps were to move farther to the left, following the plank road to its intersection with the Kingsbury and Bentonville road, then moving toward Bentonville. The roads taken by the Right Wing were to my right, crossing South River at Maxwell's and other bridges lower down. Sixteen wagons from my division, and a number from the others, were sent to the landing opposite Fayetteville to await the arrival of some expected supplies which they were to bring forward to us. Sloan's battery and four companies of the First Michigan Engineers, under Lieutenant-Colonel Hannings, reported to me for the March. The four disencumbered divisions of the Left Wing were ordered to precede me this morning on the road. Early in the day I organized all my mounted foragers, about 250 in number, under Major O'Connor, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, directed them to perform the part of cavalry, and sent them in advance to scout the various roads between us and South River, to demonstrate at Graham's and New Bridges, and if practicable effect a crossing at one of them and hold it until the main column arrived, sending report back to me

