
distance of the main body of the Left Wing, which had been seriously engaged to-day with the enemy's main force above Taylor's Hole Creek, west of South River. My left flank, after crossing South River, was exposed to the enemy's cavalry, with whom my mounted force had considerable skirmishing during the day. My train was very long, containing over 1,000 vehicles, and to insure its safety I picketed strongly all the roads and other approaches from the left. At one time a brigade of Butler's cavalry was within a mile of my train, evidently intending to strike it, but finding my pickets and skirmishers at every point they moved off toward Bentonville. Major O'Connor, with his mounted foragers, continued to scout in advance, and to the left, and encamped four miles and a half ahead of my camp, where he held the next cross-roads. The Fifteenth Corps encamped, connecting with my line, this evening. The wagons left at Fayetteville arrived late to-night, bringing for my division ten loads of hard bread and two of forage. The pontoon train of eighty-five wagons also came up, under charge of lieutenant-Colonel Moore, with seven companies of pontoniers, and reported. My train now comprised the following: First, Second, and Third Divisions, Twentieth Corps trains, corps supply, and artillery ammunition trains, Kilpatrick's cavalry division train, Michigan Engineers, train, pontoon train, in all nearly 1,100 vehicles. Lieutenant-Colonel Ewing, of Major-General Sherman's staff, and Lieutenant Robinson, of Brevet Major-General Williams' staff, reached late this evening, bringing instructions for me to move forward slowly from this point in the direction indicated by mo original corps to transport wounded, also twenty wagon loads infantry ammunition, six of artillery ammunition, two bridge cattle herds, and all possible from the corps supply train. This train was organized as directed and placed under charge of Captain Summers, assistant quartermaster of Third Brigade, but could not be sent until morning as the road was occupied by my trains, the last of which did not reach camp until after midnight. Twenty-five mounted men from Barnum's brigade were detailed and reported to Captain Summers as escort. Heavy rains, with high winds all day until late in the night; distance, eight miles.

March 17, my road being occupied until 5 p.m. by the troops of the Fifteenth Corps, which encamped to-night four miles and a half ahead, my command remained in camp. At 6 a.m. Captain Summers left with his train to join the corps, about fourteen miles distant. At noon to-day, in compliance with orders then received, I sent another wagon loaded with hard bread and coffee for the wounded. Weather clear and pleasant. March 18, marched at 6 a.m., following what is known as the Tarborough road, being the direct route from Graham's Bridge to Bentonville. The road was in its worst condition. Crossed several streams and encamped one mile and a half east of Rainer's Mill on Seven-Mile Creek; distance, eight miles and a half, all of which I corduroyed, using as pioneers in advance of the train Pardee's brigade, the Michigan Engineers, and five companies of the pontoniers. The head of the train reached camp at 7. 30 p.m. ; the roads being well repaired the wagons moved into camp without further detention. The day was a very laborious one for the troops. Weather clear and pleasant., March 19, marched at 6 a.m., following the Tarborough road to Newton Grove Post-Office at Doctor Monk's house; there turned to the right on the Goldsborough new road, and encamped at Canaan Church. Within one mile of this church I found the rear division of the Fifteenth Corps not yet out my way, and was delayed there until 4 p.m. Crossed

