
during the day Big Cohera Creek and several smaller streams and swamps. The road generally was bad, rendering it necessary to corduroy in all three miles of it; distance, ten miles. About five miles to my left, near Bentonville, the main body of the Left Wing had been heavily engaged with Johnston's entire army from noon until after dark. About 10 p.m. I received orders to sent to the corps all our remaining ambulances and all the empty wagons of the corps, also the ammunition and supply wagons. This was promptly done, and only five ammunition wagons were retained with the train. The train sent was placed under charge of Captain Beardsley, assistant quartermaster of a brigade in the Third Division. At midnight I received orders to take two brigades and Sloan's battery and join the corps by daylight, as the enemy had been re-enforced and a heavy attack was expected in the morning. March 20, leaving Colonel Mindil in charge of the train (his force comprising his brigade, 800 strong; the Michigan Engineers, 300 strong; and the pontoniers, 400 strong), I moved at once with the force ordered and reached the corps at 4. 30 a.m. The road by which I had to March was a very swampy one, and the distance eight miles. Here my troops were massed in reserve behind the left of the line of battle. The expected attack did not occur, and my troops remained quietly in this position throughout the day. At 11 a.m. orders received from the brevet major-general commanding corps were sent to Colonel Mindil, directing him to move the trains toward Goldsborough, crossing Falling Creek near Irvine King's house. Captain Nolan, acting assistant inspector-general on my staff, was directed to accompany him.
March 21, remained throughout the day massed in reserve. The enemy having withdrawn some distance to their main line, orders were sent this morning to Colonel Mindil, who encamped his trains last night near Falling Creek, to take the trains to a point near the railroad crossing of the Neuse River, where it was ordered that a temporary depot for the corps be established. From that point he was directed to send trains to Kinston for supplies. The One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers was sent from here this afternoon as escort to the train transporting the wounded of the corps. At 8 p.m. the ammunition trains and empty wagons of the corps left, under charge of Captain Schilling, of my staff, with the Sixty-sixth Ohio Veteran Volunteers and One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers as escort, to join Colonel Mindil. These movements of trains were made with a view to a movement of the corps to-morrow, it being ordered that we should retire from our present position across Falling Creek, where our communication with a base of supply would be satisfactory. Heavy rain set in this evening, lasting until midnight. March 22, at 5. 30 a.m. the One hundred and second New York Veteran Volunteers was sent in charge of a train, comprising the pack-mules, headquarters trains a few ammunition wagons and ambulances, with orders to cross Falling Creek by the same route taken by the other trains. Shortly after it was ascertained that the enemy had evacuated during the night. At 8 a.m. I moved in advance of the corps, following the trains, which I found moving with great difficulty, the road being in terrible condition. I accordingly moved on and used my troops to repair the roads and assist the wagons through. Encamped on the east side of Falling Creek, the trains encamping on the west side. Weather clear and cold, with strong west wind, which had a drying effect upon the miry soil; distance, fifteen miles. March 23, marched in advance of corps at 6 a.m., by the direct road to Cox's Bridge, passing Falling Creek Post-Office and Grantham's Store. At 10 a.m. we reached Cox's Bridge, where I found Major-General Terry with two divisions.

