
The Fourteenth Corps were then crossing the pontoon bridge at this place. At 12 o'clock my command commenced crossing. There were two bridges laid down, and we crossed very rapidly. Taking the right-hand or direct Goldsborough road after crossing, I encamped, in accordance with orders, three miles from Cox's Bridge, at the junction of the Smithfield road with the one we followed. A considerable force of the enemy's cavalry hovered along our left flank after we crossed the Neuse River. We had slight skirmishing with them, but no casualties. Weather clear, with very high wind, rendering the roads dusty in some places; distance, twelve miles.

March 24, in accordance with orders received during the night at 2 a.m. my wagons and pack trains were sent forward with orders to pass through Goldsborough, if possible, before daylight. I marched in rear of the corps at 7 a.m., crossed the Raleigh railroad and two large creeks, and at noon passed in order of review through Goldsborough, the troops being reviewed by Major-General Sherman as they passed his headquarters. Encamped in the position assigned me in reserve, one mile north of Goldsborough, near the Weldon railroad. March 25, moved to a position assigned as our permanent camp, on the right of the corps-Pardee's and Barnum's brigades in the front line; Mindil's (which now joined me) in reserve. My right connected with the left of the Seventeenth Corps. Here my troops were directed to make comfortable camps, and measures were at once taken to procure for them full supplies of food, clothing, and equipments, and to bring the command to its old standard in discipline and appearance, both of which had been unavoidably impaired by the nature of the campaign just closed.

In closing this report I submit the following comments and statistics, which I think will be found worthy of observation.

The Carolina campaign, although in its general military features of the same nature as that from Atlanta to Savannah, was one of much greater labor, and which tested most thoroughly the power of endurance and elasticity of spirit among American soldiers. The distance marched was much farther, through regions presenting greater natural obstacles, and where a vindictive enemy might naturally be expected in force sufficient to harass our troops and interfere frequently with our trains. The season was one of comparative inclemency, during which the roads were in the worst condition, yet my command marched from Savannah to Goldsborough without serious opposition, and without a single attack upon the trains under my charge. The spirit of my troops throughout was confident and buoyant, expressive of that implicit trust in their commander-in-chief, and belief in themselves, which are always presages of military success. It was their common experience to March at dawn or earlier, corduroy miles of road, exposed to drenching rains, or standing waist-deep often in swamps lifting wagons out of mire and quicksand where mules could not obtain a foothold, and, when the day's work was through, encamp elate at night, only to repeat the process with the next day. Then again there were many days of pleasant March and attractive bivouac. Through this all they evinced a determination and cheerfulness which had added greatly to my former high appreciation of the same qualities shown by them on so many battle-fields of the past four years.

The health of my troops during this campaign of so much fatigue and exposure was generally good, the proportion of sick being much less than on the previous campaign when I had with me a number of unseasoned recruits. After leaving Sister's Ferry seven cases of small-pox developed in my command. These with similar cases from the other

