
divisions were placed in a small-pox hospital, which marched daily far in rear of the corps and encamped at night outside the picket-lines.
Of these seven cases one died, five returned to duty, and one is still under treatment.

The topographical character of the regions passed through deserves mention. *

From Savannah City to Sister's Ferry the country is level, sandy, swampy, and covered with pine forests. Along the east bank of the Savannah at Sister's Ferry are extensive swamps, which in the winter are generally inundated. From the Savannah River to the North Edisto the country is level and well watered, with numerous streams, all of which are bordered with swamps. The soil is sandy and is generally well cultivated. This region includes parts of Beaufort and Barnwell Districts, both of which are among the wealthiest in the State.

Between the North Edisto and Saluda Rivers the surface is rolling, becoming hilly as we advance northward; the soil continued sandy. This region is very poorly watered, and the inhabitants between these two rivers are nearly all of that miserable class known through the South as "poor whites. "

Across the Saluda the geological features of the country present a sudden change; red and yellow clay and silex predominate, and after crossing Broad River granite boulders are abundant. From the Saluda to the Catawba Rivers, along our route of March, the soil was argillaceous, the country very hilly and well watered, with small streams generally without swamps. The inhabitants in this region were more energetic and intelligent than in the lower country.

After crossing the Catawba River our course tended toward the coast and we struck almost immediately the quicksand region. From the Catawba to the Neuse swamps and quicksands abounded. With few exceptions, the inhabitants between these rivers were poor, ignorant, and thriftless. As a general rule throughout these Southern coast States those swamps traversed by running streams presented comparatively little difficulty for the crossing of wagon trains. When there was running water the bottom was generally of good white sand, and perfectly reliable. re exceptions, as at Coosawhatchie Swamp, where the bottom was of a quicksand nature. Where the swamps were covered with standing water, the bottoms were generally of black mud, and the swamp required bridging or corduroying.

From the Savannah to the South Edisto, and from the Catawba to the Neuse, a very large amount of corduroy road was constructed by my troops. Wherever rail fences were at hand they were used for the purpose. Pine saplings were generally found growing in readiness for use, and many a mile of road was paved with them.

Our troops, except when marching as advance or near guard, habitually marched alongside of the trains, giving them the road. Each bring through to camp. Heavy bodies of pioneers marched with the advance guard to repair the road, and other pioneer detachments were distributed with the train. Whenever a wagon halted from any cause, those in rear were required to move up into park wherever the ground would permit. Thus, in a long train, if there was any delay on account of bad roads, bridges destroyed, &amp;c., a series of parks were constantly forming and dissolving so that the length of road occupied by the train was much shortened.

---------------

*For maps accompanying this report see Plate LXXXVI, maps 1 to 7 of the Atlas.

---------------

