
advance, with two batteries and a battalion of First Michigan Engineers, marched at 5. 30 a.m., my Second Brigade leading. Skirmished nearly all day with the enemy's cavalry, driving them rapidly. No casualties on our side. Encamped at 2 p. m. at Smithfield, from which place the enemy's rear guard retired this morning, burning the bridges across Neuse River. We crossed during the day Boorden's and Pole Cat Creeks. At Boorden's Creek the bridge, the sixty five feet long, was destroyed. With two companies of my pioneers it was rebuilt in seventeen minutes; weather to-day mild, with occasional showers. Country well cultivated and containing a number of handsome residences for this region; distance, eleven miles and a half.
April 18, early this morning official dispatches from General Grant announcing the surrender of General Lee's army were received and read to our troops, who received them with unbounded enthusiasm. Two regiments and the pioneer company from my Second Brigade were detached to escort the division trains, which were ordered to continue in rear of the Fourteenth Corps. My division in rear of the corps marched at 9. 30 a.m. by an extreme left-hand road toward Raleigh. Crossed Neuse River at Smithfield on pontoon bridge. Crossed Swift Creek twice and encamped at 6 p.m. on Mrs. Saunders' plantation just beyond the second crossing of the creek; weather very hot; roads good, but hilly; country well cultivated; distance, fourteen miles. April 13, marched, second in line, at 5. 30 a.m., following a very circuitous hilly road toward Raleigh, the main direct road being assigned to the Fourteenth corps. Reached Raleigh at noon, and encamped on right of the corps one mile and a half southwest of the town. The forenoon was rainy; roads were good; country well cultivated; distance, fourteen miles. April 14, received orders to March at daylight to-morrow toward Holly Springs. April 15, the orders to March were countermanded early this morning. It was understood that negotiations for Johnston's surrender were pending. April 17, early this morning we received official notice of the assassination of President Lincoln. The news produced the deepest grief and indignation throughout the command. April 22, the corps marched in review through Raleigh, being reviewed by Major-General Sherman. April 24, received orders late this afternoon to load our trains with all attainable supplies, and to March with the rest of the corps to-morrow to Jones' Cross-Roads. Our troops were ordered at once on half rations, Government issue, and to resume foraging on the country, which practice had been discontinued since the 15th. April 25, marched, second in line, at 9. 45 a.m., following First Division on Holly Springs road; 6 p . m. encamped at Jones' Cross-Roads; weather hot; roads hilly and dustry; distance, twelve miles. April 26 and 27, remained in camp at Jones' Cross-Roads. April 28, General Johnston having surrendered his forces the command returned to-day to our former camp near Raleigh; distance, twelve miles. April 29, remained in camp, turned in all our ammunition except twenty-five rounds per man, and loaded our trains with supplies and forage, being ordered to March to Washington. April 30, my division, second in line, following First division, marched at 7. 30 a.m. ; passed through Raleigh; crossed Neuse River on a rickety bridge at falls of Neuse Paper Mills, and encamped on Aligree's plantation. The bridge, which had been repaired by the division preceding me, broke down before all my trains had crossed. The remaining wagons forded the River below, and reached camp during the night; weather hot; roads good; country very poor, and covered with pine forests; distance, fourteen miles and a half; headquarters at Parish's house.

