
the night near Beech Branch Post-Office, on a plantation owned by Major N. Johnson; distance marched, fifteen miles and a half. Tuesday, February 7, the March was commenced at 6. 30 a.m. ; Duck Branch Post-Office was passed through; the Coosawhatchie Swam was crossed in the afternoon; the water varied in depth in this swamp at the crossing from six inches to four feet. There is but little current in the main stream, the channel as well as the entire body of water being filled with a very dense growth of small trees and vines of various descriptions. The troops camped for the night at the cross-roads on the north bank of the stream near Duck Creek; distance marched, five miles and a half. Wednesday, February 8, the brigade was in advance this day and rendered good service in repairing the roads. Jackson's Branch was crossed during the day, as well as an unfinished railroad, projected to run between Pocotaligo and Augusta, Ga. The big Salkehatchie River was crossed at Buford's Bridge. The swamp through which the stream runs where the road crosses it is over a mile in width. The roadway is about fourteen feet in width and raised above the level of the water about two feet and a half, forming a supecies of causeway. through this road there are twenty-four water passages, varying in length from twelve to thirty feet, over which bridges were originally built. The swamp was well filled with water, and with a very heavy growth of timber as well as with an almost impenetrable undergrowth of thorn, wildbox, and various vines peculiar to these swamps. The command camped for the night at Buford's Bridge; distance marched, fourteen miles. Thursday, February 9, from Buford's Bridge the command marched to near Blackville, a station on the railroad leading from Charleston to Augusta, a distance of eighteen miles. Friday, February 10, marched to Blackville, and from thence to Duncan's Bridge over the South Edisto River. The troops went into bivouac on the north side of the River; distance marched, eight miles. This River and its attendant swamp is very similar in character to those which we have previously crossed, except that the stream is much larger and the channel deeper. The road through this swamp is about one mile and a half in length; the number of channels or water passages across the road are fourteen, and the length of the bridges which were required to be built varied from twelve to sixty feet in length, the greater number of them, however, being of the smaller dimensions.

The day following, February 11, was passed in corduroying the road through the swamp and assisting in building the bridges. Sunday, February 12, the brigade was in the advance of the division, and marched at 7 a.m., taking the road leading to Jeffcoat's Bridge over the North Edisto River. The March was uninterrupted, although the enemy's cavalry were reported as being in close proximity, until the vicinity of the crossing was reached. The skirmishers were fired upon by the enemy, posted in small force behind a barricade of timber taken from the bridge which had been destroyed. The One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Craig commanding, was deployed as skirmishers on the left of the road, and the same disposition was made of the Fifth Ohio Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Kirkup commanding, on the right of the road. The remainder of the brigade was placed in position near the bridge on the rising ground to await developments. The skirmishers on either side of the road pressed forward to the bank of the stream, but could not find any practicable place of crossing. A vigorous fire was directed upon the small force behind the barricade, which caused them to abandon their position. One company of the Fifth Ohio Volunteers (Company K)

45 R R - VOL XLVII, PT I

