
to Ravecrotf's Mills; distance marched, nine miles. February 19, marched to Freshly's Mills on the Broad River; distance marched, five miles. February 20, crossed Broad River and marched to the cross-roads near Kincaid's house; distance marched, eight miles.

February 21, the command marched at 6. 30 a.m. in advance of the corps, taking the road to Winnsborough. The brigade on entering the town was detailed as provost guard, and immediately entered upon its duties. The town was filled with foragers from different corps of the Army. These men, in the most unlicensed manner, had plundered the public and nearly all the private residences, and to the some body may be charged the firing of the town. As soon as possible the town was cleared of these foragers, or, as they might more properly be termed, plunderers, and measures taken to extinguish the flames. The brigade remained in Winnsborough until the afternoon of February 22, when it marched to Wateree Church, on the road to Rocky Mount Post-Office. The quantity of cotton burned in Winnsborough without authority was about 1,000 bales. distance marched February 21 and February 22, sixteen miles.

February 23, the command moved at daybreak and marched to Rocky Mount. The Catawba River at this point was crossed by means of a pontoon bridge. The banks of the River are quite high, making the approaches to the bridge on both sides difficult. The soil at this point has more clay in its composition and not so much sand as was the case in that portion of the country over which we have marched for the past ten days. The trains crossed the River very slowly, the roads having become exceedingly bad. The brigade had in charge the rear of the train, and, as a consequence, did not reach camp until 1 p.m. February 24; distance marched, sixteen miles. February 24 to February 28, inclusive, we marched to the east side of Little Lynch's Creek, near Horton's Tavern, a distance of twenty-four miles. Owing to the horrible condition of the roads the progress was slow. Nearly the whole distance needed corduroying, in the labor of which the brigade performed it portion.

Wednesday, March 1, the brigade marched from Clyburn's Store, near Horton's Tavern, at 12 m., having in charge a portion of the train. The road taken was not laid down on the map furnished, but runs on the dividing ridge between the waters of Buffalo Creek and Flat Rock Creek. Lynch's Creek was crossed at Ferily's Ford. This stream is of considerable size, requiring a bridge of about 100 feet in length to cross it. The land on the west side of the creek is high and undulating, while on the east side it is low and very sandy. The camp for the night was about two miles from the bridge, on the road leading to Chesterfield; distance marched, twelve miles. March 2 and 3, marched at 7 a.m. in the direction of Chesterfield. The following-named streams were crossed before reaching Chesterfield: Rocky Creek, Big Black Creek, Little Black Creek, and Smith's Mill Creek. Both the Little Black and Big Black Creeks are streams to considerable size, with large swamps on either side, which made their passage with the trains very troublesome. With the exception of Big Black Creek, over which there was a bridge, the streams were forded. The roads during these two days were in a wretched condition. The troops were distributed along the train and rendered material assistance in its progress. Chesterfield was reached at 12 m. March 3; distance marched, twenty-one miles. Saturday, March 4, marched to Sneedsborough, eleven miles. In this position we remained until the morning of the 6th instant, when we moved in the direction of Cheraw, S. C. Taking the plank

