
road at Cheraw the command crossed the Great Pedee River and marched to the cross-roads, near Irby's Mill. Distance marched, March 4 to 6, twenty-five miles.

Tuesday, March 7, marched to Station 103, on the Wilmington, Charlotte and Rutherford Railroad a distance of fourteen miles. From March 8 until Fayetteville, N. C., was occupied the brigade was on duty with the train. The duty was exceedingly laborious, it being necessary to corduroy the road in many places, and frequently to give manual assistance to wagons embedded in the mud. The following streams were crossed before reaching Fayetteville, viz: Lumber River (it being the headwaters of the Little Pedee River), Buffalo Creek, Rockfish and Little Rockfish Creeks. All of these streams, owing to the swampy nature of the ground in their immediate vicinity, were very difficult to cross and materially impeded the progress of the trains. Near the Little Rockfish Creek we came on to a plank road to Fayetteville, over which no difficulty was experienced in moving the train. Distance marched, March 8 to 12, inclusive, forty-nine miles. March 13, marched in review through Fayetteville to the River, and there awaited the passage of the train, the brigade having been detailed as escort to it. The command crossed the Cape Fear River with the train during the night of March 13, and reached camp at 6 a.m. at a point four miles from Fayetteville, on the road leading to Averasborough; distance marched, five miles. Tuesday, March 14, no change of position. Wednesday, March 15, the brigade marched at 10 a.m., having in charge 600 wagons. After leaving the plank road, four miles from camp, the roads became almost impassable. The advance of that portion of the train guarded by this command reached camp near South River at 7 a.m. ; the rear of the train did not reach park until 12 m. of the day following. Two regiments, the One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers and Fifth Ohio Volunteers, commanded, respectively, by Lieutenant-Colonel Craig and Lieutenant-Colonel Kirkup, rendered material assistance in getting the train through to camp.

The day following, March 16, the same kind of roads were encountered and necessitated considerable corduroying. We crossed Black River at --- Bridge, and camped for the night at a point about three miles east of the bridge, the camp being in close proximity to that of the Fifteenth Army Corps. Marched five miles and a half. March 17, no change of position. March 18. This day the brigade was in advance of the division, and was engaged in corduroying the road nearly the entire day. We camped for the night near Seven-Mile Creek, having marched six miles. March 19, the brigade had in charge 350 wagons, and marched in the direction of Cox's Bridge. Soon after passing Newton Grove I received orders to halt the brigade and place it in position to guard the train while it was passing the intersection of the Bentonville road with the one on which we were traveling, and then to bring up the rear to camp. The brigade reached camp at 1 a.m., March 20. At 2 a.m. 20th instant we marched in the direction of Bentonville, to report to Brevet Major-General Williams, commanding corps, in compliance with orders from the general commanding division. At 5 a.m. I reported with the command, as directed, and went into position en masse in rear of the cavalry of General Kilpatrick; distance marched, seventeen miles. In this position we remained until March 22. The command marched at 6 a.m., and went into camp on the east side of Falling Creek; distance marched, sixteen miles. March 23, moved to Cox's Bridge and crossed the Neuse River at this

