
road leading to Hanover Court-House; distance marched, eleven miles. May 12, at 6 a.m. the line of March was resumed. At 4 p.m. the command encamped at Ashland Station, on the Richmond and Potomac Railroad; distance marched, twelve miles and a half. May 13, 1865, the brigade marched at 5 a.m. During the day the following streams were crossed, viz, South Anna River, New Found River, and Little River, the camp for the night being near Beaver Dam Station, on the Virginia Central Railroad; distance marched, fifteen miles. May 14, at 5. 30 a.m. the March was resumed. The North Anna River was crossed at Anderson's Bridge. From thence the command marched to Chilesburg, and thence toward Spotsylvania Court-House. The command encamped between the Mat and Ta Rivers; distance marched, fourteen miles. May 15, 1865, marched at 5 a.m., and encamped on the north side of the Rappahannock River at United States Ford. During the day the Ta, Po, and Ny Rivers were crossed. The command marched through the town of Spotsylvania Court-House, and over portions of the battle-fields of Spotsylvania Court-House and Chancellorsville; distance marched, twenty-two miles. May 16, 1865, marched to Hartwood Church, from which point the road leading to Cutlet's Station was taken. The distance marched during the day was seventeen miles and a half. May 17, 1865, marched to Brentsville, fifteen miles. May 18, 1865, marched at 10 a.m., and camped for the night near Fairfax Station; distance marched, sixteen miles. May 19, 1865, marched to Cloud's Mills, a distance of sixteen miles. From May 20 to 23, inclusive, the command was encamped at Cloud's Mills. May 24, 1865, the brigade marched at 5 a.m. en route to Washington, where it formed part of the body of troops reviewed by the President of the United States. After passing in review the command was marched to its present encampment. Accompanying this please find report of operations of this brigade from Goldsborough to Richmond, while under the command of Colonel G. W. Mindil, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers; also reports of regimental commanders.

The usual nominal list of casualties is omitted, none having occurred on the March.

In conclusion, I desire to tender my thanks to the members of the staff for their uniform attention to duty, and for valuable aid during the period of the March.

Very respectfully,

ARIO PARDEE, JR.,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

Major W. T. FORBES, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 156. Report of Colonel George W. Mindil, Thirty-third New Jersey Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations April 10-May 9.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Bladensburg, Md., May 28, 1865.

MAJOR: In compliance with instructions received I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of this brigade in the campaigns from Goldsborough, N. C., to Raleigh, N. C., and Richmond, Va., when I was relieved of the command by the return of Brevet Brigadier-General Pardee from leave of absence:

April 10, 1865, in accordance with orders received the brigade broke camp near Goldsborough, N. C. (where it had been encamped since

