
March 25), at 5. 30 a.m. Marched through the town, taking the direct road toward Smithfield, N. C., crossing Little River about five miles from its junction with the Neuse, no detention occurring on the road until near Moccasin River, where a regiment of the enemy's cavalry were found posted to dispute the passage of that stream. They were soon dislodged, however, by the troops in advance, but not before they succeeded in cutting a mill-dam some distance up the stream, which speedily overflowed the causeway and bridges on the road to the depth of two and three feet, making it very difficult for the passage of the troops and trains. The brigade commenced crossing at dark, the last regiment arriving in camp on the opposite side at about 12. 30 a.m. ; distance marched, twelve miles. April 11, 1865, moved at 5. 30 a.m., and marched to Smithfield, N. C., distance fourteen miles, and encamped near the suburbs of the town at 4 p.m. April 12, moved at 9 a.m. ; crossed the Neuse River by pontoon bridge, taking the Elevation and Leachburg road toward Raleigh, N. C. ; crossed Swift Creek near its mouth, and again twelve miles farther up, going into camp on the plantation of Mrs. Saunders about one mile north of the last-named stream. April 13, moved at 6 a.m. and marched to Raleigh, the capital of North Carolina, the city having been occupied by Kilpatrick's cavalry early in the morning, the enemy making no opposition to its occupation by our forces. We encamped on the South side of the town, near the insane asylum, at 1 p.m., after marching fourteen miles. We remained in the same camp until the morning of April 25. Camp was again broken, miles southwest from Raleigh. Encamped at Jones' Cross-Roads until the 28th of April, and then moved at 4. 30 a.m. back to our old camp near Raleigh. this retrograde movement was caused by the surrender of Johnston's rebel army making a forward movement unnecessary. Soon after arriving in camp orders were received to prepare for a homeward March toward Washington, D. C., via Richmond, Va. All preparations being completed, the brigade was reported in readiness for this movement on the evening of the 29th of April. April 30, 1865, broke camp this morning at 7 a.m. Moved through Raleigh in review order, and marched to Manteo's Mills, distance thirteen miles, and went into camp for the night.

May 1, moved at 5 a.m. and marched about twenty-three miles, encamping three miles north of Tar River at 4 p.m. May 2, moved at 5 a.m. ; marched to near Williamsborough, N. C., and encamped at 4 p.m. two miles southwest of the town, a distance of eighteen miles. May 3, marched at 4. 30 a.m. ; passed through Williamsborough and Townsville on the Roanoke Valley Railroad; crossed the State line at 10. 30, and encamped at 12 m. about one mile north of it in the State of Virginia. May 4, moved at 6 a.m. ; crossed the Roanoke River by pontoon bridge at Taylor's Ferry, crossing the Boydton plank road Allen's Creek, and marched to near South Hill, where we encamped for the night at 6 p.m. May 5, moved at 5. 30 a.m. ; crossed the Meherrin River at Saffold's Bridge, striking a plank road at Hedge Grove, and established camp for the night vie miles South of Nottoway River. May 6, moved at 6 a.m., crossing Big and Little Nottoway Rivers, striking the Lynchburg and Petersburg Railroad and Blacks and Whites Station, going into camp for the night at Wellville at 5 p.m. May 7, moved at 6 a.m. ; crossed the Appomattox River at Kidd's Mills at 6 p.m. by pontoon bridge, encamping for the night about one mile from the River at 7 p.m. May 8, moved at 6 a.m. through Clover

