
Hill and marched to east side of Falling Creek, encamping by 7 p.m. May 9, moved about one mile and a half toward Manchester, Va., and went into camp and remained until I relieved.

Respectfully submitted.

GEORGE W. MINDIL,

Colonel Thirty-third New Jersey Vols., Commanding, First Brigade.

Major W. T. FORBES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 157. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Robert Kirkup, Fifth Ohio Infantry, of operations January 27-March 24 and April 10-May 1, 1865.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., April 1, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the official report of the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry for the late campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C.:

The Fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteers left Savannah, Ga., on the 27th of January, 1865, and marched to Sister's Ferry, where we arrived on the 29th of January.

On the 4th of February crossed the Savannah River at sister's Ferry and continued the March from day to day, passing through Blackville, S. C., February 10, and crossed South Branch of Edisto River at Duncan's Bridge the same night. On the 12th of February the regiment was ordered to join the advance guard. Two companies, A and B, were then deployed on the right of the road leading to a crossing of the North Branch of the Edisto River. Arriving at the crossing, the enemy had burned the bridge and were ready to resist our crossing. The regiment was then deployed to the right of the road. Company K and a part of Company F then crossed the River in a small boat procured below the crossing and charged up the road, when the enemy opened with two pieces of artillery, and after firing some six shots fell back. Five men of the regiment were wounded in this affair. On the 13th of February, while the regiment was forming a line in rear of the One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, one man of the regiment was killed. Continued the March until the 18th of February, and crossed the Saluda River some four miles above Columbia, S. C. February 20, crossed Broad River. February 21, marched into Winnsborough, S. C., and the regiment was deployed through the town as provost guards. Resumed the March on the 22nd of February, and on the 23rd crossed the Wateree River. On the 26th camped near Hanging Rock, S. C.

Passed through Westchester [Chesterfield] about Court-House on the 4th of March, and marched through Cheraw, S. C., and crossed Big Pedee River on the 5th [6th] of March. Passed through Fayetteville on the 13th of March and crossed Cape Fear River. On the 19th we marched to Mill Creek Church, and on the 23rd crossed the Neuse River and entered Goldsborough on the 24th of March and went into camp. *

Respectfully submitted.

ROBT. KIRKUP,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH, Actg. Adjt. General, First Brigade.

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties accompanying this report shows 1 man killed, 5 men wounded, and 15 men captured or missing during the campaign.

---------------

