HEADQUARTERS FIFTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Bladensburg, Md., June 3, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to forward to you the official report of the operations of the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the campaign from Goldsborough, N. C., to Alexandria, Va., from April 10, to May 19, 1865:

The regiment left camp at Goldsborough, N. C., April 10, 1865, and marched thirteen miles and camped for the night. April 11, resumed the March at 6 a.m., and marched fifteen miles and camped for the night. April 13, resumed the March at 5. 30 a.m. and marched fourteen miles, arriving at Raleigh, N. C., and camped near the city; and here we remained in camp until the 25th of April, when we marched from Raleigh, N. C., some fourteen miles, and camped here until the 28th of April, and we then marched back to Raleigh, N. C. April 29, in camp near Raleigh, N. C. April 30, broke camp and marched through Raleigh, N. C., on our way to Richmond, Va. ; marched twelve miles and camped for the night.

May 1, 1865, resumed the March, and marched twenty-two miles and camped for the night. May 2, resumed the March, and marched nine miles and camped for the night. May 3, resumed the March, and marched twenty miles and camped for the night. May 4, left camp at 6 a.m., and marched twenty-three miles and camped for the night. May 5, left camp at 5. 30 a.m., and marched twenty miles and camped for the night. May 6, left camp at 10 a.m., and marched sixteen miles and camped for the night. May 7, left camp at 7 a.m., and marched eighteen miles and camped for the night. May 8, left camp at 9 a.m., and marched seventeen miles and camped for the night. May 9, resumed the March at 10 a.m., and marched through Richmond and camped crossed James River, and marched through Richmond and camped some three miles from the town. May 12, resumed the March at 6 a.m., and marched thirteen miles and camped for the night at Ashland Station. May 13, left camp at 6 a.m. ; crossed South Anna River and New Found River and marched fourteen miles and camped for the night. May 14, left camp at 6 a.m., crossed North Anna River and marched seventeen miles and camped for the night. May 15, left camp at 5. 30 a.m. ; crossed Po River; passed through Spotsylvania Court-House and Chancellorsville, Va. ; crossed the Rappahannock River, and made seventeen miles and camped for the night. May 16, left camp at 5. 30 a.m., and marched fifteen miles and camped for the night. May 17, left camp at 5. 30 a.m. ; crossed Cedar Creek and camped near Brentsville; made fifteen miles. May 18, resumed the March at 9 a.m. ; marched fourteen miles and camped for the night. May 19, left camp at 6 a.m. ; passed through Fairfax Station and camped three miles from Alexandria, Va.

Respectfully submitted.

ROBT. KIRKUP,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fifth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Captain A. H. W. CREIGH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

