
24th; were inspected and reviewed during this time. 25th, marched at 9 a.m. in a northwest direction, Twenty-ninth rear of First Brigade; marched about fifteen miles, and camped for the night at 8. 30 p.m. 26th and 27, remained in camp. 28th, returned to Raleigh into our old camp. 29th, remained in camp, with orders to March next day. 30th, at 7 a.m., marched through Raleigh, and camped for the night at 6 p.m.

May 1, marched at 5 a.m. ; crossed Tar River; camped at 5 p.m. ; marched twenty-three miles. 2nd, broke camp at 3. 30; marched at 5 a.m., Twenty-ninth in advance of brigade; marched twenty miles and camped. 3rd, marched at 4. 30 a.m. ; camped on the Virginia line for the night. 4th, marched at 6 a.m. ; crossed the Roanoke River; marched twenty miles and camped. 5th, moved at 5. 30 a.m. ; camped at 6. 30 p.m. 6th, marched at 5 a.m. ; passed Blacks and Whites Station on the South Side Railroad; marched eleven miles and camped. 7th, marched at 6 a.m. ; crossed the Appomattox River and camped for the night; marched twenty miles. 8th, broke camp at 6 p.m. ; passed Clover Hill Coal Mines and marched to Falling Creek and camped for the night; marched twenty miles. 10th, remained in camp. 11th, marched at 10 a.m. ; passed through Manchester and crossed the James River into Richmond in the p.m. ; passed on through on the Brook pike and camped near Brook Creek, four miles north of Richmond. 12th, marched at 6 a.m. ; reaches Ashland at 6 p.m. and camped. 13th, marched at 5. 30 a.m. ; crossed the South Anna; camped for night near Little River. 14th, marched at 5 a.m., Twenty-ninth in advance of First Brigade; crossed the North Anna; marched eighteen miles and camped. 15th, moved at 5 a.m. on the Spotsylvania Court-House road; passed through Spotsylvania and Chancellorsville; crossed the Rappahannock at 10 p.m. and camped; marched twenty miles. 16th, moved at 4. 30 a.m. ; marched eighteen miles and camped. 17th, marched at 5 a.m. on the Brentsville road; reached Brentsville at 1 p.m., and camped for night; marched twelve miles. 18th, marched at 6 a.m., and marched fifteen miles and camped within two miles of Alexandria, Va. ; remained in camp until the 24th, when we passed through Washington on review and went into camp on the east side of the Potomac near Bladensburg, Md, where we remained at present.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JONAS SCHOONOVER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twenty-ninth Ohio Vet. Vol. Infantry.

Captain A. H. W. CREIGH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Eugene Powell, Sixty-sixth Ohio Infantry, of operations January 27-March 24.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SIXTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Goldsborough, N. C., April 2, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with instructions received from headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, I have the honor to report the part taken by this regiment in the campaign from Savannah, Ga., to this place:

In compliance to orders the regiment broke camp at Savannah, Ga., on the morning of January 27, 1865, and took its place in the line of March in the First Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

