
This regiment performed the varied services required of it and it was not detached from the brigade until the [12th] day of February, 1865, when the enemy having taken position disputing the crossing at the North Branch of the Edisto, I received orders from Bvt. Brigadier General Ario Pardee, Jr., commanding First Brigade, to report with my regiment to Bvt. Major General J. W. Geary, commanding Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps. I received orders from General Geary to cross the North Branch of the Edisto at a bridge two miles above the crossing, then being held by the enemy, and guard the bridge and hold the crossing and await orders, which duty I performed. On the morning of February 13 I received orders from Brevet Brigadier-General Pardee to return with my regiment and rejoin his command, which had crossed the North Edisto at the contested crossing. I rejoined the brigade and performed the duties assigned me, guarding the portion of the wagon train assigned me. On the night of February 18, after the Twentieth Army Corps had crossed Lumber River, I received orders from Brevet Brigadier-General Pardee to return with my regiment and effectually destroy the bridge on which this corps had crossed that River. I returned to the bridge and effectually destroyed it and rejoined the brigade that night. This regiment reached this place on the 24th instant. I had eight men missing during the campaign.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully,

EUGENE POWELL,

Lieutenant Colonel Sixty-sixth Ohio Vet. Vol. Infty., Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 160. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John T. Mitchell, sixty-sixth Ohio Infantry, of operations May 11-24.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SIXTH OHIO VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,Near Bladensburg, Md., May 31, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions received from headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Sixty-sixth Regiment Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry since leaving Richmond May 11, 1865, at which time I assumed command of the regiment - I have no date in my possession from which to make a report of the operations since leaving Goldsborough, N. C., up to the date of assuming command:

May 11, broke camp at 9 a.m. ; passed through the village of Manchester across the James River and through the city of Richmond; camped near Brook Creek. May 12, moved at 6. 30 a.m., crossing Brook Creek; camped at Ashland Station. May 13, moved at 5. 30 a.m. ; crossed South Anna River; marched North Anna River; marched sixteen miles; camped. May 15, moved at 5 a.m. ; passed through Spotsylvania and through the battle-field of that place, also over the battle-field of Chancellorsville of May 1, 2, and 3, 1863; crossed the Rappahannock River and camped. May 16, moved at 5 a.m. ; marched about twenty miles; camped about four miles from Cutlet's Station, Va.

