
May 17, moved about 5 a.m. ; marched about fifteen miles; camped at 1 p.m. near Brentsville. May 18, moved about 10 a.m. ; crossed Bull Run; camped near Fairfax Station. May 19, moved at 6. 30 a.m. ; passed through Fairfax Station and camped at Elliott's [Cloud's] Mills, near Alexandria, Va. May 20, in camp. May 21, in camp. May 22, in camp. May 23, order received for review. May 24, left camp about 7. 30 a.m. ; crossed the Potomac River via Long Bridge, passing around the capitol in column by companies right in front, down Pennsylvania avenue; marched in review; passed the reviewing stand and thence out to camp; about five miles from city, near Bladensburg, Md.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. MITCHELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain A. H. W. CREIGH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 161. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel James Fitzpatrick, Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations January 27-March 26 and April 10-May 26.
HDQRS. TWENTY-EIGHTH Regiment PENN. VOL. INFTY.,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 31, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with communication dated headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, March 29, 1865, I herewith transmit a condensed report of the part taken by the Twenty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the late campaign:

Having remained in Savannah sufficient time to restore this Southern metropolis to a quietness, if not quite as much so as it was before the rebels standard was hoisted, still in a manner sufficient to transact the increasing trade of this Southern port of entry, and having rested his army for one month, and partially supplied it with clothes, and camp and garrison equipage, General Sherman once more prepares to invade the enemy's country. The Twentieth Army Corps, forming part of the Left Wing of his Army, prepared to break camp on the 26th, and the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, being part of the First Brigade, Second Division, of that corps, broke camp and took up the line of March at 8 a.m. of January 27, 1865. This campaign, like the previous one, is almost devoid of excitement, not having occasion to participate in but few affairs that can be even called skirmishes, and not one engagement worthy of the name of a battle. The enemy appeared paralyzed by the comparative strength of this army and theirs, and offered but a feeble resistance to our onward March, and that only at places of certain security to the few meant hey allowed to harass us. From the commencement to the end of this campaign of sixty days we have had but continual successes. January 27, at 8 a.m. we started toward Augusta, Ga., and marched this day twelve miles without incident, halting for the night at 3. 30 p.m. The weather was very chilly but clear. January 28, this day we were detailed as escort to the wagons, and had thirty-five under our charge to see safely into camp through mud and swamp, where we arrived safely at 7 p.m., having marched ten miles. January 28, this day we were detailed as escort to the wagons, and had thirty-five under our charge to see safely into camp through mud and swamp, where we arrived safely at 7 p.m., having marched ten miles. January 29, started from camp at 7 p.m. and marched to Springfield, Ga. (This was a post village and capital of Effingham County. It contained before the war

