
a court-house, three churches, an academy well endowed, and two or three stores, but the village is now almost a mass of ruins, the army having twice passed through it, and each time some part of it fell a prey to the excitement of a soldier by being destroyed by fire.) Having halted here for nearly an hour we proceeded on our journey and halted 2 p.m., a distance of three miles and a half from Sister's Ferry, on the Savannah River, having marched eleven miles. January 30, remained in camp all day. Sent out details across the River to remove torpedoes and repair the roads. January 31, still in camp near Sister's Ferry, Ga. Weather clear and very pleasant.

February 1 and 2, remained in camp all day. February 2, remained in camp all day; received an order to move at 5. 30 p.m., which was countermanded. February 4, left camp at 7 a.m. ; marched northeast to the River; halted at 8. 10 on its banks; heavy fog and drizzling rain, which, however, cleared off at about 9 a.m. Left here at 10 a.m. ; crossed the Savannah River, and marched through the swamps and mud until 12 m. ; halted at Little Sister's Landing; drew rations here and started again at 2 p.m. through the mud. We marched until 4 p.m., when we halted for the night at two miles and a half from Robertsville, S. C., having marched this day a distance of nine miles and a half. February 5, started at 1 p.m. and marched to a cross-roads, a distance of nine miles. Here we halted for the night at 6 p.m. ; road in tolerable good condition, considering the recent rains. No incident of note occurred to-day. February 6, left the cross-roads at 7 a.m. and marched steadily until 11. 30 a.m., when we halted for dinner; started again at 12. 45 p.m. and marched fast until 5 p.m., when we went into camp for the night; weather wet and cold; roads good, except in swamps, where it was almost impassable; marched this day fifteen miles. February 7, orders to move at 6. 30 a.m., countermanded until further orders, but moved at 7. 15 through the rain and mud, having rained all night. We marched fast until 12. 30, when we stopped for dinner; started again at 4. 45 p.m. ; crossed a swamp of halt a mile and encamped for the night at 6 p.m., having marched this day six miles without incident. February 8, started at 6 a.m. and marched steady until 11. 30; halted for dinner and moved off again at 12. 30, and after marching through a swamp one mile long e came to a halt at 4. 30 p.m., having marched twelve miles. This was the first day that we had a view of the enemy's fortifications, which were composed of two lunettes and a short line of earthworks, sufficient to use to advantage four pieces of artillery and 2,000 or 3,000 men. The regiment received an addition of eighty-eight recruits, being all that reported out of 140 sent from Carlisle Barracks, Pa. February 9, started at 6 a.m. and marched steady until 11. 30, when we halted for dinner; moved of again of at 12 m. and marched steady until we came within three-quarters of a mile of Blackville, where we went into camp for the night at 6 p.m. ; marched this day fifteen miles.

February 10, took up the line of March at 7 a.m. and marched to Blackville; halted here until 2 p.m. (this is a small post village of Barnwell District, S. C., on the South Carolina Railroad, ninety miles west-northwest from Charleston. It was at one time a thriving village, but several houses were burnt or destroyed by this army while passing through.) At 2 p.m. we left the village and crossed the South Edisto River and marched one mile, then went into camp at 9 p.m. Marched nine miles this day without incident. February 11, this day we moved at 4 p.m. halt a mile and encamped for the night at 5 p.m. February 12, we left camp at 7 a.m. and marched steady until we came

