
within three-quarters of a mile of the North Edisto River. We halted here for a time and had dinner, then the regiment commenced assisting to rebuild the bridge and corduroy the swamp leading to the River. At about 4 p.m. the enemy unmasked two pieces of artillery, supposed to be 10-pounders. They threw five or six shots of grape and shell at us, one of which killed Private Francis Ridgeway, Company D, and another wounded Colonel Flynn, commanding regiment, in the foot, slightly. By this casualty Lieutenant Colonel James Fitzpatrick became commander of the regiment. The regiment then formed and encamped for the night 100 yards from the River. Marched thirteen miles this day. February 13, moved at 6 a.m., the engineers having built the bridge under cover of the night. We crossed at 6. 30 and advanced to the support of the Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. Moved one mile and haled and cooked dinner. We remained here until all the corps and corps train passed, then moved as rear guard to the corps at 8. 45 p.m. We marched four miles and camped for the night at 10. 20 p.m., after marching this day seven miles. February 4, this day we spent as guard to the wagon train, having forty wagons in charge. We left camp at 6 a.m. ; marched all day and encamped at cross-roads at 3 p.m., having traveled eight miles.

February 15, we left camp at 6. 45 a.m. as the advance of the division, the division in advance of the corps. We deployed as skirmishers and commenced firing soon after leaving camp; came to Congaree Creek. (This creek rises in Lexington District and flows into Congaree River a few miles below Columbia.) Here about fifty of the enemy were posted to harass us in crossing. After a short time spent in reconnoitering a party composed of Captain Arner, Lieutenant Hamilton, Corporal Callahan, Company G, and one or two others, crossed the swamp and creek on the left and completely flanked them, upon seeing which they fled in disorder. The regiment then crossed the bridge, which we found had been torn up considerably and burnt in several places. It was, however, soon repaired and we again advanced; skirmished again and drove them steadily across another bridge over a small stream to a cross-roads. Here they made another stand for a short time, but we soon compelled them to leave. They fled in the direction of Columbia. After marching about one mile toward Columbia we halted for the night. The regiment went on picket after marching and skirmishing a distance of ten miles. February 16, left the picket-line with the wagons at 1 p.m. and marched until 4. 30 p.m., when we halted for the night about five miles and a half from Columbia. Marched this day seven miles. February 17, took up the line of March at 9 a.m. and after moving fast to within two miles of Columbia we turned to the left and marched two miles up the Saluda River and encamped for the night, having marched, without incident, five miles. February 18, left camp at 8 a.m. and crossed the Saluda River; then marched nine miles in a northeast direction and encamped for the night near Zion Church at 5 p.m. No incident worthy of note occurred to-day; marched eleven miles.

February 19, started from Zion Church at 4 p.m. ; took our position in the rear of the corps; roads good and weather fine. No incident occurred to-day. We marched six miles and encamped at 7 p.m. February 20, left camp at 1 p.m. ; crossed Broad River on pontoon bridges; marched until 6. 30 p. m; camped at about nine miles from Winnsborough. Broad River at this point is a stream of considerable width, and required some time in laying the pontoon, but the crossing was accomplished without accident or incident worthy of note. Febru-

46 R R - VOL XLVII, PT II

