
ary 21, started at 6. 30 a.m. and marched steady a distance of nine miles to Winnsborough, where we arrived without incident at 11. 30 a.m. Here the regiment assisted in putting out a very large fire which had been started by our advance foragers, and which at one time bid fair to destroy the town, but it was extinguished after burning but ten or fifteen very fine buildings. (Winnsborough is a post village, capital of Fairfield district, on the Charlotte and South Carolina Railroad, thirty-eight miles north from Columbia. It is situated in a fertile farming district. The railroad connects this place with Columbia and with the Catawba River. The village has several churches and academies, one bank, and a theological seminary. Two periodicals were also published here. We stopped here all night without incident.) February 22, commenced marching at 3. 30 p.m. and marched one mile. After halting for one hour we started again and marched fast for a distance of six miles and encamped at 8 p.m. Marched seven miles this day. February 23, left camp at 6. 30 a.m. and marched through rain and mud; roads in a very bad condition. We halted at Catawba River for some time, then crossed the River and encamped at 12 p.m., having marched fifteen miles. February 24, started at 10. 30 a.m. and marched through rain and mud a distance of seven miles. It rained continually all day, and the mud was almost impassable. February 25, we were compelled to stay in camp at this place (called by the citizens Liberty Hill) all day. Rained all day. February 26, marched with the wagons all day. Left at 7. 15 a.m. and halted for the night without incident at Hanging Rock, a post-office of Kershaw District, S. C., at 3 p.m. Marched this day eight miles. February 27, moved at 2 p.m. and marched two miles and a half. Crossed Hanging Rock Creek and encamped at 4 p.m. for the night. February 28, still raining. The road became almost impassable, therefore we could move but a short distance. We started at 7 a.m., and after struggling through the mire and swamp for a distance of six miles we went into camp at 12. 45 p.m.

March 1, started at 12. 45 p.m. ; marched steady, crossing Flat and Buffalo Creek. Here we were detained by the wagons about an hour; then marched steady until we came to Lynch's Creek. (This creek forms the boundary of Kershaw and Lancaster Districts, and enters into the Great Pedee River.) We were here detained again with the wagons; then started again, crossed the bridge, marched two miles, and encamped for the night at 11. 30 p.m. Rear guard of the wagon train all day. March 2, moved at 8. 45 a.m., fourth regiment in advance, brigade rear division; marched steady toward Chesterfield; halted at 12. 30 p.m. for dinner six miles from starting point. Moved at 4. 30 half a mile and encamped for the night at 5 p.m. March 3, started at 8 a.m. with the wagons; marched to Chesterfield, where we arrived at 11. 45 p.m. (Chesterfield is a small post village, capital of Chesterfield District, 105 miles northeast from Columbia.) March 4, left camp at 7 a.m. and moved halt a mile; halted here until 10. 15 a.m., when we were assigned forty wagons to escort into camp and assist through the mud. Moved in the direction of Cheraw; passed the First Division in camp at 11. 30 a.m. ; took the left-hand road and marched in direction of Sneedsborough, N. C. ; crossed the line at 4 p.m. ; camped at 6 p.m. two miles and a half from Great Pedee River. March 5, remained in camp all day; weather fine. March 6, started at 8 a.m. and marched steady and fast to Cheraw, where we arrived at 2 p.m. (Cheraw is a post village of Chesterfield District, on the right bank of the Great Pedee River, at the head of steam-boat navigation, ninety-three miles east-northeast from Columbia. It has a plank road leading to Wades-

