
borough, N. C., and is a place of some importance as a deport of cotton. Cheraw contains one bank, several churches and academies. Population in 1860 about 1,000.) We remained in the town until 4 p.m. We then crossed the River and marched five miles in the direction of Fayetteville and halted for the night at 6 p.m., having marched sixteen miles. March 7, moved at 8 a.m. and marched steady with the wagons until 2 p.m., when we encamped for the night at five miles from Rockingham, having marched twelve miles; fine weather all day. March 8, started at 1 p.m. with the wagons; encamped at 11 p.m. eight miles in direction of Lumber River, N. C. No incident occurred to-day worthy of note. March 9, started at 6. 45 a.m. and marched in advance of the wagons steady and in the rain and encamped at 4. 40, one mile from Lumber River; rained very hard for nearly three hours just as we arrived in camp; marched this day thirteen miles.

March 10, left camp at 3. 30 p.m. and crossed Lumber River. (This River at this point is of considerable width. It rises near the north-east corner of Richmond County, N. C., flows in a southerly course, and enters the Little Pedee River, in South Carolina, about fourteen miles east from Marion Court-House.) We marched until 8 p.m., when we encamped for the night, having marched four miles. March 11, left camp at 6. 45 again with the teams. Marched in the direction of Fayetteville, N. C. We made good time until we came to where the First Division was encamped when, they were ordered to March and leave their wagons with us. The roads were very muddy and it was almost impossible to get along, but we managed to reach camp at 10 p.m. after marching sixteen miles. March 12, started at 8 a.m. ; marched to within half a mile of Fayetteville; reached camp at 4 p. m, having marched fourteen miles without incident. March 13, moved from camp at 1 p.m. and marched through Fayetteville to within half a mile of Cape Fear River, where we laid until 4. 30 a.m. of March 14. (Fayetteville is a flourishing town, capital of Cumberland County, N. C. ; is situated on the left bank of Cape Fear River, at the head of navigation, sixty miles South from Raleigh and 100 miles northwest from Wilmington. The town is regularly laid out, with streets 100 feet wide. It contained an arsenal of construction (which was torn down by orders of General Sherman.) March 14, at 4. 30 a.m. we crossed the Cape Fear River. (This River is the largest and most important River whose course lies wholly in North Carolina, and the only one which flows directly into the sea from this State. Steam-boats ascend in all stages of water to Fayetteville, N. C. Its length is estimated at over 300 miles, and it is formed by the junction of the Haw and Deep Rivers near the center of the State.) After crossing the River we marched three miles and went into camp at 6. 30 a.m. and remained in camp the balance of the day. March 15, to-day the division was detailed as escort to the entire corps wagon train, so as to allow the First and Third Divisions to move unencumbered. We started at 12. 45 and had the most trouble with the train that we have had since being with Sherman's Army. We were traveling all night up to 1 a.m. with these teams, pushing and pulling them through the mire, traveling a distance of nine miles in direction of Washington, N. C.

March 16, left camp at 10 a.m. ; still with the wagons; we marched eight miles; raining and blowing hard; camped at 9 p.m. March 17, remained in camp without incident all day. March 18, started at 6. 15 a.m. ; with the wagons all day; the regiment in

