
advance of the train. This day we corduroyed the road nearly all the way. Arrived in camp at 8. 30 p.m. Marched to-day six miles. March 19, left camp at 11. 15 a.m. with the teams again, and marched on a tolerably good road for a distance of eight miles, and had just arrived in camp and stacked arms when we were ordered to move. We arrived in camp at 11. 50 p.m. March 20, started at 2. 30 a.m. and marched to where the Fourteenth Army Corps and First Division, Twentieth Army Corps, had an engagement yesterday, a distance of nine miles. We here halted for the day. March 21, remained in camp all day without incident. Heard heavy firing to the right of our line. March 22, started on our return to Goldsborough at 8 a.m., and marched back the same road we went out on yesterday, and encamped at 11. 30 p.m. after marching twelve miles. March 23, left camp at 6 a.m. ; crossed the Neuse River and marched three miles; camped at Smithfield Cross-Roads at 3 p.m., having come nine miles. We here met the Twenty-third and parts of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Army Corps. March 24, we took up the line of March for Goldsborough at 6. 30 and arrived at the town at 1 p.m. We were here reviewed by Major-General Sherman and passed on for one mile and a half north of the town, where we encamped at about 3 p.m. (Goldsborough is a post village, capital of Wayne County, N. C., on the Neuse River, where it is crossed by the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad, fifty miles southeast of Raleigh.) March 25, remained in camp all day. March 26, changed camp at about 11 a.m. and marched two miles, and arrived at the camp which we now occupy.

Thus has closed the most successful campaign of any general on record. The regiment I have the honor to command I cannot but say both officers and men have performed all their arduous duties with alacrity. This record is a very imperfect expression of their patience and general courage, in common with the Twentieth Army Corps, now occupy the defenses of Goldsborough, N. C.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JAS. FITZPATRICK,

Lieutenant Colonel 28th Regiment Pennsylvania Vet. Vol. Infty., Commanding Regiment

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.
HDQRS. TWENTY-EIGHTH Regiment PENN. VET. VOL. INFTY.,Near Bladensburg, Md., May 26, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular dated headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, May 25, 1865, I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by the Twenty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteer Infantry in the late movement from Goldsborough, N. C., which closed with the grand review at Washington, D. C., by the President and Lieutenant-General Grant:

The March was for the greater part one of pleasure, inasmuch as there was no forming in line of battle or skirmishing, and after leaving Raleigh there was nothing to mar the happiness of the men on the early return of peace except the death of our late beloved and lamented President, Abraham Lincoln. Each one felt that he had lost a friend; indeed a more than friend - a father, even. After remaining in Goldsborough, N. C., receiving supplies of all kinds, we received orders to be

