
ready to move on the 10th of April, 1865. April 10, broke camp at 6 a.m. ; marched through Goldsborough, N. C., taking the road to Smithfield. Heavy skirmishing nearly all day at the head of the column. At 1 p.m. halted for dinner; started at 2 p.m. During the afternoon it began to rain. We marched slowly over bad roads and swamps and reached camp at 12 midnight, having marched fourteen miles this day. April 11, left camp at 6. 30 a. m; weather cloudy; roads muddy. Marched rather fast during the afternoon. Arrived at Smithfield, N. C., and camped at 3 p.m., after marching fifteen miles. 12th, news of the surrender of Lee's army was received this morning with great rejoicing amongst the troops. Left camp at 10 a.m., marched through Smithfield, and crossed the Neuse River at 3 p.m. Halted for dinner twenty minutes; started at 3. 30 p. m; marched till 7 p.m. and camped in the field; marched this day thirteen miles. 13th, started for camp at 6 a.m., nothing of interest occurring this day. Arrived at Raleigh, N. C., and expected a battle, but were disappointed, General Joe Johnston not feeling inclined to risk a fight. Camped on the west side of the city at 3. 30 p.m. ; marched fifteen miles. 14th, in camp all day. 15th, orders were received to move at 6 a.m. and pass through Raleigh in review, which were countermanded. Rained nearly all day. 16th, remained in camp all day. News of Johnston's surrender received. 17th to 21st, in camp. 22nd, relieved by Major General W. T. Sherman in Raleigh, N. C. 23rd and 24th, in camp. 25th, received marching orders; broke camp at 7 a.m. ; moved at 9 a.m. ; marched seven miles; halted for dinner at 2 p.m. twenty minutes; started at 2. 30 p.m. ; marched seven miles and camped near Jones' Cross-Roads, N. C., at 6 p.m. ; marched this day fourteen miles. 26th and 27th, in camp near Jones' Cross-Roads. 28th, received orders to March back to Raleigh. Broke Camp at 5 a. m; arrived at Raleigh at 12 m., and returned to former camps, having marched fourteen miles. 29th, in camp. Received orders to be ready to March to Washington via Richmond, Va. 30th, broke camp at 7 a.m. ; marched through Raleigh, N. C., homeward bound, thirteen miles; crossing the Neuse River at Manteo's Mills, and camped at 7 p.m. ; marched this day sixteen miles; road good and fine weather. May 1, left camp at 5 a.m. ; marched thirteen miles; halted one hour for dinner; started at 2 p.m. ; marched nine miles; crossed the Tar River and camped at 5 p.m. ; marched this day twenty-two miles. 2nd, left camp at 5 a.m. ; marched twelve miles; halted for dinner one hour; this day started at 1. 30 p. m; marched five miles; camped at 5 p.m. marched miles; crossed the Virginia and North Carolina State line at 10 a.m. and camped for the day, God roads and fine weather. 4th, left camp at 8 a.m.; crossed the Roanoke River at 9.30 a.m. The regiment was train guard this day. Halted for dinner at 2 p.m. ; arrived in camp at 7 p.m., four miles from Saffold's Bridge; marched this day sixteen miles. 5th, left camp at 5 a.m. ; marched twelve miles; halted for dinner at 2 p.m. ; started at 3 p.m. ; marched four miles and camped at 6 p.m. at Scott's house, one mile and a half from Nottoway River. Warm day; marched about two miles; caught up to the First Division, and halted for one hour; marched again till 12 m. ; crossed the Nottoway River and halted for dinner; started at 1. 30 p.m. ; marched until 6 p.m. ; camped near Wilson's Station, South Side Railroad. The Sixth Corps were camped here, and a number of Pennsylvania Volunteer regiments,

