
Second Rhode Island, &amp;c. ; marched this day about twelve miles. 7th, left camp at 7 a.m. ; marched quite slowly until 12 m. ; stopped for dinner; started at 1. 30 p.m. ; rested often on the route; crossed the Appomattox River at 6. 30 p.m. ; camped one mile from the River; marched about sixteen miles this day. 8th, left camp at 6 a.m. ; marched ten miles; halted for dinner one hour at 12. 30 p.m. ; started at 1. 30 p.m. ; marched ten miles; crossed the Falling Creek and camped one mile from the River at 7 p.m. 9th, charged camp at 9 a.m. ; marched one mile. 10th, in camp all day. 11th, left camp at 9 a.m. ; marched through Manchester and Richmond, Va. The First Division, Twenty-fourth Corps, was paraded in Manchester to review the Army of Georgia, and made a fine appearance. Camped three miles from Richmond, at Brook Church. Marched ten miles this day. Rained hard all night. 12th, left camp at 6 a.m. ; halted at 10 a.m. for dinner; started at 11. 30 a.m. ; marched over very bad roads and swamps; camped at Ashland, on the Fredericksburg and Richmond Railroad, at 6 p.m. ; marched this day about twelve miles. 13th, left camp at 5. 30 a.m. ; crossed the South Anna River and the New Found River; halted three-quarters of an hour for dinner; started at 12 m. ; crossed the Little River and camped at Trinity Church at 4 p.m. ; marched fifteen miles this day. Good camp-ground and plenty of water. 14th, left camp at 5 a.m. ; marched five miles; crossed the North Anna River. Met the First Division, fourteenth Army Corps, at Chilesburg and went to the right of it. Halted for dinner at 12 m. ; started at 1. 30 p.m. ; crossed the Mattapony River and camped one mile from it at 4 p.m. ; marched nineteen miles this day. Blue Ridge Mountains in sight. 15th, the left camp at 5 a.m. ; marched through Spotsylvania Court-House, over the battle-grounds of Grant of May 8 to 14, 1864. Crossed the Po and Ny Rivers; halted for dinner one hour at the Ny. Many dead bodies lie exposed on the plains, and the works are of the strongest kind and show very stubborn fighting. Arrived at Chancellorsville at 3. 30 p.m. ; halted, and General Geary looked for and found the remains of Major Chapman and had then taken up and brought away without us. Here, too, many bodies are exposed. Crossed Rappahannock River at United States Ford at 7 p.m. and camped on the north side of the River; marched twenty-one miles this day. 16th, left camp at 4. 30 a.m. ; marched by Hoartwood Church and United States Ford Gold Mines; halted one hour for dinner at 12 m. ; started again at 1 p.m. ; marched to near Town Creek and camped at 4 p.m. ; marched this day sixteen miles. 17th, left camp at 5 a.m. in the following order: Second, Third, and First Divisions, First, Second, and Third Brigades. Fourteenth Corps in sight on our left. Crossed the Broad and Cedar Runs; this day; weather hot and sultry. 18th, left camp at 9. 30 a.m. Orders to be ready at 7. 30 a.m. ; day hot and sultry. Marched slowly until 12 m. ; crossed the Occoquan River; halted for dinner one hour and a half. Started again at 1. 30 p.m. ; crossed Bull Run at 6 p.m. Commenced raining quite hard, which made the roads bad. Marched until 9 p.m. ; mud knee-deep; camped near Fairfax Station, Va. ; marched twelve miles. 19th, left camp at 6 a.m. ; passed Fairfax Station; Two hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers, Brevet Brigadier-General Albright commanding, at the station; ran into the First Division train; halted until they got out of the way; day cloudy and drizzling. Halted at 12 m. fro dinner one hour; started at 1. 30 p.m. ; arrived at Cloud's Mills, Va., three miles from Alexandria, and camped at 6. 30 p.m. ; marched seventeen miles this day. 20th, 21st, and 22nd, in camp. 23rd, in camp. A new State flag presented to the regiment by Mr. J. B.

