
Nicholson on behalf of the governor of Pennsylvania, and received by Chaplain N. B. Critchfield on behalf of the regiment. 24th, broke camp at 5 a.m. this day and marched through Washington in review (a grand review day). Very dusty marching. After review marched to a new camp, one mile and a half from Bladensburg, Md., near the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, five miles from the Capitol, where we are quietly resting, awaiting our return to our homes.

JAMES FITZPATRICK,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding 28th Regiment Penn. Vet. Vol. Infty.

Captain A. H. W. CREIGH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 162. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel John Craig, One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations January 27-March 24 and April 9-May 17.
HDQRS. 147TH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOL. INFANTRY,Near Goldsborough, N. C., April 1, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with instruction received I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and forty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in this long and trying campaign just ended:

On the morning of the 27th of January we took up our line of March, moving north on a road running nearly parallel with the Savannah River to Sister's Ferry, which we reached on the afternoon of the 29th of January.

Here we were detained until the morning of February 4 on account of the heavy rains which raised the River, overflowing part of the road, causing it impassable. We crossed the River, marched northward, striking the [South Carolina] Railroad at Blackville on the morning of February 10; continued our direction nearly north; crossed the South Fork of the Edisto River. February 12 this regiment was in the advance, occasionally getting sight of a few revel cavalry. Reaching Jeffcoat's Bridge on the North Fork of the Edisto River about 1 p.m. we found the bridge destroyed and the enemy contesting our crossing. I immediately tried to make a crossing with part of my command on the west side of the road, but the River was swollen too much. Two companies, under Captain Kreider, in connection with the Fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, charged down to the River-bank, driving the enemy from the opposite side. The Fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry crossed several companies in a small boat, allowing us to rebuild the bridge. About 11 p.m. Captain John W. Parks, Company H, One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, with two companies, relieved that part of the Fifth Ohio. About 4 a.m. February 13 I advanced. Found the enemy had evacuated this point. At daylight I continued to advance; soon found the enemy. As my skirmishers were crossing a mill-race they were fired upon. I pressed forward and drove them. In this skirmish I had one man wounded. We still continued our March northward, arriving opposite Columbia, S. C., on the afternoon of February 17. On the 18th we crossed the Saluda River, and 20th, the Broad River, reaching Winnsborough on the 21st.

