
Numbers 163. Report of Colonel George w. Mindil, thirty-third New Jersey Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations January 27-March 25.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 26, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit for the information of the general commanding division the following report of the campaign from January 27, 1865, to March 25, 1865:

Accompanying this please find a chronological report of events pertaining to my command during the campaign just closed. As there are no details of more explicit and full.

The campaign occupied nearly sixty days from the 27th day of January to the 26th day of March, inclusive, during which period we traversed nearly 500 miles through a hostile country, abounding in swamps, large rivers, and over the worst of roads. The large wagon trains accompanying the column required not only an efficient guard, but much labor in rendering the roads passable, and I can safely estimate fifteen miles of corduroy and constructed by my brigade.

At Winnsborough, S. C., on the 22nd day of February, the brigade was detailed to destroy the Columbia and Charlotte Railroad, and rendered useless about four miles of track, bending and twisting the rails and burning the ties. Near Laurel Hill, N. C. about a mile of the Wilmington railroad was broken in a similar manner; making in all five miles of railroad track destroyed by this brigade. Just previous to reaching Fayetteville, and subsequently, the entire trains of the corps were assigned to the care of this division, and the roads being of the worst character, the men were constantly employed, night and day, in helping them along over had places and through dense swamps needing corduroying throughout their entire extent. During this time the work was heavy; at one period my command toiled through two nights and three days with the rear of the trains. The army becoming engaged with the enemy toward Mill Creek, General Geary, with the First and Third Brigade, proceeded to the front, leaving me with the Second Brigade, the First Michigan Engineers, and a pontoon regiment in charge of the trains,intrench them until otherwise directed. Finding a suitable position for defense near Canaan Church, on the road by Falling Creek to Grantham's, the trains were closely parked, the troops placed in position, and the entire camp intrenched. With the 2,000 muskets I had to defend it was safe against the attack of any force. The brigade did not remain in this position long, for at 12 m. on the 20th instant orders were received to proceed to Goldsborough. After corduroying a swamp nearly two miles in extent the train was moved and parked for the night on Thornton's plantation, near Falling Creek, proceeding the following day as far as Grantham's on the main road to Cox's Brigade. Here orders were received from corps headquarters to proceed to the junction of the Cox's Bridge and Everettsville road with the Dead Field and Goldsborough road, for the purpose of establishing a temporary depot and hospital for the corps. We arrived at the camp indicated on the afternoon of the 22nd, and the hospital was soon located, every available wagon being unloaded and dispatched to Kinston for supplies under escort of the One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers and One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

