
On the 24th, in compliance with orders, the sick and wounded were removed to Goldsborough, and on the following day, after the arrival of 130 empty wagons on which to load the material left by the train sent after rations, the brigade with the train crossed the Neuse River and rejoined the corps in its permanent camp. Starting with but ten days' rations of bread it was necessary to issue this but sparingly, depending on the produce of the country for subsistence. But few tons and villages, where an accumulation of supplies can be most readily found, enough of flour on hand to subsist his household for short intervals, other means than those employed of foraging in the last campaign were necessarily adopted. A detachment of reliable men, well mounted, under the command of a field officer, was at once organized as a brigade foraging party with instructions to seize mills near the line of March, and by collecting wheat and corn, always to be found, to convert it into flour and meal. By this means a large quantity was obtained, and my brigade upon the entire campaign never lived upon less than half rations of breadstuffs. Coffee and sugar at half rations lasted throughout.

The following statement will give an approximate estimate of the provisions obtained from the country and consumed by the brigade; 1,500 pounds flour, 25,000 pounds meal, 3,000 pounds salt meat, 2,000 pounds beans, 50 bushels potatoes, 300 head of cattle. One day's ration of bread, five days' of coffee and salt, and 120 head of cattle are still on hand. Under the circumstances the troops lived well and never uttered a word of compliant.

The animals of the command fared even better than when in camp. Grain, hay, and long forage were found in abundance. The following will show the number of horses and mules captured, and the quantity of forage obtained from the count the public and private animals of the brigade: Horses captured, 50; mules captured, 60; forage obtained in the country and consumed, 194,000 pounds. Only 10,000 pounds of forage were drawn from the Government. About thirty-two negroes of both sexes and all ages followed the command and were sent to Wilmington, per order, from camp this side of Fayetteville.

Considering the distance traveled, the severity of the March, and the hard labor performed on the roads, the troops arrived in camp in good health and excellent spirits. Nearly every soldier requires a complete outfit before staring on another campaign. The spirit of the command is splendid, and the faithful manner in which they performed their duty in the past promises well for their future campaigns.

My regimental commanders did well, and deserve mention for their devotion to duty as all times.

To my personal staff I eel especially indebted for their assistance and co-operation. If awards are to be granted I trust that Surg. J. L. Dunn, One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, an old and faith ful officer, may be breveted lieutenant-Colonel, and Captain N. K. Bray, of the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, my assistant adjutant-general, be either appointed in the department with his present rank or receive a major's brevet.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

G. W. MINDIL,

Colonel Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. T. FORBES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

