
[Inclosure.]

Chronological report of the campaign of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Corps, from January 27, 1865, to March 26, 1865.

January 27, moved at 8 a.m., second in line, and encamped twelve miles out on the Augusta road. January 28, moved at 6 a.m., the brigade leading, and encamped two miles from Springfield Court-House at 3 p.m. January 29 (Sunday), moved at 6. 30 a.m. in charge of wagon train; passed through Springfield and encamped on the Sister's Ferry road, three miles from the ferry. January 30, in camp, waiting for the roads on the Carolina side, near the pontoon bridge, to be corduroyed and for torpedoes to be removed. January 31, still in camp. February 1, in camp. Brigade reviewed by me and found in splendid order for the field. February 2, in camp. February 3, in camp; heavy rain. February 4, marched at 6 a.m. ; crossed the pontoon bridge; marched for two miles through a dense swamps, and halted on a bluff to load rations of bread, coffee, sugar, and encamped on Maner's farm, on the Robertsville road, for the night. February 5, moved at 1 p.m. toward Lawtonville, passing through Robertsville, which we found entirely destroyed, and encamped five miles beyond. February 6, passed through Lawtonville, likewise destroyed, and encamped four miles and a half beyond on the Buford's Bridge road. February 7, crossed Coosawhatchie Swamp and encamped. February 8, marched fourteen miles, crossing the Salkehatchie River at Buford's Bridge, and encamped. February 9, moved toward Blackville, a station on the Augusta railroad, where the balance of the corps was encamped, and halted one mile and a half from it. February 10, remained as a guard to the corps train and to the village. February 11, moved at 7 a.m. in charge of the entire train of the corps to Duncan's Bridge, on the South Edisto. February 12, the brigade crossed Duncan's Bridge, rejoining the division; marched fourteen miles to Jeffcoat's Bridge on the North Edisto, where General Pardee skirmished with the enemy, who had destroyed the bridge, and were disputing from the opposite bank, with artillery, the construction of a new one. During the night the enemy left and the First Michigan Engineers completed a crossing. February 13, crossed the North Fork of the Edisto, and formed line in support of General Pardee's brigade. Engaged with the enemy. Tg but slight and soon over we resumed the March after the passage of the rest of the corps and encamped four miles beyond on the Lexington road. February 14, marched at 10 a.m. and encamped near the cross-roads to Columbia, Lexington, and Augusta at 2 p.m. February 15, moved at 6. 30 a.m., Pardee's brigade leading and skirmishing with the enemy, and encamped within one mile of Lexington, near the turn to Columbia. General Barnum's brigade occupied Lexington. February 16, moved at 7 a.m., the division in charge of the corps train, toward Columbia, and encamped at 3 p.m. within three miles of the Congaree River. February 17, moved toward the Saluda River on the Zion Church road, and encamped near the crossing. The Right Wing occupy Columbia t 11. 30 a.m. February 18, crossed the Saluda on between the Broad and Saluda Rivers. Orders received to make rations last forty days. February 19, moved toward Freshly's Mills on Broad River, and encamped near the banks of the stream. February 20, moved at 1 p.m. across Broad River on pontoon bridge; then crossed

