
Little River and encamped on the Winnsborough road, on Owen's farm. February 21, marched into Winnsborough, and the brigade, in connection with General Barnum's command, destroying the Columbia and Charlotte Railroad; from thence toward White Oak. February 22, the two brigades destroyed effectually about eight miles of track, burning all ties and stringers and bending and twisting the rails; moved via White Oak to Wateree Meeting-House, on the road to Rocky Mount. February 23, moved to rejoin the corps, via Gladden's Grove; crossed the Catawba on pontoon bridge near Rocky Mount, and encamped for the night on Ballard's farm, in Lancaster County. February 24, moved toward Hanging Rock fourteen miles. February 25, remained in camp; heavy rain during the day. February 26, marched and encamped at Hanging Rock, S. C. February 27, crossed Hanging Rock Creek and encamped three miles beyond. February 28, crossed Little Lynch's creek, corduroying much road, and encamped near Clyburn's Store, Lancaster County, S. C.

March 1, crossed Lynch's Creek near Farily's Ford and entered Chesterfield County in its southwest corner. March 2, marched toward Chesterfield Court-House and encamped near the crossing at Big Black Creek. March 3, crossed the creek near Hubbard's and passed through Chesterfield Court-House, encamping half a mile outside the village on Thompson's Creek. March 4, crossed Thompson's Creek, turned to the left toward Sneedsborough, and encamped beyond the border in North Carolina. March 5, remained in camp. March 6, retraced our March via the plan road to Cheraw, S. C., crossed the Great Pedee on a pontoon bridge, and encamped four miles beyond the River on the Fayetteville road. March 7, moved at 6 a.m. in advance of the corps and encamped on the Wilmington, Charlotte and Rutherford Railroad one mile west of Station 103. The brigade destroyed three-quarters of a mile of track. March 8, marched seven miles toward McFarland's Bridge over Lumber River; heavy rain. March 9, moved six miles and a half and encamped near the bridge mentioned. March 10, crossed the bridge over Lumber River and encamped one mile and a half beyond. March 1, marched toward Fayetteville, the division taking charge of the entire corps train, and encamped on the plank road fourteen miles from the town. The fourteenth Corps enters Fayetteville. March 12, the division marched at 12 m. with all the trains of the corps and encamped at Fayetteville for the night. A mail sent north via Wilmington. March 13, review of the Twentieth Corps by General Sherman in passing through the town. Crossed the Cape Fear River on pontoon bridge and encamped three miles beyond on the plan road to Raleigh. March 14, in camp. March 15, moved at 4 p.m. in charge of the rear of the entire corps train. Marched five miles during day and night and continued marching on the 16th without rest, all day and night, and halted at 4 a.m. on the 17th, having made but ten miles over miserable roads. Resumed the March, after corduroying the roads, at 11 a.m., crossing South River, and encamped four miles beyond, rejoining the division. March 18, moved at 6 a.m. and encamped on the Bentonville road, about thirty miles from Goldsborough, the division still in charge of the train of the corps. Heavy fighting by the army in our front. March 19, moved to Canaan Church, on the road to Grantham's, and encamped. The First and Third Brigades marched to the battle-field at midnight, leaving the Second Brigade, the First Michigan Engineers, and pontoniers to take charge of the trains. March 20, engaged all the morning in intrenching the trains; completed work strong enough to resist a formidable assault from any force, however strong. Moved at 1 p.m. through a swamp one mile in extent,

