
our line of March for Sister's Ferry via Springfield turnpike, passing through Springfield on the morning of the 29th. We camped that evening within five miles of the ferry.

In this camp we remained five days, awaiting the construction of roads and bridges and the removal of torpedoes, &amp;c., upon the South Carolina shore.

This work was completed February 3, and on the 4th we crossed the River, took up five days' full rations at the landing above, and set out fairly upon the campaign through South Carolina, directing our line of March toward Robertsville, at which town we arrived the next day and continued our March, following the path taken by the corps. After tedious marched far into the night, and during raining, stormy weather, we crossed Salkehatchie Creek at Buford's Bridge about dark on the evening of the 8th, having made since crossing the Savannah River fifty-six miles over very bad roads. The enemy had erected heavy rifle-pits at this point but were unable to use them. Setting out at daybreak the next day we made eighteen miles over good roads and joined the corps at Blackville, our division having marched independently up to this time. During the 10th we lay still, guarding the train, while the rest of the troops were engaged in tearing up the railroad running to Augusta. On the 11th we resumed the March and bivouacked on the banks of the South Edisto, seven miles from Blackville. The bridge being completed during the night we crossed the next morning and by 4 p.m. reached the North Edisto, fifteen miles distant, First Brigade of our division being in advance. This crossing was held by the enemy, who used one piece of artillery with some effect. Before daybreak on the following morning the brigade effected a crossing and we were hurried over to support, if necessary, but assistance was not needed, the enemy retiring. Falling to the rear of the corps we did not resume the route until dusk. We made six miles, however, before camping. The next day we made eight miles, bivouacking at the Lexington, Columbia and Augusta cross-roads. By 3 p.m. on the following day we had reached Lexington Court-House, nine miles distant, and near which we halted for the night. The next morning we turned to the right, taking the main road to Columbia, our duty being that of train guard. Halting within four miles of the city we threw up a slight line of works to defend the rear from cavalry. Moving to the left of Columbia we, on the following day, took the road toward the Saluda River. Then continuing the route, crossing Broad and Little Rivers, we reached Winnsborough on the 21st, having experienced slow, tedious, and weary marching in rainy weather and over the day. Regiment till dark, and, resuming the work of destruction the following day for four miles above Winnsborough, we afterward marched toward the Catawba River at Rocky Mount Post-Office, making fifteen miles and halting after midnight. The following evening we reached and crossed the Catawba during a tremendous rain-storm and bivouacked about one mile beyond it, making a March of eighteen miles. On the 24th we made but four miles on the Hanging Rock road. On the 25th we reached Hanging Rock, eight miles distant, and the following day crossed the creek, pushed the division wagons up the hill and went into camp with them, three miles beyond the creek. At 4 a.m. on the 28th the regiment was ordered to proceed in advance to Little Lynch's Creek and guard it. We did the work as ordered and camped at Clyburn's Store, a March of nine miles; were mustered for pay also.

