
The 1st, 2nd, and 3rd of March we spent in guarding the train as it moved along on the Chesterfield road, averaging ten miles per day. On the 4th, moving through Chesterfield Court-House and crossing Thompson's creek, we marched in a northeast course toward the North Carolina line at Sneedsborough, distant nine miles. On the 5th we remained stationary. On the 6th, marching down to Cheraw, crossed the Great Pedee and camped three miles beyond, at White's Creek, on the Fayetteville road. On the 7th we again made fifteen miles and camped within five miles of Rockingham; tore up a portion of the Wilmington and Charlotte Railroad. March 8, with the wagon train again; stormy weather and make but ten miles and haul up, struck in the mud; rain still falling. The next day we crossed Drowning Creek, making nearly all night halted at 4 a.m. on the 12th, having made fourteen miles. Resuming the route at 10 a.m., we made Fayetteville, fourteen miles by the plank road, by dark. March 13, passing through Fayetteville, were reviewed informally by General Sherman. Crossing Cape Rear River, we moved out six miles on the Raleigh plank road; sent mails by steamer to Wilmington, and also received a limited supply of shoes for the men by same means. March 14, remained stationary. On the 15th, our division being detached to guard the corps train, we moved out with the rear at 4 p.m., raining terribly, and by 3 a.m. on the 16th had made seven miles upon the plank road. Halted till daylight, then resumed the route, and at 5 a.m. on the 17th had made seven miles. Storm still continuing, resumed the March at 7 a.m. and, crossing the Black River on the Goldsborough road, by the evening of the 18th had made thirteen miles.

On the 19th, crossing Big Cohera Creek, we made eight miles and camped near a church. Heavy firing had been heard all day to our left, and that evening two brigades of our division were sent to the front and the Second Brigade left to guard the whole corps train. On the 20th, after encircling our position with a substantial line of works, we moved out at dusk, making seven miles, and camped at midnight near Falling Waters. The next evening reached Grantham's Store, five miles storm lasting all day. On the 22nd we reached the Neuse River at the railroad crossing, five miles from Goldsborough and eight miles from Grantham's Store. Having dispatched our trains to Kinston we lay here until the 25th, when we crossed the Neuse and pitched our camp northeast of Goldsborough. In accordance with orders we foraged liberally upon the country during the campaign and in general my men were plentifully supplied with provisions. But at times, owing to the inclemency of the weather, delaying as it did the movement of the troops, and to the poor, improvised state of the country over which we passed, we did suffer for food. Much suffering was caused by the inability of the quartermaster's department to fully equip the men before leaving Savannah, and some of my men were entirely without shoes before the campaign was ended. For severe and long continued marches, often extending far into the night, and for exposure to cold and stormy weather for days in succession (the fatigue increased as it was insufficient clothing and food), the campaign from Savannah to Goldsborough surpasses any previous campaign of this command.

ENOS FOURAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain N. K. BRAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

