
Numbers 165. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Enos Fourat and Major Nathaniel K. Bray, Thirty-third New Jersey Infantry, of operations April 10-May 19.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,Near Washington, D. C., May 28, 1865.

Official report of Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers from Goldsborough, N. C., to Alexandria, Va.

From Goldsborough, N. C., to Jones' Cross-Roads, N. C.

Under my command the regiment left Goldsborough, N. C., on Monday, April 10, moving out with the division on the road to Raleigh and nearest the Neuse River; making about twelve miles we camped for the night, having made a tedious and wearisome March. Tuesday, the 11th, my regiment was in advance, leading both division and corps. Shortly after passing the picket-line of the First Division I deployed a company on each side of the road and moved one on the road, placing Captain McCoy, Company K, in command of the three companies, thus constituting the advance guard. The enemy showed himself in our front continually in small parties of cavalry, opposing our progress at every swamp and bridge or creek. At several points a hasty barricade of rails was thrown across the road, and at every available point they exchanged shots with my skirmishers. No one was injured among my men, but pushing steadily on through deep swamps, waist-deep, we drove them past Smithfield. Here I met the Fourteenth Army Corps, and we camped for the night. This skirmish was the last of the division and the corps. The next day, crossing the Neuse River, we continued the March to Raleigh, and on the following day reached the city and camped on the hills to the west of it. Here we remained during the armistice until Tuesday, April 25, when I moved the regiment out to Jones' Cross-Roads, twelve miles from Raleigh. On the following day, having received leave of absence for twenty days, I resigned the command to Captain McCoy, Company K.

ENOS FOURAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

On the 27th [28th] of April the regiment was moved back to its old camp near Raleigh, and I assumed command. On the 20th we started for Washington, via Richmond, and reached Falling Creek, near Manchester, Va., on the 8th of May, and passed through the fallen city on the 11th in column of companies, continuing the March toward Washington, via Spotsylvania, Chancellorsville, Cutlet's Station, to Cloud's Mills, Va., at which station we arrived on Friday, the 19th of May, 1865.

The March from Raleigh was easy, regular, and devoid of special interest. My troops were orderly and well behaved, strictly abstaining from depredations upon the country.

N. K. BRAY,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

