
Numbers 167. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Allan H. Jackson, One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Infantry, of operations January 27- March 25 and April 10-May 26.
HDQRS. 134TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Raleigh, N. C., April 18, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following upon the part taken by my regiment in the campaign of the Carolinas:

January 27, moved from Savannah, Ga., about 9 a.m., and camped at a point twelve miles distant, the regiment being in command of Captain P. E. McMaster. January 28, marched at 6 a.m., reaching camp at night; distant about twenty-five miles from Savannah, Ga. January 29, moved at 6 a.m. ; regiment on train guard; camped within a short distance of Sister's Ferry, Ga. January 30, lay in camp. Lieutenant Colonel A. H. Jackson resumed command. January 31, still in camp; no move until February 4. Marched at 6 a.m. ; crossed Savannah River and bivouacked near Robertsville.

February 5, moved at 1 p.m. ; passed through Robertsville; made about eight miles and went on picket. February 6, regiment on train guard. February 7, regiment on train guard. February 8, crossed Buford's Bridge and made camp. February 9, sent out a party of foragers and camped near Blackville. February 10, moved a short distance and encamped; still in sight of Blackville. February 11, started 6 a.m. ; regiment first in line; brigade in advance; made six miles. February 12, moved at 6 a.m. ; crossed South Fork of Edisto River, and after marching fourteen miles reached North fork of Edisto River; skirmishing with the enemy by First Brigade. February 13, enemy driven by First Brigade from the crossing at daylight; crossed the River and picketed at Jones' Bridge; marched at night five miles and did picket at Jones' Cross-Roads. February 14, started 6 a.m. ; marched all day and made camp at midnight. February 15, marched with the advance and encamped near Lexington Court-House. February 16, on train guard; camped four miles from Congaree River. February 17, still on train guard; camped at Zion Church; Columbia occupied by Fifteenth Corps. February 18, crossed Saluda River and camped about five miles from Broad River. February 19, guarding train. February 20, crossed Broad River and encamped about nine miles from Winnsborough at 8 p.m. February 21, moved at 6 a.m. ; advance entered Winnsborough about 11 a.m., and the regiment assisted in the destruction of the railroad. February 22, still destroying railroad; moved to White Oak Station and thence joined division and encamped at 8 p.m. February 23, crossed Catawba River and encamped, after having made nearly thirty miles. February 24, on train guard; moved but a short distance. February 25, lay still in camp near Liberty Hill. February 26, made Hanging Rock and did picket duty at that point. February 27, on train guard; crossed a branch of Lynch's Creek. February 28, again guarding train.

March 1, still on train guard. March 2, marched in advance of column. March 3 and 4, on train guard; did picket duty on 4th. March 5, remained on picket. March 6, moved 9 a.m. ; reached Cheraw, S. C., and crossing Great Pedee River made camp about four miles beyond. Marcy 7, made camp at night near Station Numbers 103, Wilmington and Charlotte Railroad. March 8, moved at 1 p.m., guarding train. March 9, 10, 11, same duty. March 12, marched at

