
1 a.m., and reaching Fayetteville made camp near U. S. Arsenal. March 13, moved at noon; reviewed by General Sherman; crossed Cape Fear River and encamped. March 14, still in camp. March 15, Second Division guarding the train of the whole corps; marched nearly all night and went into camp at 4. 30 in the morning. March 16, moved at 7 a.m. ; road in a terrible condition. March 17, still on the March; crossed South River and camped about three miles from crossing. March 18, train guard. March 19, marched at 6 a.m. anarching nine miles; heavy firing heard in our front; went on picket. March 20, First and Third Brigades ordered to the front; Second Brigade in charge of the trains, which were parked, and rifle-pits thrown up around them; marched at 2 p.m. and camped near Falling Creek. March 21, started at 6 a.m., and crossing the creek camped for the night at 3 p.m. March 22, moved at 7 a.m. and encamped near railroad crossing on Neuse River. March 23, lying in camp. March 24, still in camp. March 25, moved at 9 a.m. ; crossed Neuse River and encamped near Goldsborough, N. C. No casualties.

Very respectfully,

ALLAN H. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain N. K. BRAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS 134TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Near Washington, D. C., May 26, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report on the operations of the One hundred and thirty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers during the March from Goldsborough, N. C., to Washington, D. C.:

April 10, marched from Goldsborough, N. C., at 5. 30 a.m. in the direction of Smithfield a distance of fifteen miles, and bivouacked for the night at 10 p.m. April 11, moved at 5. 30 a.m., reaching Smithfield at 2 p.m. ; formed and marched in line of battle several times during the day, owing to the discovery of small parties of the enemy in our front. April 12, moved at 10 a.m. and passed through Smithfield in company column, making camp about fourteen miles therefrom at about 8 p.m. Raleigh reported in possession of General Kilpatrick's command. April 13, marched at 6 a.m. ; went into Raleigh about 3 p.m. ; went into camp just outside of the town, after having made about fifteen miles. April 14, no move; brigade foraging parties organized. Received marching orders for next day. April 15, no move. April 16, camp altered with a view to comfort. April 17, still in camp, nothing of importance occurring. April 18, regiment ordered out with wagon train for forage. April 19, started at 7 a.m., in accordance with orders received; went out into the country twelve miles and returned at 6 p.m., with fifteen wagon loads of corn. April 20, division reviewed by Brevet Major-General Sherman; returned to camp and lay still until April 25; marched thirteen miles to Jones' Cross-Roads and went into camp to Raleigh to our old camp and remained there until April 30; started for Richmond, Va., in accordance with orders received the day previous; marched fifteen miles and encamped about one mile Neuse River.

