
May 1, marched twenty-two miles. May 2, moved at 5 a.m. and marched twenty-one miles; camped one mile from Williamsborough. After making camp were ordered to town as guards. May 3, moved at 5 a.m., and after marching thirteen miles went into camp a short distance from the Virginia line and about four miles from the Roanoke River. May 4, moved about 5 a.m. and crossed the River at Taylor's Ferry, and after having marched about eighteen miles went into camp at 6 p.m. May 5, marched twenty-one miles; went into camp 7 p.m. May 6, crossed the Nottoway and Little Nottoway Rivers, struck the South Side Railroad at Blacks and Whites Station, and moving six miles father camped at Wilson's Station. May 7, marched nineteen miles; crossed the Appomattox River and camped one mile beyond. May 8, marched twenty miles and camped at Falling Creek. May 9, moved camp two miles. May 10, no move. May 11, moved at 9. 30 a.m., and passing through Manchester crossed the James River and passed through Richmond in company column; made camp five miles beyond. May 12, marched to Ashland; crossed Brook Creek and Chickahominy River during the day; encamped about 4 p.m. ; made about fifteen miles. May 13, made fifteen miles; crossed during the day the South Anna, New Found and Little Rivers; made camp about 4 p m. May 14, marched six miles and crossed North Anna River; went into camp after making a day's March of about fifteen miles. May 15, moved at 5 a.m., and passing through Spotsylvania court-House crossed The Ta., Po, and Ny Rivers; passed through the battle-grounds of Spotsylvania, Chancellorsville, and the wilderness; crossed the Rappahannock River at United States Ford, and went into camp about one mile from the River; distance marched, twenty-two miles. May 16, marched eighteen miles; passed Hartwood Church and encamped at 5 p.m. May 17, marched fifteen miles to Brentsville, where we encamped for the night. May 18, moved at 9 a.m. ; crossed Cedar Run and Bull Run; marched fifteen miles and encamped tow miles from Fairfax Station. May 19, marched fifteen miles and went into camp within three miles of Alexandria at Cloud's Mills. May 20, lay still in camp until the 24th, when we were marched to Washington, D. C., and reviewed by the President. May 25, ordered into camp near Washington, D. C., where were are at present lying.

Very respectfully,

ALLAN H. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant JAMES T. JOSLIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 168. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Lewis d. Warner, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Infantry, of operations January 27-March 26 and April 10-May 24.
HEADQUARTERS 154TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.,Near Goldsborough, N. C., April 9, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In conformity with orders received I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and fifty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers in the various movements of the Army of Georgia between the 27th day of January and the 27th day of March, 1865, inclusive:

January 27, left Savannah for Sister's Ferry via Springfield; made twelve miles. January 28, marched at 6 a.m. and made twelve or four-

