
teen miles; encamped at 3 p.m. January 29, marched at 7 a.m., in rear of train; made about ten miles and encamped at 3 p.m., where we remained until February 4, doing picket duty, and furnished workmen for building corduroy road; our encampment is about three miles from Sister's Ferry.

February 4, struck tents at daylight; moved to Sister's Ferry, where we crossed the Savannah River and marched to within one mile and a half of Robertsville, where we encamped for the night. February 5, worked until noon building corduroy road for the passage of the trains; marched about seven miles in the afternoon. February 6, the regiment being rear guard to the train did not move until 11 a.m. ; made twelve or fourteen miles and encamped at dark. February 7, marched at 8 a.m. ; made ten miles and encamped. February 8, marched at 6 a.m. ; crossed the Salkehatchie River at Buford's Bridge and encamped on the north bank. February 9 marched at 6 a.m. toward Blackville, on the Charleston and Augusta Railroad, where we encamped at 3. 30 p.m. February 10, did not March to-day; changed camp to a position to guard the train. February 11, marched at 7 a.m., toward Duncan's Bridge on the South Edisto, in charge of the train; arrived at the River about 11 a.m. February 12, marched at daylight, crossed the River and moved toward Jones' Bridge on the North Edisto; arrived near the bridge about 2 p.m., and encamped while the engineers were rebuilding the bridge. February 13, moved at daybreak across the River, where we halted and remained until near dark, when we moved about five miles toward Columbia and encamped. February 14, marched at 6 a.m. toward Lexington Court-House; made eight miles and encamped at 3. 30 p.m. February 15, marched at 7 a.m. toward Lexington Court-House; encamped within one mile and a half of the town. February 16, marched at 8 a.m. as escort to the train; made about five miles. February 17, marched at 9 a.m. toward Zion Church; made five miles. February 18, marched at 8. 30 a.m. ; crossed the Saluda and moved northerly about seven miles and encamped. February 19, did not move until 1. 30 p.m., the division being in rear of the train; made four miles and encamped. February 20, at 2 p.m. crossed Broad River as rear guard to the train; made some seven miles and encamped at 8 p.m. February 21, marched at 6 a.m. toward Winnsborough, which was reached about noon; worked al the afternoon destroying the railroad near the town. February 22, worked destroying the railroad until 3 p.m., when I reported to General Pardee and marched with his command toward Rocky Mount seven miles, and encamped some time after dark. February 23, marched at 6. 30 a.m. to Rocky Mount Post-Office, near which we crossed the Catawba River, and, advancing some two miles, encamped at 8 p.m. February 24, moved at 10 a.m. ; made about three miles and a half and encamped. February 25, did not break camp to-day. February 26, moved at 7 a.m., having charge of twenty-five wagons, reaching Hanging Rock and encamping at 2. 30 p.m. ; regiment on picket duty. February 27, moved at 2 p.m. about three miles and encamped. February 27, moved 6. 30 a.m. ; made about nine miles and encamped about two east of Lynch's Creek. Mustered for pay.

March 1, moved at 1 p.m. in rear of train; made about nine miles and encamped at 9 a.m. March 2, moved at 8 a.m., regiment in charge of sixteen wagons; made about nine miles and encamped near Black Creek. March 3, marched at 6. 30 a.m. toward chesterfield, which was reached at 9 p.m. ; regiment on picket. March 4, marched House about 9 p.m. March 5, did not break camp to-day. March 6,

