
marched at 7 a.m. toward Cheraw, which we reached about 1 p.m. ; crossed the Great Pedee and marched about four miles from the River, reaching camp at 10 p.m. March 7, marched at 6 a.m., brigade leading the corps; made thirteen miles and destroyed a section of the railroad from Wilmington to Charlotte. March 8, marched at 1 p.m. toward Lumber River; made six miles and encamped at 10 p.m. March 9, moved at 6. 30 a.m. ; made ten miles and encamped at 8 p.m. March 10, marched at 6. 30 a.m., crossing Lumber River, the regiment in advance; made six miles and encamped at Buffalo River, the regiment on picket. March 11, marched at 7 a.m., the regiment rear guard to the entire column; crossed Rockfish Creek; made near fourteen miles, but did not get into camp until 4 a.m. 12th instant. March 12, marched at 12 a.m. toward Fayetteville, where we arrived at dark and encamped on the U. S. Arsenal grounds. March 13, moved at 2 p.m. and crossed the River; advanced some two miles and encamped. March 14, remained in camp all day. March 15, moved at 4 p.m. in charge of wagons; was on the road until 4 a.m. of the 16th, making only about three miles. March 16, moved at 8 a.m. with trains; was on the road all night; to-day we worked until noon corduroying road, and in the afternoon crossed Black River and encamped after advancing three miles beyond the River. March 18, marched at 6. 30 a.m., regiment leading and in charge of forty wagons; made about eight miles and encamped; regiment on picket. March 19, marched at 7 a.m. in rear of brigade and in advance of train; brigade engaged in corduroying the road; made some eight miles and encamped just at dark. March 20, was awakened just before midnight with orders to escort a train to the front; regiment fell in and at 1 a.m. moved about one mile, when the order was countermanded and the regiment returned to camp and was ordered to relieve the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers on picket; got into position at 4 a.m. ; remained on picket until 12 m., when we were withdrawn, and at dark started as escort to rear of train; made seven or eight miles, getting into camp at 3 a.m. of the 21st. March 21, marched at 8 a.m. toward the River with the 22, marched at 8 a.m. toward the River; moved about six miles and went into camp; the trains were parked where it was said they were to remain for the present; at dark received orders to prepare to start for Kinston to-morrow morning as escort to a supply train. March 23, started at 6 a.m. for Kinston as escort to train; absent until 12 m. of the 26th, at which time the regiment reached camp, where it has since remained.

The casualties during the time included in the preceding report were nine enlisted men supposed to have been captured by the enemy while foraging outside the lines of the Army.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

L. D. WARNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel 154th New York Volunteers.

Captain N. K. BAY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS 154TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Near Bladensburg, May 28, 1865.

GENERAL: In obedience to orders received I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and

