
fifty-fourth New York Volunteers under my command in the various movements of the Army of Georgia between April 10 and May 19, 1865:

April 10, broke camp at 5. 30 a.m., the regiment leading the brigade, which moved through Goldsborough and out on the road toward Smithfield; marched about fourteen miles and encamped. April 11, marched at 5. 30 a.m. ; about 10 a.m. formed in line of battle on left of the brigade, with two companies as flankers; advanced in this order for about two miles, when we again moved by the flank, and reached Smithfield about 2 p.m., where we encamped for the night. April 12, the regiment, together with the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, were detailed to accompany the division train to Raleigh; moved back about four miles toward Goldsborough, where we halted until the train came up, which we assisted in getting to the South bank of the River; the rear of the train did not get in until past midnight. April 13, moved on 6 a.m., Second Division train second in line; roads very bad, but better than yesterday; made to within eight miles of Raleigh, where we encamped for the night; rear of the regiment got in about 10 p.m. April 14, marched at 6 a.m., Second Division train in rear of corps headquarters train; reached Raleigh about 11 a.m. ; moved out in rear of insane asylum, where we joined the brigade and went into camp, where the regiment remained until the 25th. April 22, review in Raleigh by General Sherman. April 25, marched at 8 a.m. for Jones' Cross-Roads, which was reached about sunset; encamped and remained here until April 28. Marched at daylight back to our old camp at Raleigh. April 30, marched at 7 a.m., the regiment leading the brigade en route for Richmond; passed through Raleigh in column by companies, and in the cadence step; crossed the Neuse River and encamped, having made some fifteen miles.

May 1, marched early, regiment in rear of the brigade; made twenty-three miles and encamped after crossing Tar River. May 2, marched with the train to-day; made about eighteen miles and encamped two miles from Williamsborough. May 3, marched at 4. 30 a.m. ; passed through Williamsborough; reached the State line at 11 a.m., where we encamped, having marched twelve miles. May 4, marched at 7 a.m. ; crossed the Roanoke and took the road to Saffold's Bridge; made about twenty miles and encamped within two miles of the River. May 5, marched at 5 a.m. ; crossed the Meherrin and advanced to within two miles of the Nottoway. May 6, marched at 5 a.m. ; crossed the Nottoway at Epes' Bridge; struck the South Side Railroad at Blacks and Whites Station; moved down the Wilson's Station, where we encamped. May 7, marched at 7 a.m. ; crossed the Appomattox at Kirk's Ford and encamped at the north bank. May 8, marched at 6 a.m. toward Richmond via Clover Hill, passed to the left of Chesterfield Court-House, c crossed Swift and Falling Creeks, and encamped on the bank of the latter and about seven miles from Richmond. May 9, moved about two miles toward the city and went into camp, where we remained until the 11th; marched at 9 a.m. to and through Manchester and Richmond; order of March in column by companies, and in the cadenced step; after passing the city marched out to near Brook Creek and encamped. May 12, marched at 7 a.m., the regiment leading the division; reached Ashland before night and encamped, the regiment doing provost duty for the night. May 13, marched at 8 a.m., the regiment rear guard to division train; crossed the South Anna, New Found, and Little Rivers, encamping near the latter about 4 p.m. May 14, marched at 7 a.m. toward Chilesburg; crossed the North Anna

