
at Anderson's Bridge. From Chilesburg marched toward Spotsylvania Court-House. May 15, marched at 7 a.m. ; passed Spotsylvania Court-House, and from thence to Chancellorsville and United States Ford, where we crossed the Rappahannock and encamped on its northern bank. May 16, marched at 5 a.m. toward Cutlet's Station via Hartwood Church; made about fifteen miles and encamped near a branch of Cedar Run. May 17, marched at 5 a.m., the regiment leading the brigade, to Brentsville, where we arrived at 1 p.m., and encamped for the night. May 18, marched at 9 a.m. ; crossed Broad and Bull Runs and encamped two miles South of Fairfax Station. May 19, marched at 6 a.m., regiment in charge of train; crossed the Orange and Alexandria Railroad at Fairfax Station; moved to within three miles of Alexandria, where we went into camp and remained until the 24th, when we broke camp at 5 a.m., marched to the Long Bridge, which we crossed into Washington, where we passed in review, and thence out on the Bladensburg road five miles to our present camp.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

LEWIS D. WARNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel 154th New York Volunteers, Commanding

Brigadier General P. H. JONES,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Second Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 169. Report of Captain Samuel D. Miller, Seventy-third Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations January 27-March 25.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-THIRD REGIMENT PENN. VET. VOLS.,Goldsborough, N. C., March 26, 1865.

January 27, agreeably to orders broke camp in Savannah, Ga. ; marched about eleven miles and camped at nightfall. January 28, moved at 6 a.m. ; made about nine miles and camped at 4 p.m. January 29, moved at 7 o'clock. The regiment was detailed as wagon guard. Passed Springfield at 10 a.m. and camped near Sister's Ferry at 5 p.m. January 30, lay in camp this day and furnished picket. January 31, lay in camp this day and furnished picket.

February 1, lay in camp this day and furnished picket, having brigade reviewed. February 2, lay in camp this day and furnished picket. February 3, moved at 5 p.m. ; marched about one mile and a half; returned to our old camp again and bivouacked there for the night. February 4, moved at 6 a.m. ; crossed, at Sister's Ferry, the Savannah River; received three days' rations there and marched until 6 p.m. ; when we camped that night. February 5, started at 12 m. this day; marched about eight miles and encamped at 5 p.m. February 6, moved at 6 a. m; the regiment was guard at the train. Marched until 8 p.m. and furnished the pickets that night around our brigade. Camped near the Fifteenth Corps. February 7, moved at 7 a.m. ; marched about five miles and encamped at 6 p.m. February 8, moved at 6 a.m. ; made about twelve miles and camped at 6 o'clock for the night near Buford's Bridge, S. C. February 9, moved at 6 a.m. ; marched sixteen miles and camped at 5 p.m. February 10, moved at 8 a.m. ; marched a half mile joined the corps and put up tents at 10 a.m. Received orders to move again; moved on the outer side of Blackville, near the railroad; furnished pickets and camped there for the

