
night. February 11, moved at 7 a.m. and camped at 4 o'clock (made about seven miles) near Edisto River, S. C. ; waited there until the train was crossed; formed the rear guard. February 12, moved at 6 a.m. ; crossed the Edisto River; mr miles and camped at 4 p.m. The First Brigade had slight skirmishing with the enemy that day. February 13, started at 6 a.m. ; crossed a bridge over a swamp, which the enemy had burned the day before and which our pioneers had repaired, and lost but three hours. That time the first Brigade was skirmishing with the enemy. The enemy retreated. We took our line of March up again and marched about six miles. We camped at 9 p.m. that night. February 14, moved at 7 a.m. ; marched about eleven miles and camped at 4 o'clock. February 15, moved at 7 a.m. The regiment had the advance. Made about nine miles, and the whole regiment went on picket but two miles from Lexington Court-House. February 16, moved at 7 a.m. Was detailed for wagon guard and camped at 3 p.m. February 17, moved at 9 a.m. ; marched with the train and stopped about 5 p.m. February 18, moved at 8 a.m. ; marched about four miles and camped near Saluda River, five miles on the outer side. February 19, moved at 8 a.m. ; marched about eight miles and camped near Broad River. February 20, crossed Broad River; marched eight miles and camped. February 21, moved at 6 a.m., our regiment in advance, and camped near Winnsborough. Marched again that afternoon on the outer side of Winnsborough; tore up about one-quarter of a mile of railroad, destroyed the rails, and marched back to our camp and bivouacked there for that night. February 22, moved at 8. m. ; tore up railroad again about one-quarter of a mile, and marched that night until 10 o'clock, when we joined the corps again. The regiment had to go on picket. February 23, moved at 6 a.m. and marched until 5 p.m. ; crossed the Catawba River and camped near that River for the night. February 24, started this morning, 9 o'clock, marched four miles, stopped three hours; marched again and encamped at 7 p.m. February 25, lay still in camp that day and rested. February 26, moved this morning at 8 o'clock; made about sixteen miles and camped for the night. February 28, moved this morning at 7 o'clock; made seven miles and camped.

March 1, moved at 7 a.m. ; made five miles and camped. March 2, started at 7 a.m. ; made about six miles, and crossed Lynch's Creek, near Martin's Mill, at 8 o'clock that night. March 3, moved this morning at 7 o'clock; made about seven miles; camped at Chesterfield Court-House. Was wagon guard. March 4, moved this morning at 9 o'clock; marched ten miles and camped near Sneedsborough, N. C. March 6, started at 9 o'clock; marched through the town of Cheraw, where the Seventeenth Corps had a fight the day before and crossed that night the Pedee River and camped four miles on the other side. March 7, moved at 6 a.m., the division in advance made but twelve miles and stopped at 11 a.m. The regiment had, after dinner, to tear up railroad about 100 yards. Went back to camp again and camped for that night. March 8, moved at 12 m. ; made about seven miles and camped near Lumber River, N. C. (wagon guard). March 9, moved at 12 o'clock in the rear of the wagons; had heavy rain and bad road; came in camp that night at 10 p.m. March 10, moved at 1 p.m., in the rear again, and camped at 9. 30 p.m. ; still rain and very bad road; guarding the entire wagon train of the corps. March 11, moved at 8. 30 a.m. ; crossed Rockfish River and camped at 3. 30 p.m. ; still rain and very

