
bad road; guarding the entire wagon train of the corps. March 12, moved at 10 a.m. ; made about nine miles with the wagon train and stopped three miles outside Fayetteville, N. C., near the arsenal; camped there at 6 p.m. March 13, moved at 2 p.m. ; marched through Fayetteville; passed in review in front of General Sherman and crossed the Cape Fear River; marched on the Black road about four miles on the other side, where we camped. March 14, lay still in camp that day. March 15, moved this morning at 5 o'clock. Our division was ordered to take charge over the whole wagon train for several days. Our brigade had the rear. The road was very bad. Through a heavy rain we had to March all night and stopped in the morning for two hours. March 16, started again with the wagons; made, since yesterday morning, about fourteen miles; marched all night; again that day; had to build corduroy road all the way through and camped at 5 p.m. March 18, moved this morning at 7 a.m. ; again with the wagon train, our brigade in the center; had to build corduroy the whole way and came into camp at 8 p.m. March 19, moved this morning at 6 o'clock, our brigade in advance; marched but ten miles and camped at 6 p.m. Furnished pickets. March 20, moved this morning half a mile, took a better position around the wagons, and commenced to build rifle-pits; had then half finished and received orders to move on; marched about five miles and camped. March 21, moved at 6 a.m. ; marched tow miles; was in the rear of the whole corps train. Stopped until night and crossed Falling Creek; marched four miles, when we camped for that night. March 22, moved at 10 a.m. ; marched steadily all day and camped near Neuse River, four miles of Goldsborough. March 23, lay in camp that day. March 24, lay in camp until evening; at 4 p.m. moved one quarter of a mile, took another position, and built breast-works around the wagon train and camped there that night. March 25, moved this morning at 9 a.m. ; marched one-quarter of a mile, crossed Neuse River, marched through Goldsborough, and camped two miles on the other side of Goldsborough.

SAML. D. MILLER,

Captain, Commanding Seventy-third Regiment Pennsylvania Vet. Vols.

Numbers 170. Report of Major Christian H. Goebel, Seventy-third Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations April 10-May 24.

Official report of the Seventy-third Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers from April 10, 1865, until May 26, 1865.

April 10, 1865, agreeable to orders broke camp in Goldsborough, N. C. ; Marched five miles; crossed the Neuse River and encamped there for the night. April 11, marched at 6 a.m. ; made about fifteen miles and encamped near Smithfield. April 12, marched at 8 a.m. ; the regiment was detailed as wagon guard and ordered to the rear to bring up the wagons, and went into camp near Smithfield for the night. April 13, marched at 6 a. m; wagon guard crossed the Neuse River and encamped about eight miles from Raleigh, N. C. April 14, marched at 6 a.m. ; entered Raleigh, N. C., at 10 a.m., and encamped one mile from the city near insane asylum. April 15 to 27 [25], the regiment was encamped and did guard, picket, and fatigue duty. April 27 [25], marched at 9 a.m., and marched to Jones' Cross-Roads and encamped

