
there. April 28 [26 and 27], encamped at Jones' Cross-Roads. April 29 [28], marched from Jones' Cross-Roads back to Raleigh, N. C. April 30, marched at 7 a.m., and commenced our March on to Richmond; marched about fourteen miles and encamped near Dunnsville, N. C.

May 1, marched at 5 a.m. ; crossed the Tar River; made about twenty-three miles and encamped for the night. May 2, marched at 5 a.m. ; made fifteen miles and encamped near Henderson, N. C. May 3, marched at 4 a.m. ; marched ten miles and encamped on the Virginia State line. May 4, marched at 6 a.m. ; crossed the Roanoke River and marched twenty-one miles, and encamped near Meherrin River. May 5, marched at 6 a.m. ; crossed the Meherrin at Saffold's Bridge, made fifteen miles and went into camp for the night. May 6, marched at 5 a.m. ; crossed the Nottoway River and encamped near Blacks and Whites Station; the regiment was on picket duty. May 7, marched at 6 a.m. ; made nineteen miles; crossed the Appomattox River and encamped one mile on the other side. May 8, started from camp at 6 a.m. ; marched through Clover Hill Coal Mines; made fifteen miles and encamped near Falling Creek, Va. May 9, marched at 10 a.m. ; made two miles and encamped near Manchester. May 10, received orders to March; at 8 a.m. the order was countermanded, and we remained in camp. May 11, marched at 11 a.m. and passed through Manchester and crossed the James River into Richmond, and marched through the city and encamped three miles outside the city of Richmond. May 12, marched at 8 a.m. ; made eleven miles and encamped near Ashland; the regiment furnished picket. May 13, marched at 7 a.m. ; marched four miles; crossed at South Anna River; marched twelve miles farther and crossed Little River and encamped for the night. May 14, marched at 5 a.m. and crossed the North Anna River, and passed through Chilesburg; crossed the Mat River; made seventeen miles and encamped near Ta River. May 15, marched at 6 a.m. ; made three miles; crossed the Po River and passed over the battle-ground of Spotsylvania Court-House; crossed the Ny River; passed through Chancellorsville and crossed the Rappahannock River at United States Ford and went into camp for the night. May 16, marched at 5 a.m. ; passed Hartwood Church; made eighteen miles and encamped for the night. May 17, marched at 6 a.m. ; crossed Cedar Run and made sixteen miles and encamped at Brentsville, Va. May 18, marched at 7 a.m. ; crossed Broad Run and made five miles, and crossed Bull Run Creek and encamped near Fairfax Station. May 19, marched at 6 a.m. and passed Fairfax Station; made eighteen miles and encamped three miles from Alexandria, Va., May 20-24, encamped near Alexandria, Va. May 24, marched at 5 a.m. and crossed the Potomac River at the Long Bridge, and marched through Washington. The corps was reviewed by the President, Lieutenant-General Grant, and Generals Sherman, Meade, Howard, Slocum, &amp;c. ; marched four miles from Washington, D. C., and went into camp near Bladensburg, Md.

C. H. GOEBEL,

Major Seventy-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

