
Numbers 171. Reports of Brigadier General Henry A. Barnum, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of operations January 27-March 24 and April 10-June 6.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 27, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command, consisting of the Sixtieth, One hundred and second, One hundred and thirty-seventh, and One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers and the Twenty-ninth and One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteer Regiments, during the campaign commencing at Savannah, Ga., and terminating at Goldsborough, N. C.:

By command of Brigadier General John W. Geary, commanding city and post of Savannah, this brigade was assigned to provost duty in the west halt of the city of Savannah, Ga., on the 31st [24th] day of December, 1864, and the undersigned was appointed provost-marshal of said west district.

The command continued on this duty until the 25th day of January, 1865, when it was relieved by the troops of Bvt. Major General C. Grover, commanding division, Nineteenth Army Corps, and ordered to be held in readiness to take the field. The following diary of events will give a comprehensive view of the movements and operations of the command during the ensuing campaign: January 27, broke camp at 8 a.m. ; marched at 9, the brigade in rear of the division and guarding train; crossed Saint Augustine Creek and bivouacked at 4 p.m. near Monteith. Day's March, twelve miles. January 28, marched at 6 a.m., brigade in center of the division; crossed Little Ebenezer Creek, went into camp at 3 p.m. Day's March, thirteen miles. January 29, marched at 6. 30 a.m., brigade in advance; passed through the town of Springfield at 8 a.m. ; crossed Jack's Branch, Big Ebenezer, and Indigo Creeks; encamped at 2 p.m. near the Fourteenth Corps and three miles from Sister's ferry. Day's March, twelve miles. January 30, remained in build corduroy roads. Dress parade was held each day by brigade during our stay here. A thorough inspection was also made by the brevet brigadier-general commanding.

February 4, marched at 7 a.m., brigade in rear; crossed the Savannah River to the South Carolina side at sister's Ferry at 2 p.m. ; halted at a landing two miles above Sister's Ferry and drew nine days' rations of bread, coffee, and sugar, and four of meat, the men carrying three days' rations and the balance being taken in the wagons; moved on to a large swamp and went into camp about 6 p.m. Day's March, eight miles and a quarter. February 5, moved at daylight; built about one mile of corduroy road; passed through Robertsville and went into camp near Steep Bottom about 6 p.m. Day's March, eleven miles. February 6, marched at 6 a.m. ; passed through Lawtonville at 1 p.m. ; went into camp at 5 p.m. near Beech Branch Post-Office. Day's March, eleven miles and a half. February 7, moved at 7 a.m. ; crossed Duck River in the Coosawhatchie Swamp, the crossing being very bad, the ground swampy, and stream badly swollen, and the water at the point of crossing 800 yards wide; went into camp at 5 p.m. Day's March, five miles and a half. February 8, moved with the train; head of column started at 6 a.m., rear at 10 o'clock; crossed Jackson's Branch, the line of the Augusta and Pocotaligo Railroad and

