
Salkehatchie River; bivouacked near the River, the head of the column at 5 p.m. . the rear a t 7 o'clock. Day's March, fifteen miles. February 9, marched at 6 a.m. ; crossed Guyll Creek; bivouacked at 6 p.m. near Blackville. Day's March, eighteen miles. February 10 marched at 7 a.m. ; moved into Blackville; remained there until 2 p.m. ; marched to the South Edisto River and crossed it at the upper end of Fair's Island; bivouacked near the River. The bridge not being in condition to allow the crossing of animals they did not cross until the next day. Day's March, eighth miles. February 11, remained in camp. Heavy details were sent out to corduroy the road over the swamp adjacent to the river.

February 12, marched at 5 a.m. The brigade, with t rain, bivouacked at 5 p.m. near Jeffcoat's Bridge on the North Edisto River. Day's March, eight miles. February 13, moved across the River at 5 a.m. The enemy showed a thin skirmish line. The Sixtieth New York was thrown forward as skirmishers and a few shots were exchanged. About 8 o'clock the Third Division came up and moved past us. The Sixtieth was then withdrawn. Commenced moving against dark; got into camp at 9 p.m. Day's march, five miles. February 14, marched at daylight; bivouacked at 3 p.m. at the crossing of Lexington and Orangeburg with Augusta and Columbia roads. Day's march, six miles and a half. February 15, marched at 7 a.m. ; went into camp at 3 p.m. near the Two-Notch road and about two miles from Lexington. In about half an hour orders wee received from Bvt. Major General J. W. Geary to move forward and occupy the town, one battery of artillery accompanying the brigade. The command moved forward until within a mile of the town, when the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York was thrown forward as skirmishers, the remainder of the brigade supporting. They moved forward to the town and through it, driving quite a force of rebel cavalry before them. The rest of the command moved into the place, and after barricading the approaches bivouacked for the night. During our stay at this place citizens were protected in their rights and private property respected. Day's march, twelve miles. February 16, moved at 7 a.m., General Carlin, of the Fourteenth Corps, relieving this command at Lexington. Joined the division and marched to within four miles of the Congaree River on the Columbia road; bivouacked at 2 p.m. Day's march, eight miles. February 17, marched at 9 a.m. ; crossed Six-Mile Creek; bivouacked at 4 p.m. near Zion Church. Day's march, three miles. February 18, marched at 8 a.m. in charge of train; crossed the Saluda River; bivouacked at 5 p.m. near Metts' Steam Mill. Day's march, eight miles.

February 19, marched at 3 p.m. ; repaired the road; bivouacked at 9 o'clock near Freshly's Ferry, on Broad River. Day's march, five miles. February 20, marched at 11 a.m. ; crossed Broad and Little Rivers; bivouacked at 6 p.m. at cross-roads near Kincaid's house. Day's march, nine miles. February 21, marched at 6 a.m. ; passed through Winnsborough and commenced tearing up railroad about three miles from town; destroyed about two miles of road; worked until dark, then moved back toward town two miles and bivouacked. Day's march, thirteen miles. February 22, marched at 7 a.m. toward White Oak and destroyed railroad until 4 p.m., when I received orders to move the Second Brigade with my own to Wateree Meeting-House, which I did, arriving at 9 p.m. and reporting to General J. W. Geary, commanding division. The command marched fifteen miles and effectually destroyed three miles of railroad, every rail being twisted. February 23, marched at 6. 30 a.m. ; crossed Wateree River at Rocky

