
the brigade in advance, unencumbered; repaired a considerable portion of the road; bivouacked at 4 p.m., three miles from Black River; sent 100 men from the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers to the river to occupy and hold the crossing. At 6 p.m. I received orders from Bvt. Major General J. W. Geary to move forward four regiments of my command to the river, which I did, arriving at 8 p.m. and bivouacked near the river, crossing Horse Pen Creek. Day's march, twelve miles.

March 16, at 9 a.m. the Sixtieth New York Veteran Volunteers crossed Black River. The Michigan Engineers having completed a crossing for footmen skirmishers wee thrown forward from this regiment and the remainder placed in position to protect the crossing. The rest of the command was set at work building corduroy road. By orders from Bvt. Major General J. W. Geary the One hundred and thirty-seventh and One hundred and forty-ninth New York Regiments were ordered to report to Brevet Brigadier-General Pardee, commanding First Brigade of this division, they having been left back at our first bivouac of the 15th to protect the train. At 11 a.m. I crossed the river with the rest of my command, the engineers having completed the brigade. At 1 p.m. it was discovered that rebel cavalry was hovering on our left flank. The Sixtieth New York was put in position. No attack was made and we soon moved on. Bivouacked at 5 p.m. near the Fifteenth Corps. Day's march, four miles. March 17, remained in camp. The One hundred and second New York went out with a small train for forage and subsistence stores; was not very successful. March 18, marched at 12 m. ; crossed Little Cohera Creek. The advance of the brigade got into camp at 10 p.m., the rear at 4 a.m. of the 19th. Day's march, eight miles. March 19, marched at 6 a.m. At 4 p.m. the whole corps train was assigned to me to cover and get into camp. The head of the column got in at 5 p.m., the rear at 12 midnight. Day's march, eight miles. March 20, received orders at 1 a.m. to march immediately and join the remainder of the corps, First and Third Divisions, by daylight, they having had a severe engagement the day before. Made a junction with the corps at 4. 30 a.m., having marched seven miles. Remained in bivouac on Harper's farm the rest of the day.

March 21, remained in bivouac. At 2 p.m. the One hundred and forty-ninth New York, pursuant to orders from Bvt. Major General J. W. Geary, was sent as an escort to a hospital train in the direction of Cox's Brigade, on the Neuse River. At 6 p.m. the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers and pioneers of the brigade were sent in the same direction to repair the road. March 22, pursuant to orders from Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams, commanding corps, Lieutenant-Colonel Chatfield, with his command, the One hundred and second New York Volunteers, was ordered to start at 5 p.m. with all the headquarters wagons of the corps and the pack train. Lieutenant-Colonel Chatfield took charge of the train and moved at that hour. The enemy having withdrawn from our front, the rest of the command moved at 7 a.m., crossed Falling Creek, and encamped near it at 12 midnight. The One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers and pioneers rejoined the command. Day's march, fourteen miles. March 23, marched at 6 a.m. ; passed some of Major-General Terry's command; crossed the Neuse River on pontoon bridges. The One hundred and second and One hundred and forty-ninth New York rejoined the brigade. Bivouacked at 4 p.m. near Beaver Dam Creek.

48 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

