
Day's march, ten miles. March 24, all wagons and pack or extra animals were sent forward to Goldsborough at 2 a.m. ; the brigade moved at 7. 30; crossed Little River and passed through Goldsborough at 11 a.m. in column by companies, and was reviewed by Major General W. T. Sherman. Moved a short distance out of town on the north side and encamped. Day's march, eight miles.

Thus triumphantly terminated the surprising campaign of the Carolinas. Surprising in the length of time the army operated as a movable column; in the extent of hostile country traversed; in the magnitude of obstacles overcome; in the extent of damage done the enemy in the destruction of those vital elements of his existence-his railroad communications and his supplies; in the number of his cities and strongholds that have fallen, and in its great moral effect, as showing the weakness of the enemy and the desperate straits to which he has been reduced by the victorious armies of the Union. A separate report* of casualties, nominal and numerical, is hereto attached. This command has thoroughly destroyed five miles of railroad of that leading north from Winnsborough. During the campaign this command has had of Government about twenty-five day's rations of hard bread, sugar, coffee, salt, and nine days; rations of meat for 2,000 men, of which we had left three days' bread and coffee on reaching Goldsborough. Counting officers, servants, negroes, and camp followers, we have drawn from the country not less than 97,500 days' rations. The forage drawn from the country for all the animals of the train, saddle and pack animals, and mounts, for foragers, together with extra captured animals, including remounts, is not less than 250,000 pounds of grain and fodder each. The command has captured and turned in, our used in place of disabled animals, about 150 horses and 125 mules; number of cattle captured, about 500. About 1,000 bales of cotton and 10 gins and presses have been destroyed. At least 250 negroes have followed the command and been provided for. This command has also constructed not less than twenty miles of substantial corduroy roads. During the campaign it has marched 437 miles.

Too much cannot be said in praise of the officers and men of the command for the cheerful manner in which they have borne the uncommon hardships and exposure of the campaign, and the alacrity and thoroughness with which they have performed every duty assigned them. Their conduct in this campaign is worthy of their past history and gives renewed assurances that they are equal to the performance of any duty that soldiers were ever called upon to do.

I would also mention the unprecedented good health of the command, notwithstanding its exposures and hardships. The health of the command was never better than it has been throughout the campaign.

I forbear entering further into detail of the operations of this command, as all its movements, its labors, its hardships and exposures have been performed and endured under the immediate observation of the brevet major-general commanding division, and his own remembrance and date will supply any deficiency in this report.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. A. BARNUM,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain W. T. FORBES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 commissioned officer and 2 enlisted men killed, 3 enlisted men wounded; 1 commissioned officer and 52 enlisted men missing.

---------------

