HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Near Washington, D. C., June 6, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report in diary form of the movements of this command since leaving Goldsborough, N. C.:

April 10, broke camp near Goldsborough at 7 a.m., passing through the town and taking the river road toward Smithfield; bivouacked on Moccasin Creek at 11 p.m. April 11, moved at 5. 30 a.m., crossing Moccasin Creek, and reached Smithfield at 2 p.m. ; camped near the town. April 12, received official intelligence of the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia; resumed the march at 10 a.m., crossing the Neuse River and halting for the night on Swifth Creek. April 13, started at 6 a.m. and reached Raleigh without opposition at 2 p.m., going into camp one mile southwest of the city, near the lunatic asylum. April 14 to 24, remained in the same position near Raleigh, awaiting the result of negotiations pending between Generals Sherman and Johnston. April 25, broke camp at 8 a.m. and moved to Jones' Cross-Roads, twelve miles on the Holly Springs road. April 26 and 27, remained in camp at Jones' Cross-Roads. April 28, started at 4. 30 a.m., returning to our previous camp-ground, where we arrived at 10 a.m. Orders were received to prepare for our homeward march. April 30, at 10 a.m. we started on the march to Richmond; passing through Raleigh and crossing the Neuse River bivouacked at 6 p.m. on the north bank of the stream.

May 1, resumed the march at 5 a.m., crossing the Tar River at 3 p.m. and halted for the night three miles north of that river. May 2, started at 5. 30 a.m., reaching Williamsborough, N. C., at 2 p.m., and bivouacked, the road being obstructed by the troops and train of the Fourteenth Corps. May 3, moved at 5 a.m., marching ten miles and halting at 10 a.m. near the Virginia State line to permit the First and Third Divisions of this corps and the Second Division of the Fourteenth Corps to pass us. May 4, resumed the march at 7 a.m., crossing the Roanoke River at 8 a.m., and bivouacked at 5. 30 p.m., three miles from Saffold's Bridge on the Meherrin River. May 5, started at 5. 30 a.m., crossing the Meherrin River and Big Nottoway, and bivouacked at 6 p.m. May 6, resumed the march at 5. 30 a.m., crossing Little Nottoway River, passing through Blacks and Whites, and camping for the night near Wellville Station, on the South Side Railroad at 7 p.m. May 7, moved at 6 a.m., crossing the South Side Railroad and Appomattox River near Bevill's Bridge, and bivouacked at 7 p.m. one mile north of the river. May 8, marched at 6 a.m., crossing Swift Creek and Falling Creek, camping eight miles from Richmond on Falling Creek. May 9, moved to a position two miles nearer the city and pitched camp in a large open field. May 10, remained in camp. May 1, broke camp at 9. 30 a.m., passing through Manchester and Richmond, and bivouacked on Brook Creek five miles north of the city. A severe rain storm occurred during the night. May 12, moved at 7. 30 a.m., crossing the Chickahominy River and halting for the night near Ashland at 6 p.m. May 13, started at 6 a.m. ; crossed the South Anna and Little Rivers and bivouacked at 4 p.m. May 14, marched a 5 a.m. North Anna River; passed through Chilesburg, camping six miles from Spotsylvania Court-House at 5 p.m. May 15, marched at 5 a.m., passing through Spotsylvania and Chancellorsville battle-grounds, crossing the Rappahannock at United States Ford, and bivouacked on the north bank of the river at 7 p.m. May 16, marched at 4. 30 a.m., moving north on the Warrenton road, and halted for the night on

