
Town Creek. May 17, moved at 5 a.m. on the road to Brentsville, which place we reached at 1. 30 p.m. and camped. May 18, started at 9. 30 a.m. toward Fairfax Station, crossing Bull Run, the troops wading it, and halted for the night, during a severe rain storm, one miles from Fairfax Station. May 19, resumed the march at 6 a.m., passing through Fairfax Station and taking the Warrenton and Alexandria pike; arrived at Cloud's Mills, four miles from Alexandria, at 5 p.m., the brigade going into camp between the Warrenton and Leesburg pikes. May 20 to 23, remained in camp four days, ordering supplies for the command and preparing to participate in the grand review ordered for the 24th. May 24, broke camp at 5. 30 a.m., moving with the division to Long Bridge, passing in review up Pennsylvania avenue and camping in the vicinity of Bladensburg, four miles from Washington, D. C., at which point the brigade still remains.

The whole distance marched by this command since leaving Goldsborough, N. C., is estimated at 380 miles, being an average of sixteen miles a day while on the road. No casualties occurred during the period included in this report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. A. BARNUM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major W. T. FORBES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 172. Report of Captain Abner B. Shipman, Sixtieth New York Infantry, of operations January 18-March 24.
HDQRS. SIXTIETH NEW YORK VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., April 1, 1865.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to orders from your headquarters I have the honor to submit the following report of the Sixtieth Regiment New York Veteran Volunteers, relating to its operations since its occupation, together with the remained of the brigade, of Savannah, Ga., on the 21st day of December, 1864:

While the regiment was in Savannah it was commanded by Major Thomas Elliott (since resigned), and I am unable to report further than that it was engaged in the performance of the usual provost duty about the city in connection with the rest of the brigade, which duty was performed in a manner not only reflecting credit upon the brigade commander but to the entire satisfaction of all concerned.

I assumed command of the regiment on the 18th day of January, 1865, and at 10. 30 a.m. on the 27th we left Savannah, in company with the remainder of the brigade, moving with the wagon trains in the direction of Sister's Ferry, on the Savannah River. At 6 p.m. the command camped for the night at a distance of eleven miles and a half from the city. Broke camp on the 28th at 6 a.m. ; marched twelve miles during the day. On the 29th broke camp at 6. 30 a.m., moving toward Springfield, through which place we marched about 8 m. ; camped about 2. 30 p.m. within two miles of Sister's Ferry, having marched a distance of ten miles.

From January 30 to February 3, inclusive, the command remained quietly in camp, nothing unusual transpiring. Broke camp on the 4th

