
of February at 7. 30 a.m. ; moved across the Savannah River at Sister's Ferry, at which place the command drew rations, the first that had been issued since leaving Savannah. The command was supplied with all the rations the men could carry at this point, being assured at the same time that a long time would elapse before more would be issued. After marching a distance of about six miles we camped for the night within about two miles of Robertsville. On the morning of the 5th the regiment wasir roads which were in an impassable condition, rendered so by the low, swampy country through which they ran. The duty required of the regiment on this day was far from agreeable, made so more particularly as the men of the regiment are superior in the use of the ax, and were required to enter the swamps on either side of the road, where the water was in many places two and three feet deep, for the purpose of cutting poles and dragging them to the road to be used in corduroying, while other portions of the brigade placed the poles in the road. Notwithstanding the unpleasantness of the work required by the command the men performed int cheerfully and faithfully. Marched a distance of only six miles during the day. Broke camp on the 6th at 6 a.m. ; marched about eight miles and camped for the night near Beech Branch. On the 7th moved at 7. 30 a.m. ; marched eight miles, the regiment going on picket at night. Moved on the 8th at 6. 30 a.m. ; marched with the trains, assisting the wagons over the bad roads; made about en miles, and camped for the night at Buford's Brigade. Broke camp on the 9th at 6. 30 a.m. ; marched sixteen miles, and camped near Blackville. Moved at 7. 30 a.m. on the 10th; marched through Blackville; crossed the south branch of the Edisto River and went into camp. Remained in camp during the 11th.

Broke camp on the 12th at 7. 30; marched as escort to the train; arrived at the North Branch of the Edisto River about 5 p.m., having marched a distance of thirteen miles. Broke camp on the 13th at 6. 30 a.m. ; crossed the North Branch of the Edisto River. The regiment was ordered to form a skirmish line and move forward cautiously until it came up with the enemy, but not to engaged them. The line was formed in obedience to orders. After moving forward about 400 yards a small party of the enemy's cavalry was discovered in our front. A few shots were exchanged, but as we were ordered not to press the enemy the command was properly disposed and ordered to await further ordershe Third Division coming up, we were relieved by them, when we returned to camp, having sustained no loss. On the 14th marched at 7. 30, moving with the trains; traveled about six miles and a half. Marched at 7 a.m. on the 15th, arriving at Lexington at 5 p.m., having marched thirteen miles. On the 16th, 17th, 18th, and 19th moved with the trains, making a total distance of about thirty miles; roads in bad condition, thereby rendering it necessary to perform much labor in assisting the wagons along. On the 20th the command moved in the direction of Winnsborough, at which place it arrived on the 21st about 11. 30 a.m., and was immediately ordered to destroying railroad, which work it was busily engaged in doing until after dark, when the regiment want into camp for the night. On the 22nd we were again employed in destroying railroad, which work wad one rapidly and effectually to within about two miles of White Oak. At 3 p.m. the command received peremptory orders to join the division at Wateree Church, distant about fourteen miles. A heavy day's work had been performed by the men of the regiment, they having effectually destroyed

