
nearly two miles of railroad, and the idea of making a day's march after having performed a day's work was beyond their comprehension. However, after a rapid march, the command arrived in camp (every man in his proper place) at 8 p.m. Moved on the 23rd at 6. 30 a.m. in the direction of Rocky Mount; again escort for the train; roads bad and plenty of labor to perform. Moved about five miles on the 24th. On the 25th remained in camp during the day. Moved again on the 26th with the trains; mud very deep; roads almost impassable. The command worked faithfully all day in assisting the trains; made a distance of only eight miles during the day; camped near Hanging Rock Post-Office. On the 27th changed camp, crossing Hanging Rock Creek, marching about four miles. With the trains again on the 28th; marched eight miles; camped near Little Lynch's Creek.

March 1, broke camp at 6. 30; moved at 12 m. with trains; crossed Lynch's River; marched about twelve miles. On the 2nd marched about eight miles. On the 3rd moved at 7. 30 with trains; mud deep; crossed Black Creek; marched ten miles and camped at 11. 30 p.m. ; command much fatigued. Marched through Chesterfield on the 4th; moved with the trains; made about ten miles; camped near Sneedsborough. Remained in camp on the 5th. Marched with the trains on the 6th; passed through Cheraw; crossed the Pedee River; made about fifteen miles. On the 7th marched about ten miles with trains; camped near Rockingham. Marched six miles on the 8th; camped at 8 p.m. Moved with the rest of the brigade, in rear of the corps, as rear guard on the 9th; regiment on picket duty at night. Crossed Lumber River on the 10th; marched four miles; drew one ration of hard bread (One-quarter pound). On the 11th marched with corps train; crossed Rock-fish Creek; made ten miles. Moved with trains on the 12th; marched fourteen miles; arrived at Fayetteville; drew one ration of hard bread and meal. On the 13th passed through Fayetteville in review order; crossed Cape Fear River; camped three miles and a half outside the town. Remained in camp on the 14th; drew one pound hard bread per man. On the 15th moved with corps train in the direction of Goldsborough; camped near Black River; having marched about fourteen miles. On the 16th the regiment was sent across Black River in advance, and thrown forward as a picket to cover the troops while building a bridge. At 10 a.m. the regiment was ordered forward to repair roads. At 12 m. the command was again thrown out as picket on the left of the road to intercept an anticipated attack from the enemy's cavalry. Marched about seven miles during the day. In camp during the 17th. Marched in rear of corps train on the 18th; traveled about seven miles. Moved on the 19th with the trains in the direction of Goldsborough; camped for the night at 7. 30 p.m. At 1. 30 a.m. on the morning of the 20th the regiment was ordered, with the rest of the brigade, to join the rest of the corps, then about six miles distant to the left; joined the corps at daylight; remained in bivouac throughout the day. 21st, no material change; drew two days' rations. Marched in the direction of Goldsborough on the 22nd, making about ten miles. Crossed the Neuse River on the 23rd; marched about nine miles. Continued the march toward Goldsborough on the 24th, at which place we arrived at 12 m. ; marched through town in review order, and camped about two miles outside; since which time the command has been busily engaged in fitting up comfortable quarters.

Aside from the amount of rations referred to in the foregoing, the regiment has subsisted entirely from subsistence obtained, by authorized

