
details, off the country. Since our arrival in camp the command has turmaster's department fourteen animals, besides several sent in during the campaign.

The soldierly manner in which the command has borne the fatigues and deprivations of the late severe campaign needs no comment. The fact that no word of complaint was manifest when many of the men were entirely barefoot and in want of necessary clothing to hide their nakedness, is sufficient evidence showing them to be fully alive to a sense of the obligations devolving upon them, and for which they were willing to make any sacrifice.

The untiring perseverance and zealous efforts of our brigade commander had but a tendency to inspire new energy and zeal among both officers and men; and when in after years they look back upon the campaign through the Carolinas they will think with reverence of the master mind who conceived it, and rest with full consciousness of having discharged their whole duty.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. Shipman,

Captain, Commanding Sixtieth New York Veteran Volunteers.

Captain LESTER S. WILLSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 173. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Lester S. Willson, Sixtieth New York Infantry, of operations April 10-May 24.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTIETH NEW YORK VET. VOLS.,Near Bladensburg, Md., May 30, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment from the time of leaving Goldsborough, N. C., to the time of occupying our present camp near Bladensburg, Md.:

Marched from Goldsborough on the morning of the 10th of April with the rest of the brigade in the direction of Smithfield. On the afternoon of that day I was placed in command of two other regiments beside my own-the One hundred and second New York Veteran Volunteers and the One hundred and forty-ninth - for the purpose of guarding and assisting the division train over a swamp. The roads were very heavy and the train did not succeed in crossing the swamp that night, but went into park about 11 p.m. I went into bivouac at the same time with the rest of the brigade. April 11, reached Smithfield, N. C., at 2 p.m. and bivouacked near the town. April 12, continued our march with the brigade in the direction of Raleigh. Arrived thee on the 13th in the afternoon. Went into camp on the west side of and about one mile from the city. This regiment was on picket that day, and remained on that duty until the 16th, when it was relieved by a detail from the several regiments of the brigade. Remained at this place until the morning of the 25th, when with the rest of the command moved to Jones' Cross-Roads, twelve miles distant. Remained in bivouac two days, and moved back to our old camp near Raleigh. From this time until the 30th was occupied in preparing the command for a heavy march, drawing the necessary clothing, &amp;c. April 30, commenced our march northward. Broke camp at 7 a.m. ; passed through

