
Raleigh in review order, marching via Williamsborough, Townsville, Blacks and Whites, Wellville, crossing the Appomattox River near Bevill's Bridge, and camping near Manchester, Va., in the afternoon of May 9, making the march of about 180 miles in the incredibly short time of ten days. Remained in camp two days, marching again on the 11th of May. Passed through Richmond in "review order," and continued our march northward via Ashland, Spotsylvania Court-House, Chancellorsville, Fairfax Station, and encamped near Alexandria, Va., May 19. Remained a this place drawing clothing and camp and garrison equipage enough to partially refit the command, and on the morning of the 24th moved in light marching order, leaving the knapsacks to be brought up by the train. Crossed Long Bridge, moved up to the Capitol and passed down Pennsylvania avenue by the White House in review; thence marching direct to our present encampment, which we reached at about 4 p.m.

The whole distance marched by this command since leaving Goldsborough is about 325 miles.

The men were very orderly during the march, and no disposition to destroy private property or to disturb citizens was manifest during the whole march from Raleigh.

The health of the command has been excellent, and no casualties occurred during the campaign.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LESTER S. WILLSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Sixtieth New York Veteran Volunteers.

Captain S. B. WHEELOCK,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 174. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Harvey S. Chatfield, One hundred and second New York Infantry, of operations January 27-March 24 and May 11-24.
HDQRS. 102nd REGIMENT NEW YORK VETERAN VOLS.,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1864.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of this regiment during the occupation of the city of Savannah, Ga., and the campaign through South and North Carolina ending at this place:

On the 22nd of December, 1864, pursuant to orders received from Colonel H. A. Barnum, commanding brigade and provost-marshal of the Western District of Savannah, I was assigned to the command of Sub-District Numbers 1, and ordered to preserve order and cleanliness through out the same with this regiment. In pursuance of said orders guards and patrols were established and safeguards furnished where necessary, good order established and kept, and care taken that the rights of the private citizens should be kept inviolate.

The regiment citizens on this duty until 19th day of January, 1865, when myself and command were relieved by the Fourteenth Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers. The command having been put in readiness and supplied with clothing, as far as it was possible to obtain the same, pursuant to orders received from the general commanding brigade, on the 27th day of January, 1865, it moved out of the city upon

