
the Augusta road, marching to Sister's Ferry via Springfield, in charge of a large portion of the corps train, arriving at Sister's Ferry on the 29th day of January, 1865.

Here the command remained until February 4, 1865, awaiting the completion of a road across the swamp on the Carolina side of the Savannah River, and furnishing a small detail to assist in removing torpedoes form the road and corduroying the same. On the morning of the 4th of February, 1865, the regiment moved out at daylight, crossed the river and proceeded on the march toward Blackville, passing through Robertsville and Lawtonville, and crossing the Coosawhatchie and Salketchie Rivers, the latter at Buford's Bridge, and reaching Blackville on the Charleston and Augusta Railroad February 10, 1865. The same day moved forward toward Columbi and on the 15th of February, 1865, reached Lexington Court-House, which as ordered to be occupied that evening by Brevet Brigadier-General Barnum, commanding the brigade, in pursuance of which the two was entered without any serious opposition. This regiment was thrown across the Columbia road and, in compliance with directions received from general commanding brigade, care [was] taken that no buildings be burned or citizens molested in the exercise of their usual avocation. The next morning we left the town, moving to the Columbia road, and after marching a short distance thereon took the road toward Zion Church, and on the 18th of February crossed the Saluda River. Continuing our march on the 20th of February crossed Broad River and taking the Winnsborough road reached that placed on the 21st. In the afternoon the regiment moved up the railroad and proceeded to destroy a portion thereof and continued the same work on the 22nd until afternoon, when the brigade moved on to join the rest of the division, which it did the same evening. Taking the Rocky Mount road, moved forward on the 23rd; crossed the Wateree River, continuing the march via Hanging Rock toward Chesterfield, which place we reached on the 3rd of March, 1865. Left early next morning and marched toward Sneedsborough, the Second Division having charge of Third and Second Division trains.

On the 6th of March moved out on the Cheraw road, and passing through that place crossed the Great Pedee River; marching on the Fayetteville road, crossed Lumber River and [reached] Fayetteville on the 12th of March. On the 13th, first passing in review before Generals Sherman and Slocum, crossed Cape Fear River and bivouacked on the Raleigh road, about three miles above Fayetteville. Here a day was given the command to rest, and on the 15th of March again moved forward, keeping the main plank road and taking the road toward Goldsborough, the Second Division having charge of the corps train. Continued thereon until the 20th, when, in pursuance of orders, moved out at 1 a.m., and marched throughout the night. Rejoined the corps at daylight near Mill Creek, on the Goldsborough roin obedience to orders received from corps headquarters, this regiment moved 5 a.m., and, taking [charge] of the pack train and headquarters' wagons of the corps, marched toward Canaan Church, reaching Falling Creek at 8 p.m., where I encamped for the night. On the 23rd in pursuance of orders from general commanding brigade crossed Falling Creek and rejoined the brigade. Crossed Neuse River and reached Goldsborough, N. C., the objective point, on the 24th of March, 1865.

During the whole of this campaign, although participating in no engagement, the men have always evinced a readiness to undertake any labor or danger, and have undergone hardships and fatigue second

