
to none heretofore required of them. From first to last, and with but two exceptions, not a day has passed but that this regiment has been with the wagons trains and in assisting it over the roads. Constant and varying labor has been demanded and given in corduroying and repairing the roads, which from the beginning have been of the worst character and rendered nearly impassable by the almost constant rains which have been prevalent during the campaign. The only railroad destroyed by the regiment was that near Winnsborough, on the Columbia and Charleston Railroad, where a little more than a mile was most effectually destroyed, every rail having been twisted. Fourteen horses and ten mules have been captured and turned in to the assistant quartermaster of the Third Brigade. Thirty negroes have followed the regiment and some fifteen head of cattle captured, and of the rations consumed by the command at least three-fourths have been foraged by the men detailed from the regiment for the purpose. In the performance of this duty of foraging for the regiment there have been 2 men wounded and 1 officer and 12 men captured.

Throughout the lengthy and laborious campaign both officers and men have behaved well and at all times cheerfully complied with whatever has been required of them. They have arrived at this point deficient of clothing of every kind and in great need of a rest from their heavy labors.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. S. CHATFIELD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain L. S. WILLSON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.
HDQRS. 102nd NEW YORK VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Near Washington, D. C., May 20, 1865.

SIR: In relation to the operations of this regiment since leaving Richmond, I have the honor to report that on the 11th day of May, 1865, it left camp near Manchester, Va., and commenced its march toward Washington, in pursuance of orders received from army headquarters, passing through Richmond the same day. Marched via Chilesburg, Brentsville, and Spotsylvania Court-House, and arrived near Alexandria on the 19th day of May, where it encamped. On the 24th of May this regiment broke camp, marched to and through Washington, passing in review at the latter place, and arriving at our present encampment the same day.

During the march good order and discipline was preserved throughout the command and the property of private citizens at all times respected.

I respectfully call your attention to the indorsement of Major O. J. Spaulding in relation to operations of the regiment between Golds borough, N. C., and Richmond, Va.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. S. CHATFIELD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain S. B. WHEELOCK,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., Twentieth Army Corps.

