
Numbers 175. Report of Major Oscar J. Spaulding, One hundred and second New York Infantry, of operations April 10-May 11.
HDQRS. 102nd Regiment NEW YORK VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Near Washington, D. C., May 31, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of operations of this regiment during the march from Goldsborough, N. C., to Richmond, Va.:

Pursuant to orders received from headquarters Third Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, this regiment left camp at 5 a.m., April 10, 1865; marched through Goldsborough on the Smithfield road, a distance of nine miles, and bivouacked for the night. This regiment having been wagon guard started at 5 a.m. on the 11th of April; crossed a small stream, bordered with swamps, about one mile wide, 9 p.m. Started at 6. 30 a.m. April 12; entered Smithfield at company front and went out by the right flank, crossed the Neuse river at that place, crossed a small stream and proceeded about two miles on the Raleigh road; marched about fifteen miles. April 13, left camp at 5. 30 a.m. ; marched with but few halts during the day. Marched on Raleigh railroad about six miles from the city; passed to the left of the town and bivouacked at about 4 p.m. near lunatic asylum; marched a distance of about seventeen miles. This command remained in camp until April 26 [25], when orders were received from brigade headquarters to be held in readiness to march; left camp at about 10 a.m. on 26th [25th] of April and marched to Jones' Cross-Roads, where we arrived about 6 p.m., a distance of about fifteen miles. On 27th of April, laid out camp and returned to Raleigh on the 28th; went in camp at the same place where the regiment occupied previous to marching. Remained in camp until April 30, when, in compliance of orders from General Barnum, the command left Raleigh, N. C., at 7 a.m. ; crossed Crab Tree Creek and bivouacked on the bank of the Neuse at 9 p.m., the bridge having broken down, making it impossible for wagon trains to cross. This regiment was rear guard of the brigade.

May 1, left camp at 5 a.m. ; rejoined the brigade this side of the river. Crossed Cedar Creek and Tar River and bivouacked three miles therefrom. Continued the march May 2 in the direction of Orford, leaving it to our left, and bivouacked about two miles from Henderson, N. C. Marched twenty-one miles; started at 5 a.m. on May 3, passed through Henderson and halted four miles from the Roanoke River to let the First and Third Divisions pass. May 4, marched out of camp at 7 a.m. ; crossed the Roanoke River and Coleman's Creek and proceeded toward Saffold's Bridge, and encamped about four miles therefrom. May 6, left camp at 5 a.m. ; crossed the Meherrin and a small fork of the Nottoway River and bivouacked about three miles from the Nottoway at 6 p.m. May 6, left camp at 6 a.m. ; crossed a branch of the Nottoway, and the Nottoway River at Cross' Bridge, and struck the South Side Railroad at Blacks and Whites Station. Marched along the railroad and bivouacked at 8 p.m., one mile from Wellville Station, this regiment being in rear of division wagon train. May 8, left camp at 6 a.m. and passed through Clover Hill, Va., and encamped about eight miles from Richmond, Va. May 9, left camp at

