
9 a.m. ; marched three miles and laid out camp. The command remained here for two days, and I was relieved from command by Lieutenant-Colonel Chatfield.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. J. SPAULDING,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain S. B. WHEELOCK,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 176. Report of Major Milo B. Eldredge, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Infantry, of operations January 27-March 25.
HEADQUARTERS 137TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 31, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following as a report of this regiment during the recent march from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C.:

January 27, pursuant to orders we left camp at Savannah, Ga., at 9. 30 a.m., taking a northwesterly direction; encamped for the night twelve miles from Savannah. A detail from the regiment was on picket. January 28, the One hundred and thirty-seventh Regiment leading the brigade, we marched about fourteen miles and went on picket as a regiment. January 29, left camp at 6. 30 a.m. and marched through Springfield, Ga. Halted for the night at 2 p.m. near Sister's Ferry, brigade in line of battle. In this camp we remained until February 4. Brigade dress parades were held daily.

February 4, in compliance with orders the regiment moved at 7 a.m. ; crossed the Savannah River at Sister's Ferry at 1 p.m. After marching three miles the troops received full rations for three days. Encamped for the night at 6 p.m. ; distance marched, six miles. February 5, marched at 6. 30 a.m. ; went slowly; l built some corduroy road; encamped for the night at 5 p.m., having marched ten miles. February 6, marched at 6 a.m. in a westerly direction; passed Lawtonville; marched fourteen miles and encamped. February 7, left camp at 7. 30 a.m. ; crossed Duck Creek and went into camp; distance marched, five miles. February 8, marched at 7. 30 a.m. ; crossed a creek which, together with a swamp, was nearly a mile in width, on the north side of which strong works were built by the enemy; encamped near Buford's Bridge; distance marched, twelve miles. February 9, left camp at 6. 30 a.m. ; marched in a northerly direction; encamped for the night within one mile of Blackville, S. C. ; distance marched, eighteen miles. February 10, started at 7. 30 a.m. and marched through Blackville, at 8. 30 a.m., and remained until 2. 30 p.m., when we resumed our march directly north. Crossed the South Edisto River at dusk, and went on picket as a regiment; distance marched, ten miles. February 11, remained on picket all day; got plenty of forage for the regiment. February 12, left the picket-line at 8 a.m. and marched with the train; went into camp at 5 p.m. near the North Edisto River; the enemy disputed our passage; marched twelve miles. February 13, broke camp at 7 a.m. and crossed the river at the rear of the First and Second Brigades; halted for breakfast, where we

