
Numbers 177. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Koert S. Van Voorhees, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Infantry, of operations April 10-May 31.
HDQRS. 137TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Near Washington, D. C., May 31, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the One hundred and thirty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers from April 10, 1865, to May 30, 1865:

The regiment left Goldsborough; N. C., on Monday, April 10, 1865, and marched to Raleigh, N. C., by way of Smithfield, which place it reached on the 13th of April, having marched about sixty miles. The regiment remained in camp in the vicinity of Raleigh until April 25, when it moved with the rest of the brigade to the neighborhood of Jones' Cross-Roads, distant twelve miles from Raleigh. It returned to the vicinity of Raleigh the 27th of April, and on the 30th of April took up the line of march for Alexandria, Va., passing through Raleigh and crossing the Neuse River and same day, encamping that night on its north bank.

Resumed the march on the morning of May 1, crossing Tar River the same afternoon, and the Roanoke River at Tango Ferry on the morning of May 4, the Meherrin River at Saffold's Bridge on the morning of May 5, the Nottoway River May 6, the Appomattox May 7, and encamped near Falling Creek, seven miles from Richmond, on the evening of the 8th of May. On the 9th we moved two miles nearer Richmond and encamped, where we remained until the 11th of May, when the march was resumed, passing through Richmond the same day, crossing the Chickahominy and encamping near Ashland on the 12th, crossing the South Anna River and Little River on the 13th and the North Anna on the 14th of May. Passed on the 15th of May through Spotsylvania Court-House and over a portion of the battle-field of May 10, 1864, crossing the different branches of the Mattapony and passing over a portion of the battle-field ground of Chancellorsville, where a detail was made to bury the bones of the members of this regiment who fell in that battle, and which were still lying in the trenches where they fell, unburied. Crossed the Rappahannock River at United States Ford on the same night, and encamped on the north bank. Resumed the march on the morning of the 16th, at 5 a.m. crossed Cedar Run on the 17th, and encamped the same night at Brentsville. On the 18th crossed Broad and Bull Run Creeks, and encamped the same night within two miles of Fairfax Station. Marched from thence on the 19th and encamped about three miles from Alexandria, near Cloud's Mills. Remained in camp until Wednesday, the 24th of May, when the regiment moved with the brigade to Washington, crossing at Long Bridge and passing in review before the President, heads of the Departments, and principal officers of the Army. After the review the regiment moved out on the Bladensburg pike about four miles from Washington City and went into camp was visited by his excellency Reuben E. Fenton, governor of the State of New York.

The whole distance marched by this regiment from Raleigh to its present camp was about 300 miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. S. VAN VOORHEES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain S. B. WHEELOCK,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

