
Numbers 178. Report of Captain Henry N. Burhans, One hundred and forty-ninth New York Infantry, of operations January 27-March 26.
HEADQUARTERS 149TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 27, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully beg leave to submit the following report of the operations of the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers during the campaign just closed:

From the date of last report to the 27th of January, 1865, the regiment was commanded by Major N. Grumbach, and was assigned a portion of the city of Savannah to guard. On that day, Major Grumbach leaving the regiment on leave of absence, I assumed command. January 27, at 8 a.m. assembled the regiment; the total strength of the regiment present was 13 officers, 245 musket-bearing men, 26 daily-duty men, musicians, and noon-commissioned staff, making an aggregate of 283; joined the brigade and division; marched in charge of the wagon train toward Springfield, eleven miles, and bivouacked for the night at 5 p.m. January 29, marched at 6 a.m. seventeenth miles and bivouacked at 4 p.m. January 29, marched at 6. 30 a.m. three miles to Springfield, thence nine miles to the neighborhood of Sister's Ferry, and bivouacked at 3. 30 p.m.

January 30 to February 4, remained in bivouac awaiting the completion of the roads across the swamps of the South Carolina shore. February 4, this day crossed the Savannah River, and at 7 p.m. bivouacked six miles from our previous camp. February 5, moved forward at daylight through Robertsville, S. C., and bivouacked at 5 p.m., having marched eight miles. February 6, at daylight broke camp and marched a little west of north through the village of Lawtonville and bivouacked at 5 p.m. near Steep Bottom Church, having marched fifteen miles. February 7, at 8 a. m. broke camp in the rain; at noon passed Bethlehem Church; at 6 p.m. bivouacked at Duck Creek; distance made, five miles. February 8, broke camp at 9 a.m. ; crossed the Salkehatchie River and Buford's Bridge and bivouacked in the evacuated rebel works at 8 p.m., having made fifteen miles. February 9, broke camp at 6 a.m. ; marched twenty miles to Blackville on the Augusta and Charleston Railroad and bivouacked at 4 p.m. February 10, at 7 a.m. marched through the village [of Blackville] and camped; at 1 p.m. broke camp and moved on to the South Edisto River and crossed at the upper end of Fair's Island; bivouacked at 7. 30 p.m., having made eight miles. February 11, regiment detailed to work on road; reported at daybreak; worked until 1 p.m., when it was relieved by the Sixtieth New York volunteers; remained in bivouac that night. February 12, broke camp at 7 a.m. ; marched to the North Edisto River at Jeffcoat's Bridge, the enemy holding the north side; bivouacked at 5 p.m. ; distance marched this day, eight miles. February 13, at 7 a.m. crossed the river and halted until dark, then following the rear of the train came into bivouac at 10 p.m., having made four miles. February 14, at 8 a.m. advanced to the cross-roads between Lexington, Orangeburg, Augusta, and Columbia, and bivouacked; distance made, six miles and a half. February 15, moved forward at 7 a.m. toward Lexington Court-House; bivouacked at 2 p.m. two miles from town. At 4 p.m. with brigade advanced and occupied the town, the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers supporting the One hundred and thirty-seventh New

