
York Volunteers who deployed as skirmishers. Threw up barricades and bivouacked for the night in town; distance made, twelve miles. February 16, broke camp in Lexington at 7 a.m., and with brigade rejoined the division; marched toward Columbia and bivouacked four miles from the Saluda River at 4 p.m. ; distance made, eight miles. February 17, broke camp at 9 a.m., marched toward Zion Church, near the Saluda River, and bivouacked; distance made, three miles. February 18, at 11 a.m. moved across the Saluda River and marched to Faust's Mills, on bush Creek, and bivouacked at sunset; distance made, eight miles. February 19, remained in viouac until 2 p.m. ; then marched as wagon guard to Broad River and bivouacked near Freshly's Ferry at 10 p.m. ; distance made, five miles. February 20, at 1 p.m. crossed the river and marched toward Winnsborough; bivouacked on Owen's farm, at Kincaid's Cross Roads; distance made, nine miles. February 21, broke camp at 7 a.m. ; entered Winnsborough at 11 a.m. ; at 1 p.m. moved up the Columbia and Charlotte Railroad and worked until dark destroying it; returned two miles and bivouacked; distance made, thirteenth mils. February 22, moved out to the railroad and destroyed it to Adger's Station; at 3. 30 p.m. marched north to White Oak Station, thence east to Wateree Church, and bivouacked at 9 p.m. ; distance made, fifteen miles. February 23, at 7 p.m. moved forward to the Wateree River and crossed at Rocky Mount; worked until 10 p.m. assisting the train across; distance made, fourteen miles. February 24, at 10 a.m. broke camp and marched six miles and bivouacked at 4 p.m. on Hillards farm. February 25, remained in bivouac. February 26, broke camp at 9 a.m. ; marched as train guard to near Hanging Rock Post-Office and bivouacked at dark; distance made, six miles. February 27, moved camp across Hanging Rock Creek, three miles. February 28, broke camp at 6 a.m. ; at 9 a.m. marched back on the road to assist wagons forward; crossed Little Lynch's Creek and bivouacked at 4 p.m. (Made a memorandum muster.) Distance made, eight miles.

March 1, marched 11 a.m., crossing Big Buffalo and Gib Lynch's Creeks; bivouacked near the latter at 7 p.m., having made twelve miles. March 2, at 9 a.m. marched to near black Creek, eight miles, where a broken bridge delayed us until March 3. Marched at 9 a.m. ; crossed Black Creek and Little Black Creek; reached Chesterfield Court-House at 10. 30 p.m. and bivouacked; distance made, fifteen miles. March 4, moved at 6. 30 a.m. ; crossed Thompson's Creek; marched to near Sneedsborough and bivouacked; distance made, ten miles and a half. March 5, remained in bivouac. March 6, broke camp at 9 a.m. ; marched to Cheraw; crossed the Pedee Rivera t 7 p.m. ; marched until 1 a.m. and bivouacked; distance made, sixteen miles. March 7, broke camp at 9 a.m. ; marched to One hundred and six Mile Station, on Rockingham and Wilmington Railroad; crossed the State line into North Carolina dn bivouacked at 10 p.m. ; regiment on picket; distance marched, twelve miles. March 8, at noon moved forward toward McFarland's Bridge; bivouacked at 10 p.m. ; distance made, seven miles. March 9 marched at 7 a.m. ; bivouacked at 10 p.m. three miles from Lumber River; distance made, eight miles. March 10, broke camp at 7. 30 a.m. ; crossed Lumber River in the afternoon and bivouacked at 7 p.m. ; distance made, seven miles. March 11, marched at 7 a.m. toward Fayetteville; struck the plank road and bivouacked at 4 p.m. fourteen miles from Fayetteville; distance made, fifteen miles. March 12, moved at 11. 30 a.m. ; reached Fayetteville

49 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

