
grounds. At and near Bamberg the division destroyed some ten miles of the Augusta and Charleston Railroad, and at Columbia upward of 1,300 bales of cotton, together with a large lot of rebel government munitions of war, were destroyed by this command.

February 1 to 28, inclusive. -The division has captured from the enemy 6 commissioned officers and 139 enlisted men.

[March.]-During the month this division marched from Big Lynch's Creek, S. C., via Cheraw and Fayetteville, to Goldsborough, N. C., living from the country, both men and animals; the latter entirely, the former nearly so. Near Bentonville, N. C., the division was engaged with the balance of the army corps in battling with rebels for the right, losing during the skirmish fighting, which lasted three days, 118 killed and wounded; 11 enlisted men killed and 8 officers wounded.

April 1 to the morning of the 10th. -The division occupied its camp around Goldsborough, N. C. At the latter date the command moved out, passing Nahunta Station and Folk's Bridge (over Little River) to Raleigh, entering the city on the 14th of the month. A truce occurring between the two armies about this time, there was no further movement until April 29, when the march northward toward Richmond began, this division moving on that day beyond Neuse River and encamped on the 30th.

May 1. -This division left camp near Neuse River, nine miles from Raleigh, N. C., and began the march toward Washington, moving via Petersburg, Richmond, and Alexandria.

Arrived at Washington in time to take part in the review of the Military Division of the Mississippi, May 24, and immediately moved on to the camp assigned near Crystal Springs, some two miles from the city of Washington, where the command is now [May 31] located.

First Brigade, First Division.

February 1. -In the morning this brigade left McPhersonville, S. C., where it was encamped.

February 7. -It reached the Augusta and Charleston Railroad near Bamberg, S. C., where it remained until the 9th, during which time it destroyed four miles of railroad track.

February 9. -In the morning it again moved, and after constantly marching it reached Columbia, S. C., on the 17th, where it remained until the afternoon of the 20th.

February 20. -It again moved.

February 26. -In the morning reached Lynch's Creek, where it is still [February 28] encamped.

Distance marched during the month, 225 miles. Loss during the month was eight enlisted men, supposed to be captured.

March 1. -This brigade left Lynch's Creek, S. C., and marched, via New Market, Laurel Hill, and Cheraw, to Fayetteville, N. C., which place it reached on the 12th.

March 14. -Crossed the Cape River near Fayetteville, N. C.

March 15. -Was ordered to guard the trains of the several divisions of the Fifteenth Corps, which were ordered to move in rear of the troops.

March 16. -In the morning it moved, via Beam[an]'s Cross-Roads, to Buck Creek, N. C., which place it reached March 20, and there met orders to join the corps, then at Bentonville, N. C., which it did on the 21st, and took a position between the Second and Third Brigades,

