
at 5. 30 p.m. ; bivouacked half a mile town; distance made, fourteen miles. March 13, broke camp at 1 p.m. ; marched through town in column; reviewed by General Sherman; crossed the Cape Fear River and bivouacked at 5 p.m. ; distance made, five miles. March 14, remain in bivouac. March 15, moved forward in charge of train to Black Creek, a tributary of South River, and bivouacked at 5 p.m. ; distance made, nine miles east of the bridge, on Jackson's farm; distance made, eight miles. March 17, remained in bivouac. March 18 moved with train eight miles toward Bentonville and bivouacked at 11 p.m. March 19, marched in charge of train at 6. 30 a.m. toward Falling Creek; bivouacked at 7 p.m. ; regiment on picket; distance made, ten miles. March 20, relieved from picket at 1 a.m. and ordered with brigade to join the corps near Bentonville; arrived there at 6. 30 a.m. ; distance made, eight miles. March 21, at 10 a.m. was ordered with my regiment to escort a train of wounded men to the corps hospital train; succeeded in getting all but forty wagons across Falling Creek before bivouacking; left a detachment in charge of rear wagons; distance made, eighteen miles. March 22, the last wagon joined the train at 10 a.m. ; reported to Colonel Mindil, Second Brigade, and was ordered to join my brigade by way of Cox's Mills; marched back four miles and learned that the corps was coming up on the road that I had left; regiment returned thither and bivouacked at 5 p.m. three miles in advance of the corps; distance made, eight miles. March 23, at 8 a.m. joined brigade and division; moved forward and crossed the Neuse River at Cox's Bridge; bivouacked three miles from the crossing; distance made, eight miles. March 24, at 8 a.m. moved forward unencumbered and arrived at Goldsborough at 10 a.m. ; marched through town in column; reviewed by General Sherman and bivouacked one mile north; distance made, nine miles. up the Weldon railroad one mile and bivouacked; made preparations to go into camp. March 26, moved into position for permanent camp, and officers and men commenced erecting quarters.

Upon leaving Savannah the men carried days' rations. Since then I have drawn fifteen days' rations of bread and six days' rations of pork, with a small ration of coffee and sugar. The balance of our subsistence has been foraged from the country. We have also foraged and turned over to the acting assistant commissary of the brigade about 3,500 pounds of flour, 1,750 pounds of meal, and 1,500 pounds of pork. I have also turned in 25 mules and 15 horses. The regiment has torn up about three-quarters of a mile of railroad and built a large quantity of corduroy roads for our trains, which I have no means of computing, as we have been almost day building roads and assisting the trains.

We came into our present came with 13 officers and 236 men, having lost 1 officer and 7 enlisted men, sent back sick; 11 enlisted men, absent without leave; 12 enlisted men, detached at headquarters, Left Wing; 5 enlisted men, detached at commissary depot; aggregate, 36. Gained: 3 recruits and 1 recaptured prisoner of war; aggregate, 4.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. N. BURHANS,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain LESTER S. WILLSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

