
passed over the battle-grounds; arrived at the Chancellorsville battle-ground at 3 p.m. ; crossed the Rappahannock River and United States Ford and bivouacked at dark. May 16, broke camp at United States Ford at 4. 30 a.m. and bivouacked at 3 p.m. May 17, broke camp at 5 a.m. ; marched to Brentsville and bivouacked at 2 p.m. May 18, broke camp at 9 a.m. ; crossed Cedar and Bull Run Creeks and bivouacked near Fairfax Station at 8 p.m. May 10, broke camp at 6 a.m. ; passed Fairfax Station, struck the Alexandria pike, and arrived at camp near Cloud's Mills, three miles from Alexandria, Va., at 4 p.m. May 20 to 23 inclusive, remained in camp near Cloud's Mills. May 24, broke camp at 5 a.m. ; marched to Long Bridge; crossed the Potomac into Washington at 10 a.m. ; passed in review at 1 p.m. before President Johnson, members of Cabinet, Generals Grant, Sherman, Slocum, and other officers, and many thousand citizens; marched five miles out of the city and encamped near Bladensburg at 5 p.m. May 25 to 29, remained in camp at Bladensburg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NICHOLAS GRUMBACH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain SAMUEL B. WHEELOCK,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 180. Report of Major George E. Johnson, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations January 27-March 25.
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 31, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report in compliance with orders from brigade headquarters received March 30, 1865:

From the 21st of December, 1864, the date of last report, until the 27th of January, 1865, the regiment, in conjunction with the brigade, were on provost duty in the city of Savannah, Ga. January 27, broke camp at 8 o'clock; joined the brigade on South Broad street at 9 o'clock, being third in line, and moved at 10 o'clock, taking the Augusta road, which we found in bad condition. After going about eleven miles and a half encamped for the night near Monteith Station. January 28, moved at 6. 30, regiment begin second in line of brigade. After going about four miles took the middle road to the left, which we found in bad condition. Went into camp for the night about 3 o'clock; marched fifteen miles. January 29, moved at 6. 30, the regiment being the advance guard for the division; passed through the town of Springfield; took the road to the right to Sister's Ferry; bivouacked for the night within two miles and a half of the ferry, marching some eleven miles. January 30, regiment in camp; brigade dress parade at 4 p.m. January 31, still in camp; brigade dress parade at 4 p.m.

February 1, still in camp; inspection by General Barnum at 10 a.m. ; parade at 4 p.m. February 2, still in camp; parade at 4 p.m. February 3, still in camp; parade at 4 p.m. Received orders to be ready to move in an hour and a half. Order countermanded to move at daylight. February 4, moved at 7 o'clock, crossing the Savannah River at Sister's Ferry; officers and men supplied with rations; encamped for the night about one mile and a half from ferry; regiment furnished the picket. February 5, moved at 6 o'clock; repaired the road

