
through swamp; passed through Robertsville and bivouacked for the night after marching some eleven milesoke camp at 6. 30 o'clock; passed through Lawtonville; went into camp at 4. 30 o'clock, having marched about fifteen miles and a half. February 7, ordered to move at 6. 30; moved at 8 o'clock; crossed Duck Creek; went into camp at 5. 30 o'clock, after marching about seven miles. February 8, ordered to move at 7. 30; started at 8 o'clock, following the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, the brigade being in rear of the division; marched about nine miles; halted for dinner; crossed Salkehatchie River; encamped at Buford's Bridge, marching twelve miles during the day. February 9, ordered to move at 6 o'clock; moved at 7; marched some eleven miles and halted for dinner on Mrs. Tlefenney's plantation; marched seven miles farther to within two miles of Blacksville and encamped; eighty-eight drafted men joined. February 10, moved at 7. 30 in rear of brigade; brigade in advance; moved to Blackville; encamped in line; ordered to move at 2 o'clock; marched to the South Edisto River, eight miles; regiment detailed to repair bridge which had broken while the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers were crossing; crossed the river and went into camp about one mile and a half from the river at 8. 30 o'clock. February 11, remained in camp; detail sent out to repair road and bridge for the wagons. February 12, ordered to move at 7 o'clock; started at 8; regiment fifth in line; brigade in charge of wagons; marched to the North Edisto River; enemy on opposite bank to dispute our crossing; went into camp on south side of the river, having marched about eleven miles; regiment on picket. February 13, ordered to withdraw pickets and move to the bridge at daylight; moved to and crossed the river and rejoined our brigade and division, which we found [in] line skirmishing with the enemy; ordered to get breakfast, and waited until the First and Third Divisions passed us, when we started in charge of wagons; went into camp about 8 o'clock, having marched about six miles. February 14, moved at 8 o'clock; regiment third in line; brigade in advance of division; had charge of a number of wagons; after going about three miles and a half on the Columbia road took the Lexington road; after going about six miles and a half bivouacked for the night.

February 15, broke camp at 8 o'clock; went into camp, after marching about eleven mils. About 4 o'clock "general" was sounded, the brigade moved to and occupied Lexington Court-House. February 16, moved at daylight and rejoined the division. Started toward Columbia; bivouacked for the night within four miles and a half of Columbia; marched seven miles and a half. February 17, moved at 9 o'clock; moved but a short distance, the road being blocked with wagons of Fourteenth Corps and cavalry; bivouacked for the night near Lexington Mills. February 18, moved at 8. 30; crossed the Saluda River on pontoon bridge; halted for dinner; after dinner took charge of wagons; after going some eight miles encamped for the night; regiment on picket. February 19, broke camp at 3 p.m., in charge of wagons; went into camp about 9 o'clock, having marched five miles and a half. February 20, ordered to move at 8. 30; moved about 12. 30; crossed Broad River; marched toward Winnsborough and bivouacked for the night, having marched ten miles; regiment third in line, brigade in advance. February 21, moved at 6. 30; marched to Winnsborough; halted for dinner; after dinner passed through Winnsborough; commenced destroying the railroad; worked until dark, when we returned to near town and bivouacked for the night, having marched fifteen miles. February 22, broke

