
camp at 7. 30; moved out on the railroad again; destroyed the railroad to near White Oak. Started at 5 o'clock to rejoin the corps; went into camp at Wateree Church at 9 o'clock, having marched fourteen miles. February 23, moved at 7 o'clock; marched seven miles and halted for supper; moved after supper; crossed Catawba River; so many wagons assigned to a regiment to be assisted up the hill (Liberty); moved about two miles and a half farther and bivouacked for the night, getting in at 1 o'clock, having marched fifteen miles and a half. February 24, moved at 10 o'clock; roads in a terrible condition; moved on mile and a half and got dinner; marched one mile and a half to camp on Willard's farm. February 25, ordered to move at 7 o'cnded until further orders; remained in camp all day. February 26, ordered to move at 7 o'clock; started at 9 o'clock and moved out on the road; started about 12 m. in charge of thirty-five wagons; went into camp at 6. 30; marched eight miles; regiment on picket. February 27, ordered to move at 6. 30; remained in camp until 12; moved about two miles and bivouacked near Hanging Rock. February 28, broke camp at 6. 30; regiment third in line, brigade second in line; roads in bad condition; marched six miles; ordered back some distance; moved back again; crossed Lynch's Creek; corduroyed portion of road; went into camp at 3 o'clock. Regiment mustered for pay.

March 1, moved at 11. 30 o'clock, in charge of twenty-one wagons; crossed Buffalo Creek and halted for supper; crossed Big Lynch's Creek and went into camp at 8 o'clock, having marched fourteen miles. March 2, broke camp at 10 o'clock, brigade in rear, regiment in advance of brigade; bivouacked for the night near Big Black Creek; marched eight miles. March 3, ordered to move at 6. 30, started at 8. 30, in charge of twenty-five wagons; roads bad. After marching about fourteen miles went into camp near Chesterfield Court-House at 11 p.m. March 4, broke camp at 7. 30; moved through Chesterfield; had charge of fifty wagons, road being bad; crossed Thompson's Creek; took the Sneedsborough road; went into camp at 5. 30 near Sneedsborough; marched about eleven miles; regiment on picket. March 5, remained in camp and regiment still on picket. March 6, and 8 o'clock ordered to draw in pickets and to be ready to move at the sound of the bugle; moved at 8. 30 o'clock; took the plank road to Cheraw; reached Cheraw at 1 o'clock and got dinner. After dinner marched through town and halted near the bridge. Crossed the Great Pedee at 9 p.m. ; marched about five miles beyond the river and bivouacked for the night, having marched sixteen miles. March 7, moved at 6. 30, regiment third in line; had charge of thirty-four wagons; went into camp at 1 o'clock, having marched thirteen miles. March 8, ordered to move at 9 o'clock; broke camp at 11 o'clock; started in charge of thirty-four wagons; roads in terrible condition, being obliged to halt frequently to corduroy. Went into camp at 7 o'clock; marched seven miles. March 9, moved at 7 o'clock in charge of twenty-three wagons, roads in bad condition; marched some eight miles to near Lumber River, getting into camp at 8 o'clock. March 10, ordered to move at 6. 30, broke camp at 8 o'clock; roads in bad condition; crossed Lumber River at McFarland's Bridge; marched some two miles and bivouacked for the night. March 11, broke camp at 6 o'clock; passed First Division; afterwards waited until First Division passed, started in charge of corps train, regiment in charge of eighty wagons; crossed Little Rockfish Creek, Big Rockfish Creek, and Beaver Creek, and after marching thirteen miles bivouacked for the night. March 12, ordered to move at 5 o'clock; started at 11

