
o'clock in charge of seventy-five wagons, brigade second in line; marched to within one mile of Fayetteville and encamped; marched nine miles. March 13, started at 9 o'clock with twenty-five wagons detailed to go for forage; crossed the Cape Fear River; took the Averasborough plank road; passed the Fourteenth Corps in camp. When near the Five-Mile Post found the enemy in our front, road barricaded, and three bridges destroyed. Being so far beyond the picket-line and near night, and not knowing the number of the enemy, deemed it inadvisable to proceed farther. Repaired bridge and went into camp, having marched six miles. March 14, moved at daylight; found the enemy gone in our front; proceeded as far as the Eleven Mile Post, where we found the enemy again-about 200-on the opposite side of a creek holding a mill, mounted foragers skirmishing with them; found a quantity of corn close by and loaded the wagons. Ordered Company I of my regiment to drive the enemy and recover the body of Lieutenant Ethan O. Fulce, of this regiment who was killed while skirmishing, w which they did, driving the enemy from the mill just as General Cogswell's Third Brigade, Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, came along. Returned to camp, having marched fifteen miles and a half. March 15, broke camp at 9 o'clock; division in charge of corps; train moved on the Averasborough plank road to near the Eight-Mile Post, turned to the right, taking the Goldsborough road; went into camp at 4 o'clock about four miles from Black River, having marched nine miles. About 5 o'clock the "general" was sounded; fell in line and moved to the river-four miles. Lieutenant Trites, in charge of mounted foragers (twenty-four) of the regiment, ordered to report to Major O'Connor, as advance guard for division. March 16, ordered out at 9 o'clock to make corduroy road; returned to camp and moved at 1 o'clock crossing Black River; laid corduroy road and went into camp about two miles from the river; regiment on picket. March 17, division did not move; regiment remained on picket. March 18, moved at 12 o'clock; regiment in rear of brigade; brigade in rear of division; roads in bad condition; reached camp at 4 a.m., March 19, marching about seven miles. March 19, moved at 6. 30 in charge of eighty wagons; went into camp about 12 o'clock midnight; marched eleven miles. At 1 o'clock ordered in line; moved to and rejoined our corps near Bentonville, on Mill Creek, where our corps, with the Fourteenth, had been engaged with the enemy; reached camp at daylight, March 20, marching eleven miles. March 20, did not move. March 21, moved a short distance. March 22, moved at 7. 30 toward Cox's Bridge over Neuse River; crossed Falling Creek, and went into camp about 11 p.m. ; was division officer of the day. March 23, moved at 6 o'clock; regiment in advance of the corps; crossed Neuse River and encamped about 4. 30 o'clock; regiment on picket; marched eleven miles. March 24, as per order, sent pack animals ahead at 1 a.m. ; broke camp at 5 o'clock; crossed Little River; passed through the town of Goldsborough in review; moved beyond the town, and bivouacked for the night, marching seven miles. March 25, broke camp at 11. 30 a.m. ; moved about two miles farther north of the city, and established the line for our permanent camp.

I also inclose the following list of casualties: Commissioned officers killed, 1; privates missing, 19.

Respectfully submitted.

GEO. E. JOHNSON,

Major, Commanding Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

Captain LESTER S. WILLSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

