
Numbers 181. Report of Colonel Samuel M. Zulich, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations April 10-May 29.
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOLS.,Near Bladensburg, May 29, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from headquarters Third Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the annexed report of the operations of this regiment during the campaign from Goldsborough, N. C., to this point:

April 10, 1865, broke camp at 6. 30 a.m., and took up the line of march and passed through Goldsborough; took the river road, crossing Little River; passed through Beaver Swamp and bivouacked on Moccasin Creek at midnight; the First Division having the advance, had considerable skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry; marched fourteen miles. April 11, moved at 5. 30 a.m., Second Division having the advance; crossed the Moccasin and Little Creek; Second Brigade had some skirmishing with the enemy; character of the country good; the day was sultry and warm; reached Smithfield at 2 p.m. ; bivouacked on an open area of ground upon the banks of the Neuse River; marched sixteen miles. April 12, broke camp at 7 a.m. ; prior to taking up the line of march the brigades massed. General Sherman's congratulatory order was read to the troops, including General Grant's official dispatch announcing the surrender of General Lee's army at Burkeville Station. At 10 a.m. took up the line of march; crossed the Neuse River; took Fayetteville road; marched fourteen miles; bivouacked at --- store. April 13, broke camp at 6 a.m. ; marched ten miles; passed around the city of Raleigh, and encamped about one mile from the State lunatic asylum; the army lay in their respective camps until the 25th, during the time specified for the armistice awaiting the confirmation or rejection of the terms of surrender of General Johnston by the Federal authorities. On Saturday, April 22, Generals Sherman and Slocum reviewed the Twentieth Army Corps. April 25, the terms of Johnston having been rejected by the President of the United States the army was put on the march; broke camp at 5 a.m. ; took the road to Holly Springs; marched sixteen miles and bivouacked for the night. The brigade remained at this point until Friday, when General Johnston having made an unconditional surrender to General Sherman we retraced our steps and reached our old camp-ground, on the outside of Raleigh, at 11 a.m., in which we remained until Sunday, the 30th. April 30, took up the line of march for homeward journey; passed through Raleigh at 8 a.m., at platoon front, General Slocum reviewing the troops as they passed; took the left-hand road toward the Neuse River, crossing the Gaston Railroad and Crab Tree Creek, and bivouacked at Manteo's Mills, fifteen miles from Raleigh.

May 1, took up the line of march at 5 a.m. ; regiment detailed as rear guard for division; had charge of division artillery and corps supply trains; took the road toward Lamay's Cross-Roads; crossed the Tar River, marched twenty-three miles and bivouacked for the night. May 2, broke camp and took up the line of march at 5 a.m., taking the main road toward, Williamsborough; marched nineteen miles and halted for the night, the Fourteenth Corps having possession of the road. May 3, broke camp at 5 a.m. ; passed through the town of Williamsborough; marched fifteen miles; went into camp at noon to permit one division of the Fourteenth Corps and the First and Third Divisions

