
of the Twentieth Corps to pass. May 4, took up the line of march at 6 a.m. ; crossed the Roanoke River; took the road to Saffold's Bridge; marched twenty-four miles, twenty-two of them being in Virginia, having crossed the State line at 7 a.m., the men cheering and bands playing. May 5, took up the line of march at 5. 30 a.m. ; crossed the Mushroom [Meherrin] River at Saffold's Bridge; ran into the First Division trains; took roads to flank them to make our usual march; crossed the Big Nottoway River and bivouacked at 6 p.m., having marched twenty-four miles. May 6, broke camp at 5 a.m., and took up the line of march at 7 a.m., having been detained two hours by the First Division trains; after marching two miles crossed the Little Nottoway at Cross' Bridge and took the road toward Blacks and Whites; crossed the Petersburg and Danville Railroad; instruct troops of the Sixth Corps, Army of the Potomac; marched fifteen miles and bivouacked for the night. May 7, broke camp at 6 a.m. ; marched in a northeasterly direction; crossed the Petersburg and Danville Railroad and took the post road toward the Appomattox River, which we crossed at 6. 30 p.m. and bivouacked for the night three miles from Clover Hill, having marched twenty-three miles. May 8, took up the line of march at 6 a.m., under orders to march to Falling Creek; took the post road and crossed Swift Creek and Falling Creek at 6. 30 p.m. ; bivouacked six miles from Manchester, having marched twenty-three miles. May 9, broke camp at 9 a.m. and pitched camp near Mrs. Jordan's house, five miles from Richmond. At this point received orders to prepare for review in passing through Richmond, the reviewing officer being Major-General Halleck.

May 11, took up the line of march at 5 a.m. ; passed through Manchester; crossed the James River; entered and passed through the city of Richmond in column of companies at a right shoulder shift arms, General Sherman refusing to have his troops reviewed by General Halleck, bivouacked five miles from Richmond. May 12, broke camp at 6 a.m. and took up the line of march at 7 a.m. and took the old Hanover Stage road and crossed the Chickahominy nine miles from Richmond and marched through the Chickahominy swamps for five miles; crossed Stony Creek and passed through the town of Ashland at 6 p.m., having marched thirteen miles; bivouacked for the night. May 13, broke camp at 6 a.m. ; took up the line of march; still in the Chickahominy swamps; crossed the South Anna and New Found Rivers; passed Foulk's Church, twenty-five miles from Fredericksburg; crossed Little River; marched for the day seventeen miles and bivouacked. May 14, broke camp and moved at 5 a.m. ; crossed the North Anna and passed through Chilesburg; crossed the two branches of the Mattapony River; bivouacked six miles from Spotsylvania Court-House, having marched twenty miles. May 15, marched at 5 a.m. ; crossed the Po and Ny Rivers, the two remaining branches of the Mattapony River; passed though Spotsylvania Court-House and through the Wilderness and over the battle-field of May, 1863; many of the bodies of our war comrades still lay upon the field of battle; crossed the Rappahannock at United States Ford, and bivouacked one mile from the ford, having marched twenty-five miles. May 16, broke camp at 4 a.m. and passed Hartwood Church; took a northeasterly direction; struck the Washington road and marched within five miles of Catlett's Station; marched twenty-two miles and bivouacked. May 17, took up the line of march at 5 a.m. ; marched to Brentsville, passing through the Jersey Settlement; reached Brentsville at 2 p.m. and halted for the day; marched seventeen miles. May 18, broke camp at 7. 30 a.m. ; took the road toward Fairfax Station; crossed Bull Run Creek and bivouacked for the night;

