
Numbers 184. Reports of Bvt. Major General William T. Ward, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations December 31, 1864-March 24, 1865, and April 10-June 11, 1865.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., April 5, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to present the following as my report of the operations of the Third Division, Twentieth Corps, during the recently closed campaign:

Upon the 30th day of December, 1864, I was directed by Brevet Major-General Williams, commanding Twentieth Army Corps, to cross my command into South Carolina at once by means of bridges which would be in readiness by the time I should need them. Accordingly I directed my brigade commanders to move at 6. 30 a.m. on the morning of the 31st of December, 1864, and moved with them across one channel of the Savannah River onto Hutchinson's Island, and after crossing which I found that from some cause the bridge was not completed, nor was it likely to be for several days. I at once caused search to be made for small boats, and after much labor in a chilling rain, and under the fire of the enemy's vedettes, I crossed a portion of my First Brigade, which quickly drove the enemy from the river. Not being able to cross the remainder of this brigade same night I recalled that portion already crossed and camped the brigade upon the island. Early next morning, by the most indefatigable labor, the entire First Brigade was crossed the river by means of three small boats, and moved immediately to the Cheves plantation, some six miles from crossing, the enemy falling back before it. The other brigades, the Second and Third, w ere allowed, on account of the severity of the weather, to return to their fine camp, which had been erected north of the city of Savannah. Upon the 2nd of January Colonel Dustin, commanding the Second brigade, crossed one regiment by boats, but the steamer Planter having been assigned to me for crossing my troops, the remainder of the division was this day crossed and camped at Screven's Ferry.

Two brigades, Second and Third, remained at Screven's Ferry till the 4th instant, when they were moved to Hardee's plantation to occupy rebel works there erected. Here the division remained until the 17th of January, erecting camps, drilling, and scouting the country as far as New River and Red Bluff. Upon the 17th marched to Hardeeville, S. C., over roads much obstructed by fallen timber. I halted two brigades here, and pushed one, Colonel Dustin's, forward to Purles farther up on the river, and old steam-boat landing. Remained here until the 29th of January, during which time rations are accumulated and some quartermaster's stores obtained. Reconnaissances sent from this place showed small forces of the enemy upon the Granville [Grahamsville] and Robertsville roads. Those parties uniformly fell back. Broke camp for Robertsville on the 29th, arriving there upon the 30th.

Marched for Lawtonville upon the 2nd of February, meeting the enemy about one mile from town, barricaded in a dense swamp, with artillery. I deployed two brigades, and pressing forward two regiments, One hundred and fifth and One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, and four companies Seventieth Indian, dislodged the enemy, losing 2 killed and 12 wounded; enemy's loss, 8 killed, 30 or 40 wounded. From this date to the 6th we moved over very heavy roads, which frequently required the work of an entire division to render them at all passable, reaching the Charleston and Augusta Railroad. This

