
we destroyed as far as White Pound, beginning at Graham's, in a most through manner. A large quantity of cotton was also destroyed. From this road we moved toward Columbia, reaching following points as below specified: 11th, reached South Fork of Edisto River at Guignard's Bridge. Here I built a bridge that having been burned by the enemy. 12th, crossed river, the men being obliged to wade in exceedingly cold water nearly or quite two-thirds of a mile; halted some three miles south of the North Branch of Edisto. 13th, 14th, 15th, and 16th marched, crossing the North Edisto, upon the Columbia road; crossed Congaree Creek two miles from Lexington and a projected railroad from Columbia to Augusta (work upon this had been abandoned upon the approach of our Army), encamping in plain sight of Columbia. During the 16th, my division being in advance, I had been ordered to proceed with great caution, since the enemy in large force was reported in my front. Upon pushing forward, however, I found my front uncovered by the advance of General Howard's column. February 17th, 18th, 19th, 20th, and 21st occupied in reaching Winnsborough. 18th, crossed Saluda at Hart's Ferry, covering crossing of the corps. 19th, relieved General Carlin's division of Fourteenth Corps on picket at Rockville. 20th, crossed Broad River in rear of the corps and pushed forward beyond Little River. 21st, reached Winnsborough and camped some three miles beyond. The roads during these four days were exceedingly bad, the rear of my division when with train being unable to reach camp before daylight of succeeding day, it being necessary to corduroy nearly the entire day's march. Reached the Catawba River on the 22nd, crossed the 23rd, and pushed forward toward Hanging Rock as far as Rocky Mount. (I respectfully invite attention to Colonel Dustin's report on the difficulty of crossing this river.) A heavy rain upon the 23rd and 24th and 25th detained us in camp. Reached Hanging Rock Post-Office on the 26th, having laid a continuous corduroy for the entire distance.

From this point the division marched with no especial incident other than the remarkable abundance of wretched roads to Chesterfield Court-House, arriving there upon the 3rd of March. Upon the 4th moved to Sneedsborough, N. C. ; halted two days, and upon the 6th marched to Cheraw, and on the morning of the 7th crossed the Great Pedee, camping near Laurel Hill, upon the Wilmington and Rockingham road. Upon the 8th and 9th pushed forward toward Lumber River over the worst roads met with. Reached Fayetteville upon the 11th; remained here one day, crossing the Cape Fear on the 13th; camped three miles on the Raleigh road. Upon the 15th reached Taylor's Hole Creek. Upon the 16th I was ordered to move forward, repairing the roads as usual, to the cross-roads, and was so doing when orders were received that as the enemy were hard pressing General Kilpatrick, I should at once move forward with two brigades. I directed Colonel Dustin (my leading brigade) to hurry forward, and also drew Brevet Brigadier-General Cogswell's brigade (the Third) off the train, directing Colonel Case to cover the entire train upon arriving at Smithville, some two miles distant. I massed my Second Brigade (Colonel Dustin's) upon the right of the Raleigh road, in rear of Colonel Hawley's brigade, of the First Division, my Third (Brevet Brigadier-General Cogswell's) upon the right of the Second, and my First (Colonel Case's, he having been ordered to leave train and push forward) upon the right of the Third. In this formation I moved forward until I developed the enemy's line. Under orders from Brevet Major-General Williams, commanding corps, I here moved my left brigade (the Second) across the road the relieve a portion of General Kilpatrick's command,

