
and posted it behind some woods and houses some 500 yards from the enemy's main line, which were in full sight. I further directed General Cogswell to move forward and relieve Colonel Hawley, which he at once rapidly and quickly effected, reliving his skirmish line also. Though engaged, I now directed Colonel Case to move with the First Brigade well around to the left and feel for the rebel flank, at the same time directing Colonel Dustin and General Cogswell to press the enemy in their front. I cannot speak too highly of the manner in which Colonel Case executed this movement.

While the attention of the enemy was fully occupied by the artillery and by the musketry fire of Colonel Dustin and General Cogswell, who were pressing them very closely, so much so that they wee obliged to reinforce their line, Colonel Case came sweeping down on their flank, his right striking just inside their works, and with a ringing shout, and ringing muskets too, he cleared their works at the same time Colonel Dustin was leaping them in front. The enemy fled in great confusion, leaving all their dead and wounded and 3 pieces of artillery, together with 100 prisoners, exclusive of some 68 wounded, in our hands.

I at once made disposition to cover my left flank and pressed forward into a second line, which was abandoned, in the following formation: First Brigade on the left, Third on the right, Second in reserve. Having made connection with General Jackson's division on the right, and being informed that General Morgan's was on my left, I again, in obedience to orders, moved forward. The nature of the ground precluded a rapid advance, it being very swampy and heavy. My line pressed steadily forward, driving the rebel line before it through the swamp and off a commanding ridge into works.the swamp, the troops upon my left not coming up, and receiving a full flank fire, I was obliged to order a halt, my line being within 100 yards of the rebel works. The loss was quite severe, as shown by accompanying list of casualties; out of abundant caution I withdrew my line some twenty or thirty yards and fortified, being so allowed to do by General Williams, commanding corps.

Upon the next morning, the 17th, the enemy having in the night evacuated, agreeable to orders I moved to Averasborough, holding Raleigh and Smithfield roads, up which the rebels had gone, to cover passage of trains and wounded by interior roads. At this place, and indeed along the road, I overtook quite a large number of the rebel wounded. At Averasborough I paroled thirty-two at one hospital. I learned from my scouts that the enemy's train was moving on the Smithfield road, only a mile before me; I requested permission to destroy these, but was not allowed. In this engagement I estimated that before my line there were buried, 100 dead; wounded, between 400 and 500, and captured 110 unhurt, besides 150 wounded. Upon the 18th crossed Black Creek, the men wading nearly waist deep; the great difficulty in getting the trains along occasioned much delay and it was past midnight when I encamped. Marched at 8 a.m. of the 19th; heard heavy cannonading all a.m. ; about 11 o'clock I was directed to hurry forward my command, and being so urged I came with my Second Brigade upon the double-quick and at once disposed this brigade to support the left, which as heavily threatened; upon the arrival of my Third Brigade it was massed upon the left of the main Smithfield road in hand to hurl it where most needed, and my First brigade disposed upon the extreme left and rear, being then threatened by the enemy's cavalry; about 4 p.m. I was informed by a staff officer from General Williams that my Third Brigade had been ordered away as a support to a division of General Davis' corps and sent Captain Beecher of my staff

