HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Fort Lincoln, D. C., June 11, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command since leaving Goldsborough, N. C.:

The division, in pursuance of orders from Twentieth Corps headquarters, marched from camp near Goldsborough, N. C., on the morning of the 10th of April toward Smithfield, camping eight miles from Goldsborough; distance, eleven miles. April 11, marched at 7 a.m., crossing Moccasin Creek Swamp and Boorden Creek, reaching Smithfield at 5 p.m. ; distance, fifteen miles. April 12, marched at 5 a.m., crossing Neuse River on pontoons, Swift Creek, and encamping on north side Swift Creek at 3. 30 p.m. ; distance, fifteen miles. About 4. 30 p.m. received orders to push forward to support General Kilpatrick's division of cavalry. The division having just started, the orders were countermanded, and division returned to same camp for the night. April 13, marched at 5. 30 a.m. ; reached Raleigh at 3 p.m., going into camp near the insane asylum. April 14, remained in camp, receiving orders to move at 5. 30 a.m. next morning. April 15, broke camp at 5. 30 a.m. ; Second Brigade moved some half a mile, when the order to march was countermanded. April 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, remained in camp. April 22, passed in review before Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, returning to old camps. April 23 and 24, remained in camp. April 25, marched at 5 a.m. toward Jones' Cross-Roads in southwest direction, encamping at 5. 30 p.m. three miles from the cross-roads; distance, twelve miles. April 26, and 27, remained in camp. April 28, marched at 6 a.m. back to old camps near Raleigh; distance, twelve miles. April 29, remained in camp preparing for our homeward march via Richmond, Va., and Washington, D. C. April 30, started at 7. 30 a.m. ; from this date the march was continued with perfect regularity, making from fifteen to twenty-two miles daily until May 8. The division encamped on east side of Falling Creek, seven miles from Richmond, Va. the division having marched during the last nine days 145 miles.

May 9, moved camp to within five miles of Richmond. May 10, remained in camp. May 11, marched at 10 a.m., crossing James River and passing through the city of Richmond and encamping five miles from the city on the Mechanicsville pike. May 12, resumed the homeward march, passing through the Chickahominy Swamps, the battle-fields of Spotsylvania Court-House and Chancellorsville, crossing the Rappahannock River at United States Ford, encamping, May 19, in permanent camp four miles from Alexandria, having marched during the last eight days-miles. May 20, 21, 22, and 23, remained in camp preparing for review. My 24, marched from camp at 7 a.m., crossing the Long Bridge over the Potomac and passing in review before the President of the United States, Lieutenant General U. S. Grant, commanding the Armies of the United States, and other high officials, going into permanent camp five miles from the city on the Bladensburg pike at Fort Lincoln, D. C., since which time the division has remained in the same camp, all busy in preparation for the final muster out and transfer of themselves and their men.

During the past week the whole of the First Brigade of my division, viz, One hundred and second Illinois, One hundred and fifth Illinois, One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois, Seventieth Indiana, [and] Seventy-ninth Ohio, and Nineteenth Michigan, of the Second Brigade, and the Thirty-third Massachusetts, of the Third Brigade, have been mustered out and returned to their respective States. The Seventy-third

