
and Fifty-fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteers and Thirty-third Indiana Veteran Volunteers have been transferred to the Fourteenth Corps. The other regiments of my division have their papers in a state of completion and by Friday next will be all mustered out.

In closing this my last report of this division I would respectfully call your attention to the fact of the good conduct of the officers and men during the march from Raleigh to this point. Habituated as they have been for the previous six months to foraging almost without limit on the country through which they have passed, no sooner had it been announced that the "war was over," that they were not still in an enemy's country, than they became the obedient and disciplined soldier, and to my knowledge no one case of outrage or disorderly conduct has been reported. My brigade commanders, Brevet Brigadier-Generals Harrison, Dustin, and Cogswell, have at all times done their full duty as officers and brave men.

To my staff officers I return the thanks due them for their efficient discharge of their respective duties and the prompt manner in which they have at all times and under every circumstance promulgated my wishes and orders, and among them I would especially mention Major William Grinsted, surgeon-in-chief; Captain F. C. Crawford, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain H. M. Scott, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain R. E. Beecher, assistant adjutant-general and assistant commissary of musters; Captain L. Y. Stuart, commissary of subsistence; Captain J. H. Burgess, ordnance officer; Captain J. F. Chipman, acting aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant S. K. Harryman, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant B. F. Coolidge, acting assistant quartermaster; First Lieutenant R. M. Tuttle, topographical engineer; First Lieutenant J. P. Thompson, provost-marshal; First Lieutenant W. S. Harbert, acting aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant William Hardenbrook, pioneer officer.

As a reward for their valuable services I desire that all who wish to be retained in the service with a promotion of one grade added to their present rank.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. WARD,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 185. Reports of Colonel Henry Case, One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations December 31, 1864-March 24, 1865, and April 10-19, 1865.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 27, 1865.

In obedience to circular from division headquarters under date of March 25, 1865, I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the 31st of December, 1864, I assumed command of this brigade, and on the same day the brigade broke camp at Savannah under orders to cross the river and enter South Carolina, but owing to the scarcity of boats and barges, and especially to the severity of the wind, I was unable to cross the river with my brigade until the next day.

