
The rear of my command reached the South Carolina shore just before sundown the 1st of January, 1865. When we commenced crossing rebel scouts and vedettes on the left bank of the river annoyed us with their fire, killing one corporal and wounding one private. As soon as the ear of the brigade has crossed I immediately pushed out about six miles into the interior and arrived at the residence of Doctor Cheves about 9 p.m., the rebel scouts and vedettes retiring as I advanced. Here I camped for the night and remained until January 4, when I advanced my skirmish line and pushed out with my brigade on mile farther, and took possession of the rebel works on the Hardee plantation, the rebel scouts still retiring. From January 1 to the 4th reconnoitering parties sent out by me had frequent skirmishes with the enemy. I remained in these rebel works until January 7, when the division (the Second and Third Brigades having joined us at Fort Hardee January --) broke camp and arrived at Hardeeville about 2 p.m. same day, where we remained until January 29, when we began our march toward Robertsville, where we arrived January 30 and went into camp at 12 m.

Here we remained until February 2 (having in the meantime procured ten days' additional supply of rations from Sister's Ferry), when we resumed our march toward Lawtonville. On that day this brigade marched at the head of the column. About 2. 30 p.m. we encountered about 500 of the rebel cavalry deployed in a very thick swamp three-quarters of a mile from Lawtonville. The One hundred and fifth Illinois of my command were immediately deployed as skirmishers, but as this was not found sufficient to dislodge the enemy from their barricades I immediately ordered the One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois to move forward on the skirmish line and deploy on the left of the One hundred and fifth until my skirmish line both on the right and left flanks overlapped the skirmish line of the enemy. I then ordered the right and left of the skirmishers to swing around, resting on the center as a fixed pivot. By this movement I speedily flanked the skirmish line of the enemy and forced them to retire from their position. I then ordered forward the whole line and drove the enemy through the town of Lawtonville. The One hundred and fifth and One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois entered the town about one hour and half before sundown, but were subsequently ordered back to join the brigade, w hen it wen into camp for the night. I this skirmish I lost 1 killed and 12 wounded, but inflicted a severer loss on the enemy.

The next morning we took up the line of march and arrived and the following position at the time herein specified: At Allendale, February 4; crossed the Big Salkehatchie February 6 and the Little Salkehatchie on the 7th; struck the South Carolina Railroad between Graham's and Hamburg [Bamberg] the same day at dark. Reached Blackville on the 9th and Williston on the 10th, having destroyed four miles of the above railroad. Crossed the South Fork of the Edisto at Davis' Mill on the 12th and the North Fork on the 13th. Reached the Two-Notch road, near Lexington, on the 15th, and camped about two miles from Columbia at noon on the 16th. Crossed the Saluda River on the 18th and Broad River on the 20th. Reached Winnsborough on the 21st. Crossed Catawba River on the 22nd at Rocky Mount. Reached Hanging Rock on the 26th. Crossed Lynch's Creek March 1. Arrived at Chesterfield on the 3rd, and near Sneedsborough on the 4th. Crossed the Great Pedee at Cheraw on the 6th and Lumber River on the 10th, and reached Fayetteville on the 11th instant, and crossed Cape Fear River on the 13th. On the 16th two divisions of

