
the Twentieth Corps (the First and Third), and two divisions of the Fourteenth Army Corps while on the march encountered the enemy about four miles south of Averasborough, strongly intrenched in two lines of works running perpendicularly across the Raleigh road, under command of General Hardee. Our division was deployed in line of battle in front of the works, this brigade being deployed on the right of the division in two lines. Just as I was advancing my lines I received orders from Brevet Major-General Williams to move my brigade toward our left, to find the right flank of the enemy and attack. I immediately moved my brigade in rear of the Third and Second Brigades of this division in a diagonal direction toward the right of the enemy's works, and when I supposed I had advanced far enough in that direction, I halted and deployed my brigade as follows, facing, as I supposed, the right flank of the enemy. Having only four regiments with me, the Seventieth Indiana being in the rear guarding train, I formed the One hundred and second Illinois and Seventy-ninth Ohio in line of battle, the One hundred and second on the right and the Seventy-ninth on the left, and placed the One hundred and second Illinois and Seventy-ninth Ohio, at the same time throwing forward one wing of each of the regiments in the second line as skirmishers, and also one company on each of my flanks as flankers, at least 150 yards from the right and left of my line of battle. This disposition being made, I ordered the brigade forward, but soon found from the sound of the enemy's artillery that I was not yet far enough to the rear of the enemy's line; hence I move my whole command, skirmishers, &amp;c., by the left flank about 500 yards still farther to the left, and then resumed my advance toward the enemy, but soon encountered a swamp tangled with thick undergrowth, which greatly impeded our progress. As we pressed forward we encountered a skirmish line of the enemy ion the interior edge of the swamp, found ourselves in a ravine. I immediately advanced to reconnoiter and found that my brigade was exactly on the right flank of the enemy, my line of battle being perpendicular to their works, about 300 yards from the right of their line, and that by advancing forward the right of my brigade would strike the right of their works. I immediately hastened back to the brigade, ordered the One hundred and fifty Illinois to deploy rapidly and throw itself into line on the left of the Seventy-ninth Ohio, and then ordered a charge upon the enemy at the double-quick. The men sprang forward with alacrity, with a deafening yell, and the moment they emerged from the thicket in sight of the enemy they joined in a destructive fire upon their ranks at a distance of not more than 150 yards. So sudden and so desperate was the charge that the enemy, completely taken by surprise, fled precipitately in the utmost confusion, not even rallying for a moment until they reached the second line of their works.

At the time of the charge I was not aware of the position of the Second and Third Brigades of this division, but subsequently found that this brigades had charged perpendicularly across the front of the Second Brigade, this last brigade being at the time in line of battle, engaging the enemy in front of their works. As soon as the enemy thus gave on their right all their forces retired to the second line of works without further struggle.

