
For a nominal list of all casualties I would refer to the accompanying regimental reports.

In addition to the foregoing captures, a forage party from the One hundred and second Illinois found and captured in a swamp near Camden, S. C., several safes containing at least a portion of the assets of the Bank of South Carolina and the Bank of Camden, and also a quantity of jewelry and silver plate, as I am reliably informed, the value of which, however, I cannot state, as the safes were delivered unopened into the possession of the provost-marshal of the Twentieth Corps.

In conclusion, I would call the attention of the commanding general to the fact that during all this laborious and exhausting campaign the men of my command, although oftentimes hungry and very indifferently clad, very many of them, indeed, having been destitute of both shoes and stocking, have nevertheless cheerfully responded in discharging all the duties imposed upon them, and whenever called on to face the enemy both officers and men have uniformly displayed the sterling qualities of the true soldier.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

H. CASE,

Colonel 129th Ill. Vol. Infty., Commanding 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Corps.

Captain JOHN SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. -In the above report I omitted the following: Cotton destroyed, 2,500 bales; cotton gins destroyed, 70; railroad destroyed, 4 miles.

For other particular items of interest I would respectfully refer to the accompanying reports of the regimental commanders.

H. CASE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS 129TH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY,Fort Lincoln, D. C., May 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with an order from division headquarters, under date of May 26, 1865, addressed to Brevet Brigadier-General Harrison, commanding First Brigade of said division, and by him referred to me, calling for a report of the operations of said brigade since leaving Goldsborough, N. C., I have the honor to make the following report:

Said brigade left Goldsborough on the 10th ultimo, at which time I was in command thereof. The brigade had remained in camp at Goldsborough from the 25th of March. On the said 10th day of April the Left Wing of Sherman's army took up their line of march for General Johnston's army in the direction of Raleigh. On the next day, the 11th, the Second Division of the Twentieth Army Corps, having the advance with their train, my brigade was ordered to pass said train as rapidly as possible. The train was moving very fast, the day was very hot and sultry, and hence before I could pass the train at least one-half the brigade had become melted and exhausted by the heat. The brigade, however, reached Smithfield that day about 4 p.m. and Raleigh on the 13th ultimo about 3 p.m., having marched fifty-six miles from Goldsborough.

