
As the army advanced General Johnston fell back with his army through Raleigh, in the direction of Greensborough. The brigade went into camp on the said 13th at Raleigh, and there remained until I was relieved by Brevet Brigadier-General Harrison on the 19th of April.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. CASE,

Colonel, Commanding 129th Illinois Volunteers,

Formerly Commanding First Brigadier, Third Div., Twentieth Army Corps.

Captain F. C. CRAWFORD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 186. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General Benjamin Harrison, Seventieth Indiana Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations April 19-May 30.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Near Washington, D. C., May 31, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I herewith transmit to you the report of Colonel Henry Case of the operations of this brigade from 10th of April, when the command left Goldsborough, to the 19th same month, when I resumed command. * I have also the honor to submit the following report of the movements of the brigade from April 19, 1865, to the present time:

From the 19th of April to the 25th the brigade remained in camp at Raleigh, the time being spent in refitting and in the ordinary routine of camp duties. On the 25th of April, the negotiations with the rebel leaders having failed, the army was again put in motion toward the enemy. This brigade broke camp at 7. 30 a.m., and marched fifteen miles west of south to Jones' Cross-Roads, w here we encamped. The army having been put upon half rations before leaving Raleigh, foraging was again resumed, and though the country was poor, sufficient forage and subsistence was procured for the men and public animals. The command remained at the cross-roads until the 28th of April, when it was again moved back to Raleigh and put in its old camp. On the 30th day of April the whole army took up the line of march for Richmond, Va., and Washington, D. C. Orders received before starting contemplated that this march was to be conducted with a view to the comfort of the troops, and suggested fifteen miles per day as the limit, unless circumstances should require a longer march. Orders also required all foraging fro the country to cease and prohibited soldiers from entering private houses on any pretense. The march was not made as easy or comfortable to the troops as the order contemplated, the average march per day being above the limit suggested, and on some days so far exceeding it that the troops were very much worried and exhausted, extending on one or two days to twenty-three and twenty-five miles. On the part of the troops the orders were faithfully observed; it was really surprising to see an army so long accustomed to living off the country and to the irregularities necessarily resulting at once resume their habits of order and good discipline, and is highly creditable to the Army. Only one or two slight cases of thieving came to my knowledge during the whole march.

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

