
On the 9th of May the brigade went into camp about six miles from Richmond, Va., where we remained until the 11th, when we again moved, passing through Manchester and Richmond, and went into camp about four miles from the latter place. The command moved through the cities in column, with music playing, and in good review order. In passing through Manchester we were very handsomely received by General Devens, who had his division of the Twenty-fourth ARMY Corps prepared at open order on the left of the line of march and saluted each brigade as it passed. On the morning of the 12th we again took up the line of march for Alexandria, Va., and renewed orders having been received to make the march easy, and not, except in case of absolute necessity, to exceed fifteen miles per day, it was conducted with much greater comfort to the men on the entire route to this place. On the 19th of May we reached our camp near Alexandria (Cloud's Mills), and went into camp. Preparations were at once begun for the grand review by the President, ordered for the 24th instant, and the same difficulty was experienced in getting the needed supplies. The troops are at last pretty well equipped for the review. On the 24th, at sunrise, the brigade broke camp, loading knapsacks and haversacks into the train, and marched toward Long Bridge, where we rested until the way was clear for crossing. Crossing the bridge, the command was formed in column of companies and moved in review up Pennsylvania avenue, and passed the President's stand near the White House.

The review was creditable to the troops and gave to those who had never seen Sherman's army a new and unexpected view. They had looked for any army of "bummers," wild, undisciplined, and unskilled in the precision of military movements. They saw, instead, an army that could be "bummers" par excellence when necessity required, and when that necessity was removed could at once exhibit a subordination and a precision in drill and movement excelled by no other Army.

After passing in review this brigade was marched to its present camp, about four miles from Washington, on the Bladensburg road, and about one mile from the latter place.

I have to report the loss of 1 officer and 1 enlisted man on the march from Richmond. On the morning of May 18, when the brigade left tits camp on the battle-ground of Chancellorsville, Lieutenant Snyder, adjutant One hundred and second Illinois Volunteers, accompanied by one mounted orderly, left the column by permission of Colonel Smith, commanding his regiment, to look over the battle-ground and rejoin the column before crossing the Rappahannock. Since that time nothing has been heard from the, and it is feared that they were killed by some guerillas. He was a good and had rendered faithful service to this country.

In making this closing report of my brigade I beg leave to suggest that the service of some of my regimental and staff officers deserve recognition at the hands of the War Department, and I therefor recommend and respectfully urge upon the Department that the following-named officers receive a brevet one grade above their present rank: First, Lieutenant Colonel A. W. Doan, Seventy-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry; second, Lieutenant Colonel E. F. Dutton, One hundred and fifth Illinois Volunteer Infantry; third, Lieutenant Colonel Samuel Merrill, Seventieth Indiana Volunteer Infantry; fourth, Captain Samuel T. Walkley, One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general; fifth, First Lieutenant Alfred H. Trego, One hundred and second Illinois Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general; sixth, First Lieutenant

