
George W. Gilchrist, One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, aide-de-camp; seventh, Major A. W. Reagan, surgeon, Seventieth Indiana Volunteers, brigade surgeon.

BENJA. HARRISON,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Commanding 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Corps.

Captain CRAWFORD,

Actg. Asst. Adjutant-General, Third Division, Twentieth Corps.

Numbers 187. Report of Major Hiland H. Clay, One hundred and second Illinois Infantry, of operations December 31, 1864-March 24, 1865.

the regiment broke up camp at Savannah, December 31, 1864, and crossed the south channel of the river to Hutchinson's Island; remained most of the day endeavoring to get boats to take us to the South Carolina side; failing in this, we returned to the city and were taken around the next day in transports. In the operation had one man wounded.

After dark, January 1, marched to Cheves' farm; remained there a day or two and moved thence to Hardee's plantation; left Hardee's farm January 17 and reached Hardeeville the same day. Moved from Hardeeville January 29, and on the following day arrived at Robertsville.

Abandoned communication at this place February 2, and moved in the direction of Lawtonville. Found the enemy strongly posted near the village in a swamp; a lively skirmish took place before they were driven from their position. During the affair the regiment suffered a loss of 1 man killed and 2 wounded; once of the wounded has since died. The following morning resumed the march in the direction of the Charleston and Augusta Railroad, which we struck a Graham's Station February 8. The regiment assisted in destroying the railroad from Graham's to Williston, and reached the latter place February 10; from Williston moved in the direction of Columbia; took the Lancaster road; halted two miles from Columbia. From this point marched up the river; crossed Saluda and Broad Rivers and reached Winnsborough February 21; crossed the Catawba River at Rocky Mount February 23. From the time we left Lawtonville until we reached the Catawba the regiment had only suffered a loss of one man, who was captured while foraging. From Rocky Mount marched in the direction of Hanging Rock and Cheraw. Near the former place on the 27th of the month Captain G. W. Woolly, of Company F, commanding a detachment of foragers, encountered Wheeler's cavalry at Buck's Bridge. A skirmish ensued, but the large force of the enemy rendered it necessary for the detachment to retire, which they did witmen captured.

Privates Jesse McQuade and Charles E. Hartsell while foraging February 28 discovered a number of wagons secreted int he woods, and while advancing to capture them were fired upon and both wounded. The property was guarded by citizens, two of whom fled immediately after firing. The others were captured. The captured property proved to be of considerable value, as the wagons contained the money safes of two bankers from Camden, also a large amount of clothing, &amp;c. Eleven mules were taken with the other property, all of which was turned in at corps headquarters.

Near Cheraw, March 7, the regimental foragers, under command of Lieutenant T. G. Brown, encountered a superior force of the enemy. A sharp fight took place. The enemy were repulsed, two of their number

