
were left dead upon the field, and it is believed that others who escaped were wounded. Our loss in the fight was 1 man wounded and 3 captured.

The regiment crossed the Great Pedee River at Cheraw, and reached Fayetteville, N. C., March 11. Crossed Cape Fear River on the 13th. On the 14th was ordered to report to Brigadier-General Cogswell, and accompanied the Third Brigade on a reconnaissance. At Silver Creek found the enemy strongly posted behind substantial works. After skirmishing about two hours the regiment was withdrawn and returned to camp. The march was resumed on the following day in the direction of Raleigh. On the 16th he enemy were found in force near Averasborough. The regiment went into action at 10 a.m., and was under a galling fire much of the time until night. In concert with other regiments of the brigade we charged the rebel works shortly after the battle commenced. The enemy being outflanked and taken by surprise were driven in disorder from their works, leaving three pieces of artillery, many small-arms, and a large number of prisoners. A second advance was made under a heavy fire of musketry and artillery. The regiment advanced to a position about 100 yards from the rebel line, then fell back twenty-five yards and threw up works. During the night the rebels fell back, and the next morning we advanced to Averasborough. Our loss during the day was 2 killed and 17 wounded.

During the battle of the 19th we moved up the front and built works on the left of the brigade, but did not participate in the engagement. Near this place we had one man mortally wounded. From the vicinity of the battle-ground of the 19th of March we moved through Goldsborough to our present encampment, which was reached on the 24th of March. The same day a small squad of our foragers were attacked one mile and a half from camp and driven in. One was mortally wounded and left on the ground. Two others were captured.

During the campaign the regiment destroyed tow miles of railroad. Suppose we captured about fifty horses and mules. No cattle were taken up by our foragers. Burned 40 cotton gins and at least 2,000 bales of cotton. Thirty negroes are known to have followed the regiment into camp. Thirty negroes are known to have followed the regiment into camp. Collected 18,000 rations during the raid.

The following is a list of the casualties that occurred during the campaign. *

Respectfully submitted.

H. H. CLAY,

Major One hundred and second Illinois.

Numbers 188. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Everell F. Dutton, One hundred and fifth Illinois Infantry, of operations December 31, 1864-March 24, 1865.
HDQRS. 105TH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

The following is respectfully submitted as a report of the part taken by my command in the campaign of South and North Carolina:

In compliance with orders received on 26th December last (soon after the occupation of Savannah by the Army) my command made its preparations

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 enlisted men killed, 3 commissioned officers and 22 enlisted men wounded (of whom 16 have since died), 4 enlisted men missing, and 9 enlisted men captured.

---------------

