
for another campaign, and on the 31st moved out from the city, crossing Savannah River directly opposite that place. Before reaching the South Carolina side a second channel of the river had to be crossed. While prosecuting arrangements for crossing a party of the enemy fired into my regiment from the opposite side, killing one man of Company A.

On the 1st of January, 1865, my regiment, with the other regiments of the First Brigade, effected a crossing with small boats and moved some five miles to Doctor Cheves' plantation in South Carolina, where we camped. The balance of the division soon followed. With the exception of several minor changes of camp, we remained quiet in this vicinity until 17th of January, 1865, when the entire division moved forward and occupied Hardeeville. Owing to excessive rains no movement was made from Hardeeville until the 29th, w hen the march was continued. On the 30th reached Robertsville, where, coming up with First Division of our corps, laid over until 2nd of February, when the First and Third Divisions moved forward, my regiment in advance of the column. At 2 o'clock, while the column was approaching the town of Lawtonville, the advance was suddenly fired into by a strong force of Wheeler's cavalry. My regiment was immediately deployed as skirmishers on the right and left of the road and advanced close up to the enemy's main force, when a brisk skirmish occurred, during which eight of my men were wounded. As soon as additional skirmishers and proper support was afforded, an advance was ordered and the enemy driven back through the town.

My command crossed Combahee River on 6th of February, striking the Charleston and Augusta Railroad near Graham's Turnout on the 17th. Engaged in destroying railroad on the 8th, 9th, and 10th, passing through Graham's Post-Office, Blackville, and Williston. Left the railroad on the 11th and crossed South Edisto River on the 11th and North Edisto on the 13th. Arrived within sight of Columbia on the 16th, but leaving that place on our right our corps crossed Saluda River some eight miles above on the 18th. Crossed Broad River on the 20th; passed through Winnsborough on the 21st. On the 22nd, while acting as advance guard of the column, my regiment encountered a squad of Butler's (rebel) cavalry near Wateree River. Companies B, D, and F were deployed across the road and the enemy driven off without loss. Crossed Wateree River on the night of the 22nd of February.

Reached Chesterfield on the 3rd of March. Passed through Cheraw and crossed Great Pedee River on the 7th, crossing the North Carolina line at about 1 p.m. Crossed Lumber River on the 10th and arrived near the city and crossed Cape Fear River on the 13th. On the 16th our forces encountered a strong force of the enemy within a few miles of Averasborough, where a spirited engagement took place. The First Brigade was deployed on the left of the forces engaged, with the left wing of my regiment deployed as skirmishers, under Captain Forsyth, in front of and the right wing in column in rear of the left of the brigade. An advance was immediately made, under heavy skirmish fire, for about 500 yards to the enemy's works, when a charge was ordered; at the same time the right wing of my regiment was ordered to the extreme left and forward to protect that flank and strengthen the skirmish line. It move forward to the left with rapidity, and by so doing cut off from retreat and captured a 12-pounder Napoleon gun, which I assisted Major Reynolds, chief of artillery, Twentieth Army

