
Corps, with some of my men, in turning on the enemy and giving them half a dozen shots in their retreating ranks. Here we halted till other troops ere brought to connect with our left, when we were again advanced, my regiment moving in second line; moved forward about three quarters of a mile, when we came to the enemy behind works. Here we remained under a heavy fire of the enemy's small-arms and cannon for about four hours, when night came on and we bivouacked within 150 yards of his works. The casualties in my regiment were 4 killed and 13 wounded, &amp;c. During the night the enemy retreated and on the 17th our division moved on to Averasborough. On the 19th our troops became engaged with the main forces of the enemy near Neuse River. Our brigade coming up in the afternoon was assigned to a position on the left of the main line, when strong works were thrown up. On the 20th our brigade and division took a position farther to the left and front and threw up another line of works. On the 21st my regiment formed a part of a reconnoitering party, which moved about three-quarters of a mile in front of our works, feeling of the enemy's position. But the enemy retreated during the following night and our forces moved on for Goldsborough, crossing Neuse River near Crox's Bridge on the 23rd and arriving at Goldsborough before noon on the 24th instant.

My regiment destroyed about one mile of railroad in South Carolina. Subsisted mainly off the country. The amount of forage collected and consume dis estimated at 30,000 pounds meat; 20,000 pounds flour and meal, together with a great amount of potatoes, molasses, sugar, salt, and minor articles. One hundred and sixty thousand pounds of cotton are estimated to have been destroyed by my command, also a large number of cotton gins. Eighteen mules and 17 horses were captured and turned over to the quartermaster.

The number of casualties during the time embraced in this report are: Killed, 5; wounded, 20; missing, supposed to have been captured, 7; total, 32.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. F. DUTTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 105th Illinois Infantry.

Lieutenant A. H. TREGO,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 189. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas H. Flynn, One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry, of operations January 1-March 24.
HDQRS. 129TH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders I have the honor to submitting the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the campaign from Savannah, Ga., to this point:

We left Savannah on January 1 and arrived at this place on the 24th of March, taking a period of eighty-three days, during which time we subsisted by foraging upon the country with the exception of forty-seven days' rations furnished us by the commissary. As to the amount of supplies drawn from the country I can only say that we suffered for the nothing. We have captured and sent to your headquarters 2 captains, 1 chaplain, and 11 enlisted men; have torn up about 1 mile of railroad;

