
have captured 28 horses and 46 mules, of which 2 horses and 17 mules have already been turned over and the balance now remain in my care. As to the number of cotton gins and bales of cotton destroyed I have none to report, as I was prohibited from so doing except by orders, and received no orders allowing it. No negroes have followed my regiment.

The number of casualties during the campaign is as follows*: Killed, 2; dead, 1; wounded, 18; captured and missing, 9; aggregate, 30.

I estimate the whole distance traveled at about 490 miles.

Respectfully submitted.

T. H. FLYNN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant A. H. TREGO,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS 129TH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Raleigh, N. C., April 16, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In the latter part of March last I was called on to make a report of the part taken by this regiment in the campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C. Under a misconstruction of the said order I made no report as to any actions in which this regiment participated during that campaign, and incidentally learning since that it was expected of me, and that the report them made has been forwarded beyond your headquarters, I would respectfully beg leave to report as follows on that matter:

On the morning of the 2nd of February the column started from Robertsville, S. C., the First Brigade in the lead. Arriving within about three miles of Lawtonville, skirmishing with the enemy began. The brigade was deployed in two lines of battle, and after advancing a short distance this regiment was thrown forward as skirmishers to connect on the left of the One hundred and fifth Illinois, already engaged. Two companies, A and F, were deployed as skirmishers, and two companies, G and G, as flankers, under command of Captain C. N. Baird, Company E, acting major, the balance of the regiment being held in reserve. The line was now ordered to advance with this regiment as the battalion of direction and to press forward and enter the town. To do this a change of direction to the right was necessary. After advancing and driving the enemy about half a mile it was found necessary to extend the line to the left in order to cover the front of the enemy. This was done by throwing forward the two companies which had been used a flankers. The line now pressed forward, driving the rebels into and through the town, beyond which our line was established before night. Although during the skirmish the fire from the enemy was at time pretty rapid, this regiment had none killed and but one wounderther progress of the campaign we were not again engaged until the morning of the 16th of March, near Averasborough, N. C. When this brigade arrived on the ground on this occasion the Second Brigade and other troops were actively engaged in skirmishing with the enemy, who were fighting from behind their works. This brigade was formed in two lines, with my regiment on the right of the second line and in rear of the One hundred and second Illinois, in which formation it moved to the left of the line of battle by the rear of the Second Brigade. I was then ordered to deploy one wing of my regiment

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

