
as skirmishers (of which I took command myself) and to cover the front of the One hundred and second Illinois, while one wing of the One hundred and fifth Illinois was in like manner to cover the front of the Seventy-ninth Ohio.

A complete change of direction was now made to the right and in a few minutes we arrived in view of the rebel works in an open field, this brigade resting immediately against the enemy's right flank. During this advance Company A, of my regiment, was thorn forward to make the connection with the line of the Second Brigade. The advantage of our position being discovered the order was immediately given to advance, which was done on the double-quick, the enemy fleeing in great confusion. This brigade first entered the rebel works, capturing many prisoners and three pieces of artillery, over one of which Captain Baird, commanding the right wing of my regiment, placed a guard. The ground was thickly strewn with the enemy's dead and wounded. The prisoners were so numerous that they were simply ordered to the rear without a guard. After pressing the enemy some 400 or 500 yards to the rear of their works I ordered a halt for the purpose of reforming my lines. Company A was no ordered back to its place in the right wing. According to your order the right wing of my regiment was now sent to the left of the line to prepare for an anticipated counter-attack of the enemy. After resting about half an hour the right wing, by your order, resumed its place in rear of the One hundred and second, and again the line advanced, pressing the enemy rapidly back into his second line about half a mile to the rear. After commencing this advance I found that there were no skirmishers on my left and I had to extend my intervals so as to cover the front; also the Seventy-ninth Ohio. We proceeded in this manner to within 150 yards of the rebel works, when the skirmishers of the Fourteenth Corps made connection with me on my left. Here we skirmished heavily all the afternoon, occasionally advancing our lines a little until we arrived within less than 100 yards of their earth-works. During the night the enemy left. In this engagement our loss was 2 enlisted men killed and 17 enlisted men wounded, two of whom have since died. Throughout this engagement and the skirmish at Lawtonville, on the 2nd of February, both officers and men of my regiment acquitted themselves to my entire satisfaction. In the battle from the 19th to the 21st of march inclusive, my regiment was present, but not engaged. On the 20th of March it was twice sent forward to reconnoiter on the enemy's right, advancing a distance of about one mile and a half, but meeting with no serious opposition. We then resumed our position on the left of the general line.

In addition to the above I beg leave to report that on the 14th of March the forages of my regiment crossed the Cape Fear River at Fayetteville in advance of the general column. after proceeding about two miles they commenced skirmishing with the enemy and drove them about two miles and a half, taking possession of a mill which the enemy were endeavoring to hold and use. There they found in the mill-pond a brass 6-pounder gun, named the "Star of the West," and supposed to have been captured with the U. S. steamer of that name. The gun was duly forwarded to your headquarters.

Respectfully submitted.

T. H. FLYNN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant A. H. TREGO,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

