
March 23. -Marched within six miles of Goldsborough; distance marched, eight miles.

March 24. -Crossed Neuse River and encamped on north side of New Berne Railroad.

March 25. -Threw up works and established camp.

March 26 to 31. -In camp at Goldsborough, N. C.

Number of miles marched during the month, 197.

April 1. -Division in camp at Goldsborough, N. C.

April 10. -Broke camp at 7. 30 a. m., marching on Snow Hill road seven miles, then on road leading to Pikeville; crossed Weldon and Wilmington Railroad and went into camp at 6 p. m. at Nahunta Church, three miles from Pikeville, on road leading to Whitley's Mill; distance marched, sixteen miles.

April 11. -Broke camp at 7 a. m. ; marched five miles on Pikeville and Whitley's Mill road; thence to the right on Lowell road; crossed Little River and encamped at dark at Lowell Factory; distance marched, twelve miles.

April 12. -Broke camp at 8. 30 a. m. ; marched three miles on Smithville road; thence to the right on Raleigh road; encamped near Pineville at 6 p. m. ; marched fourteen miles.

April 13. -Marched at 10. 30 a. m., taking the Oxford road until striking the Raleigh road; went into camp at 5. 30 p. m. near Hinton's Bridge, on Neuse River; distance marched, sixteen miles.

April 14. -Broke camp at 9 a. m. ; crossed Neuse River and marched through Raleigh. General Sherman reviewed the division while passing through the city. Went into camp four miles northeast of the city at 5 p. m. ; distance marched, twelve miles.

Remained in camp until the 18th, when the division was moved within one mile of the city to the north.

Remained in camp until the 29th, when the division broke camp at 10 a. m. ; crossed Neuse River and went into camp; marched eleven miles and a half.

April 30. -In camp; troops mustered for pay.

Number of miles marched during the moth, about eighty-one and a half.

June 2. -Left Washington, D. C., for Louisville, Ky.

June 7. -Arrived at Louisville and went into camp four miles from the city, where we remained until the 25th, during which time the command was paid off.

June 26. -Embarked in transports for Little Rock, Ark.

First Brigade, Second Division.

February 1. -The command marched from Pocotaligo Station, S. C.

February 2. -Reached Duck Branch at noon and skirmished with the enemy the entire afternoon, routing him.

February 7. -Struck the South Carolina Railroad at Bamberg; erected temporary works and assisted in the destruction of the road at that point.

February 9. -Came up with the enemy about noon, driving him across the South Edisto River. Were delayed some time in crossing the North Edisto River, but succeeded in doing so by a flank movement to the right, the command wading the swamp waist-deep. Rebels retreated.

February 16. -Skirmished with the enemy the entire day; crossed the Saluda and Broad Rivers four miles above Columbia.

