
Numbers 190. Report of Major Zachariah S. Ragan, Seventieth Indiana Infantry, of operations January 27-March 24.
HDQRS. SEVENTIETH INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 26, 1865.

I have the honor to make the following report relating to the recent march from Savannah, Ga., to this place to date:

The regiment destroyed about 1 mile of railroad track, captured 19 horses, 26 mules, and about 50 head of cattle. Destroyed no cotton gins or cotton. About fifty negroes followed the regiment.

Obtained from the country through which we passed forage for 75 horses and mules; supplies or rations for 510 officers and men for about forty-two days during the march.

Casualties. *

Z. S. RAGAN,

Major Seventieth Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant A. H. TREGO,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 191. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Azariah W. Doan, Seventy-ninth Ohio Infantry, of operations January 18-March 24.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTY-NINTH OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 26, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular emanating from brigade headquarters, bearing date March 25, 1865, calling for information touching the campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C., I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the 18th day of January the Seventy-ninth Regiment, then stationed in the city of Savannah, Ga., broke up camp, crossing the Savannah river on pontoons, marching up the east bank of the river to Hardeeville same day (distance, twenty miles), at the latter place joining the brigade, it having moved from Savannah some days previously. From this point we marched January 29 with the brigade, thereafter at all times moving with the brigade. All the stirring scenes, hardships, and privations in which we participated is but a part of the history of the First Brigade. Nevertheless, it is not, perhaps, out of place here to state that we had but two encounters with the enemy, one at Lawtonville, S. C., February 2, 1865. In this affair none of the Seventy-ninth was directly engaged, except a few of Company K sharpshooters, the enemy retreating as the attacking column advanced, of which column the Seventy-ninth composed a part, being assigned to the extreme left of the brigade. The second was of a more serious character, occurring at Smithville, N. C., on the 16th day of March, where the enemy had assembled in force on the road with infantry and artillery behind earth-works of some importance; from this position he had to be dislodged. The Third Division, being in advance, was at once formed in line of battle, the First Brigade on the left of the division and the left of

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 enlisted men wounded, 2 enlisted men missing and 20 enlisted men captured.

---------------

