
Numbers 192. Reports of Bvt. Brigadier General Daniel Dustin, One hundred and fifth Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations December 31, 1864-March 24, 1865, and April 10-May 28, 1865.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Brigade, Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, from the time of leaving Savannah to date:

On the 31st day of December, 1864, the brigade, under orders received the evening before, broke camp at Savannah just as it had completed a most excellent encampment, for the purpose of crossing over to the south side of the Savannah River. Crossing over the first channel to Hutchinson's Island, it was found that little or no progress had been made toward bridging the second channel. The day was excessively uncomfortable, a cold rain was falling, and the troops who had not yet been reclothed since the last campaign, suffered much. At 5 p. m. the brigade was ordered back to its old encampment, where it remained until the next day, January 1, at 3 p. m., when it again crossed over to Hutchinson's Island, reaching the second channel about dark, under orders to cross the troops as rapidly as possible in small boats. Only a few boats of inconsiderable size and one scow were found, and with these Lieutenant-Colonel Baker, commanding Nineteenth Michigan, which was in advance went to work with great energy. Soon after notice was received that the steamer Planter would report to transport the brigade across the river. Such was Colonel Baker's energy, however, that he had crossed very nearly his entire regiment in the small boats. The other three regiments were transported by the steamer to Screven's Ferry Landing.

Early on the morning of the 2nd of January the troops went into temporary camp on the bank of the river opposite Savannah. The day was occupied in crossing the transportation and baggage of the brigade in scows. Here the brigade remained, nothing of incident transpiring, until the 4th of January, when it moved about seven miles north to Hardee's plantation. Here another very fine encampment was made. During a great part of the time spent here the brigade was commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Crane, Eighty-fifth Indiana, the undersigned being on detached duty in the city. While here a large amount of work was done on the road leading to the river, this brigade furnishing daily details of from 60 to 100 men. The brigade remained here in camp drilling and perfecting their quarters, until January 17, when it, with the division, moved to Hardeeville, division headquarters; and the other two brigades of the division halting there, this brigade moved on to Purysburg, three miles northwest of Hardeeville. Purysburg is an old steam-boat landing on the Savannah River, about twenty-five miles above Savannah. The river at this time was very high and rapidly rising. During the ensuing night the camps of the brigade were partially inundated, and two of the regiments were obliged to move. January 18, two reconnoitering parties were sent out from the brigade, each accompanied by a staff officer-one to the east, in the direction of Grahamville, under Lieutenant Brown, and one up the river, on the Augusta road, with Captain Easton. Nothing of importance was developed. January 19, another party was sent out with Captains Easton and Kellam, of my staff, to Grahamville, via Great Swamp bridge. At Grahamville they met a recon-

