
naissance from General Hatch's command, under Colonel Bennett, his chief of staff. At night the steam-tug General Lee arrived, bringing 100,000 rations. January 20, details from the brigade unloaded the General Lee; river still rising. January 22, the General Lee having returned with quartermaster's stores, she was unloaded by details from the brigade. January 23, another reconnaissance under direction of Captain Bones, brigade inspector, was sent up the Augusta road. They found the enemy in some force near Bradham's, attacked his pickets, and drove them in, developing a force which they deemed it imprudent to contend with. They withdrew. Of all the above reconnaissances reports were promptly made and forwarded to division headquarters. January 24, under direction of division headquarters, the brigade furnished detail of thirty mounted men, accompanied by Captain Bones, brigade inspector, for reconnoitering party, to operate in connection with similar parties from the other brigades of the division. Weather much colder. January 25, reconnaissance returned, having found the enemy about three miles above Bradham's, on the Robertsville road, attacking and driving them a short distance, but developing nothing of importance beyond what Captain Bones had reported as the result of his reconnaissance of the 23rd instant in the same direction. January 26, details from brigade unloaded steamer Jeff. Davis of quartermaster's and commissary stores. Brigade remained in camp, nothing of incident transpiring until January 29, when, under orders of the evening before, the brigade broke camp at 7 a. m. and marched upon the Robertsville road, leaving one regiment (Thirty-third Indiana) to guard stores awaiting transportation. Much of the road was considerably blockaded by felled timber. Encamped for the night two miles northwest of W. F. Roberts' plantation, having marched about sixteen miles. January 30, broke camp at 7 a. m. and marched to Robertsville, going into camp at that place about noon. January 31, sent out foraging parties under Lieutenant Otis (Eighty-fifth Indiana) and Knowles (Twenty-second Wisconsin); ran on the enemy's cavalry losing one man of the Eighty-fifth Indiana (captured), but returned at night with fair success.

February 1, Quartermaster Farrington, Eighty-fifth Indiana, who had been sent out the day before, returned with ten wagon loads of corn. February 2, struck tents at 7 a. m. and marched with the division in the direction of Lawtonville, the brigade in the center of the division column. The advance drove the rebel skirmishers before them for the distance of eight miles, but when within one mile of Lawtonville it met with considerable resistance from musketry and artillery. The brigade, drawn up in line of battle, with First Brigade on its right and Third on its left, advanced in excellent order across the open country; the skirmish line advancing at the same time drove the enemy from the town, and the brigade went into camp for the night. At this point the Thirty-third Indiana reported, having been relieved from duty at Purysburg. February 3, moved at 7. 39 a.m. on the Orangeburg road, the brigade in advance of the division boarding trains; went into camp at 3 p. m. near Duck Branch Post-Office. On the 4th we marched at 7 a. m., brigade in rear and guarding trains; our route was to the left over a cross-road leading to Smyrna, and again to the right from this point to Allendale, where we encamped; to-day foragers captured sixteen horses and mules. On the 5th marched at 7. 30 a. m., brigade in center of division; moved in a northerly direction, leaving the Barnwell road to our left; went into camp on Harrison's plantation, near Mill Branch Creek. On the 6th we

