
broke camp at 7 a. m. and continued the march. The division in front and Second Brigade in advance; crossed the Big Salkehatchie at Buford's Bridge, and from this point moved nearly north; the afternoon was cold and wet and we were ordered into camp on Kitter's plantation. On the 7th we moved at 7. 30 a. m. ; deployed on trains; crossing the Little Salkehatchie over a very poor bridge, we moved on very slowly by way of Dowling's and Patterson's to within half a mile of the Charleston and Augusta Railroad and went into camp. To-day the roads were very heavy, requiring considerable work from the men at several points to make them passable. The rear of the column did not get into camp until quite late in the night.

On the morning of the 8th, by order of the division commander, sent Lieutenant-Colonel Burton with the Thirty-third Indiana back to Patterson's house for the purpose of guarding cross-roads at that point until 5 p. m., when he was to rejoin the brigade. Also sent Lieutenant-Colonel Crane, Eighty-fifth Indiana, some two miles and a half north of the railroad to guard roads intersecting at that point, to return at 5 p. m. ; the other two regiments moved three miles west to Graham's Station on the railroad and encamped in a position favorable for guarding the trains being parked at that place. The Eighty-fifth and Thirty-third reported at night as per instructions, the brigade encamping in single line. Before returning Colonel Crane sent scouts five miles to the Edisto River, who reported no enemy on the south bank. On the 9th left camp at 7 a. m., brigade in center of division, deployed on trains, moving west on the line of railroad, and arriving at Blackville the trains were halted and the brigade ordered to march some two miles beyond the town and commenced tearing up and destroying the railroad. Each regiment and company being directed to destroy a certain portion of the road, the entire brigade went to work with great energy; piles of ties were made of ten or twelve each, then set on fire and the rails laid across; as they became heated the rails would bend of their own weight, and while they were yet hot they were twisted until made utterly useless. Never was a railroad more effectually destroyed. Having thus torn up about two miles of track the brigade went into camp four miles west of Blackville. On the 10th we moved, per order, at 7 a. m., marching west about two miles beyond Williston, where we again commenced tearing up the railroad; to-day the brigade marched eleven miles and tore up, burned, and destroyed two miles of road. The rapid manner in which this work was done was surprising and almost incredible. In little more than one hour from the time it was commenced the work was completed, and so thoroughly that to repair it will be equivalent to building a new road. On the 11th we marched at 7 a. m., returning to Williston, and from this point, taking the advance of the division, moving north nine miles from Williston, we came to the South Fork of the Edisto River at Guignard's Bridge. Lieutenant-Colonel Crane, with the Eighty-fifth Indiana, was immediately sent across the river to guard the approaches from that direction; the balance of the brigade was ordered into camp, at the same time furnishing heavy details for gathering materials for rebuilding the bridge, which was found burned by the enemy.

On the 12th ordered to move at 7 a. m., brigade in rear of the column. The banks of the river were considerably overflowed, so that the men were obliged to ford two-thirds of the distance across, wading nearly to the hips. The water was intensely cold, and the men suffered severely. Moving forward about seven miles we struck the Blackville and Columbia road, upon which the division train was moving; thence we turned

