
to the left, and encamped within three miles of the North Edisto River, having marched sixteen miles. On the 13th moved at 7 a. m., brigade in center of column; crossed the North Edisto and continued the march on the Columbia road; going into camp at Howell's Mills. On the 14th marched eight miles and went into camp at cross-roads, eighteen miles from Columbia. On the 15th moved at 8 a. m. on the Lexington road, brigade being in rear of division guarding trains; encamped on Congaree Creek, two miles from Lexington; to-day the roads were bad and the train late in getting into camp. The roads for the most part were sandy, but there were swamps and creeks to be crossed, and the roads required extensive repairs. On the 16th moved at 7 a. m., Third Division in front, Second Brigade in center; moved on the direct road to Columbia, leaving Lexington to our left. Making four miles, we crossed the line of projected railroad from Columbia to Augusta, partially graded, but work suspended by the advance of our Army. Advanced to within one mile of the Congaree River, and encamped in plan view of Columbia, and also in sight of a portion of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Corps, who were massing in front and on our right, while the Fourteenth Corps remained in our rear. Everything remained quiet during the afternoon and night, except the report of an occasional shell thrown into the city. On the 17th moved at 10 a. m. with division train, the brigade in advance; marched in a westerly direction seven miles to Mount Zion Church, opposite Hart's Ferry, on the Saluda River, and went into camp awaiting the laying of pontoon bridge.

On the 18th ordered to cover the passage of the corps across the Saluda River, which was done the whole corps having made the crossing by noon. This being completed the brigade moved forward with the division guarding a large portion of the train; marched eleven miles in a northeasterly direction and went into camp at Metts' Mills. On the 19th we moved at 6. 30 a. m. with the division, which was ordered to move to the left three miles on the Rockville road, and there relieved General Carlin's division of the Fourteenth Corps. In about one hour the brigade was ordered to hold the position while the balance of the division moved to Freshly's Ferry on Broad River, until relieved by troops from the Second Division, which was done; was relieved at 3. 30 p.m. and immediately marched to Freshly's Ferry, where we rejoined the division and went in camp. On the 20th the brigade did not move until 2 p. m., wn advance of the division, crossing Broad River and the Columbia and Spartanburg Railroad, continuing the march over Little River in the direction of Winnsborough; we encamped for the night near Thompson's Post-Office, and about ten miles from Winnsborough. On the 21st struck tents at 7 a. m. and took up the line of march, the brigade in rear of division; the division moved unencumbered and reached Winnsborough at 12 m. ; resting a short time the brigade with division marched through the town in reviewing order, and went into camp three miles beyond on the Rocky Mount road. On the 22nd marched at 6. 30 a. m. on the Rocky Mount on the Catawba River at 5 p. m., where we encamped; at dark were ordered to cross the river the moment the pontoon bridge was completed and repair the road upon the opposite side. After a personal inspection of the labor to be performed the brigade was crossed in the middle of the night. The road to be repaired had not been in use to any extent for years and led up a very steep hill for the distance of three-quarters of a mile.

