
It became necessary first to cut an entire new road directly through a swamp, from the head of the pontoon bridge to the main road, for nearly 100 yards, and next the same piece of road had to be corduroyed the entire distance. Numerous other places had also to be corduroyed. On account of the scarcity of poles and other suitable timber for this work a great number of rails were packed for the distance of one mile or more to complete the road. A large amount of work was also done upon the west side of the river, repairing the approaches to the bridge, cutting down the bank, straightening the old road, and bridging a deep ravine which intersected the road; but by sunrise of the next morning the wagons commenced crossing. Details were furnished from the brigade to assist in lifting the wagons up the steepest and most difficult portions of the hill until noon, when, being relieved, the brigade moved some four miles to Montgomery's plantation, where it rejoined the division and went into camp.

Attention is here respectfully called to the fact that the exceedingly hard labor above enumerated was performed during one of the darkest nights of the season, without proper tools, without sleep or rest, and, above all, after having just completed a march of sixteen miles. The endurance of the men in this instance was heavily taxed, and they are deserving of especial commendation.

On the 24th moved at 8 a. m. on the Chesterfield road. It rained during most of the previous night and still continued during a portion of the forenoon. The roads were consequently in wretched condition. Before marching more than a mile the train was halted to repair the roads. Full one mile was corduroyed with fence rails, the principal part of the work being done by the advance regiment, the Eighty-fifth Indian; went into camp, having marched only two miles. On the 25th, the rain still continuing, we remained in camp. On the 26th we struck tents at 6. 30 a. m. and marched toward Hanging Rock with the division; built al almost continuous line of corduroy to Hanging Rock, the Second Brigade doing its full share of work; went into camp at Hanging Rock Post-Office. Remained in camp during the 24th. On the 25th moved with the division at 9. 30 a. m., the brigade in center of division, and from this time marched forward without particular incident until the 3rd of March, when we entered Chesterfield. On entering the town I sent Lieutenant-Colonel Crane, with the Eighty-fifth Indiana, across Thompson's Creek, opposite the town, to guard the bridge and the roads in the direction. The other three regiments of the brigade were encamped in single line on the right of the town.

On the 4th broke camp at 6. 30 a. m. and marched with the division, the brigade in front; moved unencumbered across Thompson's Creek, then on the Sneedsborough road, crossing into North Carolina to the distance of two miles; we encamped on Grady's plantation, where we remained until the morning of the 6th, when we were ordered to move with the division to Cheraw. We arrived at the latter place at sunset and encamped with instructions to be ready to cross the river at a moment's notice. On the morning of the 7th was ordered to cover the crossing of everything belonging to the Twentieth Corps; crossed the Great Pedee at 8 a. m. and moved on rapidly to overtake the division, passing the camps of the Fifteenth Corps. Our march was in northeasterly direction, over a dry, sandy country. Reaching a point near Laurel Hill, on the Wilmington and Rockingham Railroad, we went into camp, having marched eighteen miles. On the 8th struck tents at 8 a. m. and moved with the division guarding trains on the road to McFarland's Bridge on Lumber River, and on the 9th went into camp

