
two miles from the bridge amidst a drenching rain and at the close of a very wet, cold, and disagreeable day. On the 10th moved with the division at 6 a. m., crossing Lumber River and marching ten miles; went into camp within one mile of Rockfish Creek; detailed 100 men to work with the pioneers during the day in repairing roads. On the morning of the 11th we commenced the march at 6 o'clock, the brigade in front, crossing Rockfish Creek in the direction in the direction of Fayetteville, and repairing the roads as we advanced. At about 12 m. orders were received directing the brigade to move forward with the division unencumbered and as speedily as possible, and soon in motion; struck the Fayetteville and Rockingham plank road at a point twelve miles from Fayetteville. After marching some three miles farther news was received by courier that our troops entered Fayetteville at 11 a. m. The troops were soon brought to a halt, and after a short rest they were moved forward to within two miles of the town, where they were ordered into camp. The troops to-day were much fatigued, having marched quite twenty miles.

Remained in camp during the 12th, and received the announcement from General Sherman that he was in communication with Wilmington. On the 13th moved with the division across Cape Fear River, and went into camp three miles beyond on the Raleigh road, passing through Fayetteville in reviewing order. Remained in camp during the 14th, awaiting supplies expected from Wilmington. March 15, moved at 6. 30 a. m. with the division, unencumbered, on the Raleigh road; crossed Silver Creek and encamped near Taylor's Hole Creek in a heavy rain. On the 16th the brigade was ordered to move at 6 a. m. in advance of the division, and to repair the roads as we advanced. This order had been observed for the distance of two miles, when orders were received that General Kilpatrick's cavalry were closely engaged with the enemy in our front at Smithville, and directing that the brigade with the division be moved at once to his support. We reached the main body of the cavalry in marching about two miles, but without halting we advanced still farther, and to within a short distance of the lines, the brigade massing on the right of the Raleigh road. Advancing a short distance, I was ordered to take position on the let of the road, with my right resting near a certain white house, which was pointed out to me. This movement was executed at once, relieving some cavalry which had been posted

at this point. Receiving still further orders, I sent two regiments to occupy an advanced position, about fifty yards in front and across a small ravine. This position was occupied by the Nineteenth Michigan, under Major Anderson, whose right rested upon the Raleigh road, and connecting with the lines forming on the right of the road, and the Eighty-fifth Indiana, under Lieutenant-Colonel Crane, who formed on the left of the Nineteenth Michigan. This movement was no sooner executed than I was ordered to advance the other two regiments of the brigade; the Twenty-second Wisconsin, under Captain May, was formed on the left of the Eighty-fifth Indiana, Smith's house being directly in its front. The Thirty-third Indiana, under Lieutenant-Colonel Burton, formed the left of the line, extending into the woods. The three first regiments were all formed on open ground. While these lines were being formed two batteries of artillery were drawn up in our front, and immediately opened upon the enemy. This drew his fire, both of musketry and artillery, and from this time until the close of the day's work the brigade was under fire. The skirmish line was formed from the Nineteenth Michigan, under Captains Cahill and Clark, and was well advanced. Two companies from the

