
of two feet for several, yards at either end of the bridge; after crossing the brigade was deployed as guard upon 125 wagons. The road led through several swamps and great difficulty was experienced in getting the train along. The head of the train commenced parking at 10 o'clock at night and the rear of the brigade did not arrive until 5 o'clock in the morning. Moved at 8 a. m. on the 19th, brigade in front and Twenty-second Wisconsin detailed to assist the pioneers in repairing the road; heard heavy cannonading in our front during the forenoon; about 1 p. m. was ordered to move rapidly forward; troops moved nearly at the double-quick for about four miles to near Bentonville, where we found the Fourteenth Corps closely engaged with the enemy with great danger of an attack upon their let. The brigade was brought into line on the run, connecting with the Second Brigade, First Division, on the right, and with the First Michigan Engineers on the left. The line was immediately advanced into the edge of the woods and in forty minutes the brigade was well intrenched and able to resist any two lines of battle.

On the morning of the 20th our skirmish line was advanced-the left to the distance of two miles-when, having developed the enemy's pickets, it was withdrawn, and finally established 600 yards in front of the main line, in which there was no change. On the 21st remained in position; sent all empty wagons by way of Cox's Bridge to Kinston for supplies. Moved at 7 a. m. on the 22nd; pack mules and headquarters wagons in front, Second Brigade in rear of division; moved in a southeasterly direction four miles, then to the left, in the direction of Cox's Bridge. Marched on the side of trains, through swamps and marshes nearly all day, going into camp at 11 o'clock at night within six miles of Cox's Bridge. On the 23rd moved at 7. 30 a. m., Second Brigade in center of division, crossing the Neuse River at 1 p. m., and encamped three miles beyond at 5 p. m. Rebel cavalry having been reported between us and Goldsborough, the brigade moved in obedience to orders, and encamped at a point five miles from Goldsborough. In addition to a strong camp guard, six companies were detailed and distributed at various points on the road to guard the several approaches from the direction of Smithfield. Moved with and in advance of division at 6 a. m. on the 24th, crossing Little River and marched in reviewing order through Goldsborough and went into camp three miles from and to the north of the town.

In early part of the campaign a foraging party was organized, consisting of from fifty to eighty men, under the charge of one commissioned officer from each regiment; the organization was a complete success, neither men nor animals, with few exceptions, having suffered for the lack of food during the entire campaign. This success may be attributed in a great degree to the fearless manner in which the enemy's country was explored. In many instances heavy skirmishing occurred, in which the foragers drove the rebels for miles beyond our main column, coming into camp at night heavily laden with forage, and often with squads of rebel prisoners captured during the day. Lieutenant Morse, Twenty-second Wisconsin, reports that he, with a party of his own foragers, was the first to enter the town of Fayetteville, driving the rebel rear guard to the river so precipitately that a squad of cavalry, unable to cross the bridge, was obliged to make its escape up the river on the west side.

The casualties in the brigade during the campaign were as follows: Commissioned officers-killed, 2; wounded, 1; missing, 2; total, 5. Enlisted men-killed, 9; wounded, 46; missing, 30; total, 85. Grand total, 90.

