
To recapitulate:

Captain, your Second Brigade has thus participated in another of the most important and remarkable campaign known in the history of warfare, extending over a period of fifty-four days, forty-seven of which it was on the march. It has subsisted itself mainly upon the country through which it has passed. It has traveled in some instances over twenty miles a day. It has labored hard in guarding wagon trains and in assisting them over most difficult roads and crossings while exposed to cold and wet, and frequently without sleep or rest through the entire night. The clothes of the men, from the effects of the campaign, have been reduced to rags, and nearly all boots and shoes, hats and caps were completely worn out. It has destroyed about five miles of railroad in the most effectual manner and built a great number of miles of corduroy road. It has skirmished successfully on numerous occasions. It occupied an important position in the line at the battle of March 16, at Smithville, and successfully charged the enemy's lines, capturing his works, one piece of artillery, and a number of prisoners. It formed the skirmish line during the afternoon and night of the same day, lying in close proximity to the enemy's last line of works. It came with the division promptly to the support of the Fourteenth Corps on the 19th, near Bentonville, and in forty minutes was thoroughly intrenched, and its position rendered impregnable to any attack.

It captured during the campaign 66 prisoners, 1 piece of artillery, 325 head of cattle, 15 horses, and 77 mules. It has performed all its duties, however arduous, with great cheerfulness and promptitude, doing itself honor in every position to which it has been assigned. The members of my staff will always be gratefully remembered by me for the faithful and efficient manner in which they performed their duties during the campaign. In the engagement on the 16th, and also when an attack upon our lines was so imminent on the 19th, they gave such additional evidences of efficiency and gallantry as entitles them to particular consideration.

Respectfully submitted.

DANL. DUSTIN,

Colonel 105th Illinois Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JOHN SPEED,

Asst. Adjrd Division, Twentieth Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Near Washington, D. C., May 28, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this brigade from March 28, 1865, the date of my last report, to the present time:

My last report left the brigade in camp in a reserve line at Goldsborough, N. C., where it remained until the 10th, furnishing no picket detail, but supplying all fatigue and miscellaneous details of the division. During this time the Twenty-second Wisconsin was sent to Kinston as guard to wagon trains sent to that point for supplies, being absent four days. A detail of 200 men from Eighty-fifth Indiana as foraging party went eleven miles into the country, but encountering the enemy in force, returned without forage. Other details of minor importance were furnished almost daily. During our stay here the entire brigade encampment was regularly laid out and tastefully

