
adorned with evergreens; drills were renewed, and the regular routine of discipline, and camp duty enforced. Troops were reclothed and partially refitted with accouterments.

On the 9th of April the brigade received recruits as follows: Thirty-third Indiana, 120; Twenty-second Wisconsin, 3; Eighty-fifth Indiana, 40; Nineteenth Michigan, 1. The number of detachments returned to duty at this time was as follows: Thirty-third Indiana, 150; Twenty-second Wisconsin, 39; Eighty-fifth Indiana, 5; Nineteenth Michigan, 38. Thus increased, the number present in the brigade was as follows: Thirty-third Indiana, 509; Twenty-second Wisconsin, 306. Eighty-fifth Indiana, 408; Nineteenth Michigan, 353; total, 1,636.

The brigade staff was as follows; Chief surgeon, Wilson Hobbs, surgeon Eighty-fifth Indiana; acting assistant adjutant-general, A. G. Kellam, captain, Twenty-second Wisconsin; acting assistant inspector-general, William Bones, captain, Twenty-second Wisconsin; acting aide-de-camp, David J. Easton, captain, Nineteenth Michigan; acting aide-de-camp, Henry A. Ford, captain, Nineteenth Michigan; acting assistant quartermaster, L. M. Wing, regimental quartermaster Nineteenth Michigan; provost-marshal, C. A. Booth, lieutenant, Twenty-second Wisconsin; ambulance officer, Henry C. Brown, lieutenant, Eighty-fifth Indiana; pioneer officer, J. A. Gurley, lieutenant, Eighty-fifth Indiana.

While at this place the brigade, with the division, was reviewed by Major-General Mower, commanding Twentieth Corps. April 10, in pursuance of orders of the day before, the brigade marched at 6 a. m., with forty rounds of ammunition, ten days' rations of sugar, coffee, and salt, five days' of hard bread and three of meat, the division in rear of corps, the brigade in rear of division, except one regiment, Twenty-second Wisconsin, which was detailed to guard the division train, to move in rear of Fourteenth Corps, on roads south of and next to the railroad. Moved forward Cox's Bridge, crossing Little River and the Raleigh railroad. Left Cox's Bridge road and turned to the right, encamping eight miles from Goldsborough, having marched eleven miles; considerable rain falling during the day. On the 11th, marched at 7 a. m., crossing Swift Creek, Moccasin Creek Swamp, and Boorden Creek. The day was very warm and the men were urged forward very rapidly. Many, entirely overcome by heat and excessive exertion, fell out by the way. There were several cases of sunstroke in the command during the day. Reached Smithfield at 5 p. m., having marched fifteen miles. On the 12th moved at 5. 30 a. m., division in front, brigade in front of division; struck the Raleigh and Elevation road eleven miles from Smithfield; encamped just beyond Swift Creek, after a march of fifteen miles. About one hour after going into camp the "general" was sounded, and in ten minutes the division was on the road again. After marching about a mile we were returned to the camps just left. On the 13th, moved at 5. 30, division in rear, brigade in rear. Reached Raleigh at 3 p. m., after marching sixteen miles. On the evening of the 14th, received marching orders for next day. April 15, moved at 6 a. m., as per order, the rain falling furiously. Before going half a mile the order was countermanded and the troops returned to camp. The brigade remained in camp until the 25th. The interim was occupied in completing and beautifying the camps, in drill, and the usual routine of camp duties. The industry and taste of officers and men displayed in arranging and perfecting these camps entitle them to good credit.

On the 22nd the brigade, with the division and corps, were reviewed in the city of Raleigh by General Sherman. April 25, the brigade

