
broke camp and moved in direction toward Jones' Cross-Roads, Third Division in rear, Second Brigade in center of division. Reached Jones' Cross-Roads at sunset, and went into camp, having marched thirteen miles. The brigade remained in camp until the 28th. Under orders from division headquarters foraging parties were again organized and sent out, but with inconsiderable success. On the 28th, at 6. 30 a. m., the brigade moved from camp, retracing its march to Raleigh, arriving at noon, and returning to its old encampments. Remaining here one day and until April 30, the brigade, with the division and corps, started upon its homeward march. The men were relieved of a greater part of their ammunition, carrying but twenty-five rounds to the man, and such dispositions and directions indicated in general orders from the general-in-chief as were evidently designed to insure an easy and comfortable march to Washington, D. C. We moved on toward Richmond without particular incident, crossing the Neuse River on the morning of May 1, the Roanoke on the 3rd of May, after a march of twenty-five miles; the Meherrin on the 4th, after marching twenty miles, and the Appomattox on the 7th, going into camp on the morning of the 8th on Swift Creek, about eight miles from Richmond, after a hard and tiresome march of a trifle over eight days.

On the morning of the 9th the brigade, with the division and corps, moved two miles on the road toward Richmond and went into camp. May 11, at 11 o'clock, resumed the march toward Alexandria, crossing the Chickahominy on the 12th, the Rappahannock, at United States Ford, on the 16th, Bull run on the 18th, and going into camp about six miles from Alexandria on the 19th. Remained in this camp until the 24th, when the brigade, with the division and corps, moved to Washington City, where it participated in the grand review of the army by the President of the United States and Lieutenant-General Grant. After the review the march was continued through the city and toward Bladensburg to the vicinity of Fort Lincoln, where the brigade went into camp.

The several regiments of the brigade have made creditable encampments. Regimental and company officers are actively engaged in preparing papers and rolls for the muster out of the troops.

In closing this, my final report, I again take great pleasure in expressing my high appreciation of the substantial services rendered by my staff officers. The following are among the best officers in the service, and have always been prompt, faithful, and efficient in the performance of their respective duties: Dr. Wilson Hobbs, chief surgeon; Captain A. G. Kellam, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain William Bones, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant L. M. Wing, acting assistant quartermaster; Lieutenant W. S. Harbert, acting commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant H. C. Brown, ambulance officer, and Lieutenant J. A. Gurley, pioneer officer.

My aides-de-camp, Captains Easton and Ford, are also gentlemen of intelligence and ability, and have been attentive and diligent in all that pertains to their official position.

Any favors that may be granted to any or all of these officers will be well merited by them and highly appreciated by me.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

DANL. DUSTIN,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

Captain F. C. CRAWFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

