
Numbers 193. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James E. Burton, Thirty-third Indiana Infantry, of operations January 1-March 26.

GOLDSBOROUGH, N. C., March 31, 1865.

January 1, 1865, left camp near Savannah, Ga., marched through the city, crossed pontoon to Hutchinson's Island, thence across to main river. Nineteenth Michigan crossed river in boats, barges, and skiffs; Thirty-third and Eighty-fifth returned to steam-boat and lay in warehouse on wharf all night. January 2, found Twenty-second Wisconsin on board transport at 7 o'clock; Thirty-third and Eighty-fifth boarded the same transport at once; by 10 a. m. landed on old South Carolina's shore; went to work crossing wagons, horses, pack-mules, &amp;c., in boats, barges, and such other craft as could be gathered along the shore; the work continued briskly all night. January 3, the crossing of the train completed; meantime the troops encamped behind the levee on the river. January 4, marched at 10 a. m., Eighty-fifth in front, Thirty-third next, and marched seven miles and went into camp at Fort Hardee. January 5, built quarters; lay quietly in camp for several days doing only camp and picket duty. On the 10th some firing on the picket-lines, at which time one of the Thirty-third Indiana fired at and wounded a negro who was approaching the picket-line just before daylight. On the 11th an escaped prisoner of the Sixty-third Ohio was shot by one of the Thirty-third Indiana while he was approaching the picket-line; it being dark and great vigilance being required of the pickets, the mishap was unavoidable. 15th, weather fine; brigade inspection, reported to be a brilliant affair. 16th, battalion drill. 17th, struck tents at 8 a. m. ; division moved, Second Brigade in front, Thirty-third in advance; day fine, country flat; First and Third Brigades went into camp at Hardeeville; Second Brigade marched on to Purysburg and went into camp, having marched fifteen miles; left of Thirty-third, Twenty-second, and Eighty-fifth resting on the Savannah River; headquarters Thirty-third and Twenty-second in house. 18th, built excellent quarters; had dress parade at the usual hour. 19th, in camp and quiet; some rain; First Division came up and went into camp on account of high water; two boats came up, one the gun-boat Pontiac, the [other] a transport, with supplies. 20th, much rain, men in quarters. 21st, still rainy. 22nd, Pontiac moved up the river; got mail. 23rd and 24th, quiet in camp. 25th, reconnaissance went to Grahamville. Captain Slough in command of detached men from Second Brigade. 26th, expedition to Grahamville returned; no discovery of importance. 27th, clear and cool; First Division moved out for Robertsville. 28th, all quiet. 29th, Third Division moved, all except the Thirty-third Indiana, which remained to guard commissaries; five transports passed up the river; guard and picket duty heavy. 30th, all quiet; transports passing up the river frequently. 31st, transport came for commissaries left in charge of the regiment; they were loaded immediately, and boat returned up the river as speedily as possible, commanded by Lieutenant Harbert; quite a number of sick and refugees sent to Savannah; preparations made for marching; Chaplain McCreak arrived from Chattanooga and Doctor Moffitt from Indianapolis.

February 1, struck tents at 7 a.m. ; marched at once, scarcely halting till noon; made coffee; marched till 5 p. m. ; went into camp on the right of the road within six miles of Robertsville, having made a march of seventeen miles. 2nd, moved at 5 a. m., reaching Robertsville

