
at 7. 30; troops all gone except rear guard; moved on rapidly till 10 o'clock, overtaking Second Brigade, First Division; soon passed them, moving on briskly for two miles, halted for dinner. Here three men of Company H went some distance from the road, by and with the consent of the company commander, and, as was afterward ascertained, were overtaken by sixteen of Wheeler's cavalry and murdered. The regiment moved rapidly, passing through both the First and Third Division trains, coming up with the brigade about 6 p. m., having marched twenty-three miles; went into camp, open field, where the division had been skirmishing. 3rd, moved at 8 o'clock, Thirty-third in advance; passed through Lawtonville one mile from camp; marched twelve miles; went into camp in a grove on right of road; some rain. 4th, Company H, Thirty-third, detailed to forage for horses; captured three horses and four mules; marched fourteen miles; encamped on right of road in field. 5th, Sunday, moved at 8 o'clock; deployed on train; marched twelve miles; went into camp on Sand Hill on left of road; Major Niederauer, division officer of the day. 6th, moved at 6 a. m. ; crossed Buford's Bridge; came up with the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Corps; Second Brigade in front (by regiments), Eighty-fifth, Thirty-third, &amp;c. ; marched twelve miles; camped in field; rained hard all night; Fifteenth Corps had some skirmishing at this place. 7th, moved at 8 o'clock; deployed with train, Thirty-third guarding fifty wagons; crossed Little Salkehatchie; moved six miles; camped in field on the right of road near Bamberg. 8th, Thirty-third moved back one mile and a half on road and stood picket till 5 p. m., then moved to Graham's Turnout, a distance of two miles and a half; went into camp in woods south of railroad; band went to division headquarters (under command of Major Niederauer), at which time there was a fine pair of holsters presented to General Ward; holsters captured by Charles Fivecoats, Company B, Thirty-third Indiana. 9th, moved at 7 a. m. to Blackville, a distance of ten miles; after dinner Thirty-third tore up one mile of railroad track, destroying all the ties and rails; camped on right of road in field. 10th, moved at 7 o'clock on left of railroad eight miles, through Williston; tore up one mile of railroad; received some mail and some men came up with Fourteenth Corps for the regiment; camped on the left of road in woods. 11th, moved at 7 through Williston; marched eight miles to South Edisto River; camped on south side in the valley. 12th, Sunday, clear and cool; waded water filled with ice for one mile; moved on with train till 3 p. m. ; went into camp on left of road in sand field. 13th, moved out at 7; deployed on train; went into camp at Round Pond at noon, in wood on west side of pond; got some mail. 14th, moved at 9 o'clock; deployed on train; marched eight miles; went into camp in woods on right of road; rained all night. 15th, moved at 6; deployed on fifty wagons; after marching fifteen miles went into camp, after dark, in two miles of Lexington Court-House. 16th, moved at 7; marched ten miles, Third Division in front, First Brigade in front, Thirty-third in advance of Second Brigade; went into camp at 3 o'clock, in two miles and sight of the doomed city-Columbia. 17th, city of Columbia surrendered to Fifteenth and Seventeenth Corps; 10 a. m. left wing moved to the left in charge of wagon train (eight miles); went into camp on west side of Saluda River; very windy; light to be seen from the burning city-Columbia. 18th, moved at 8 a. m. ; crossed the Saluda at noon; marched then eighteen miles; went into camp at 8 p. m. in rocky field on right of road. 19th, moved at 7 a. m., three miles; Second Brigade relieved First Division, Fourteenth Corps; lay in woods and were gathering for meeting, but got orders to march at 3 o'clock;

