
moved to the right; went into camp at dark with main Army. 20th, transportation cut down; burned desks; cut down wall tents; moved at noon and crossed Broad River at 2 o'clock; moved out on Columbia and Winnsborough road; camped on left of road in thick pine grove. 21st, moved at 6, in front of train, ten miles to Winnsborough; passed through town at 1 p. m. ; reviewed by Generals Slocum and Williams; Second Brigade (especially Thirty-third Indiana) made a fine appearance; went into camp three miles from town, Thirty-third on very high hill. 22nd, moved at 7 o'clock, Third Division in front, making a march of seventeen miles; went into camp on Catawba Hills west of the river; Thirty-third captured six good horses and an abundance of forage. 23rd, moved at 1 p. m. ; worked roads till 6 o'clock, then crossed the river; lay on the hill 10 o'clock; marched 5 miles; roads very hilly and bad; camped for the night on left of road in woods. 24th, moved at 8; some rain; roads bad; moved three miles; went into camp on grass hillside; two men of the regiment captured, with Lieutenant Knowles of Twenty-second Wisconsin. 25th, lay in camp all day; continued to rain. 26th, moved at 7 a. m. ; roads very bad; marched eight miles to Ingraham's Store; went into camp at 2 o'clock near General Sherman's headquarters; it being the Sabbath, Chaplain McCrea preached to the brigade. 27th, lay quietly in camp all day; sent back a party in search of the Fourteenth Corps. 28th, moved at 7 in an easterly direction; deployed on train; roads very bad; marched till midnight; foragers brought in 7 horses, 21 mules, and 1 wagon and buggy well loaded with forage.

March 1, marched at 6; deployed on train; Thirty-third guarding sixty wagons; marched twelve miles; camped on right of road in woods. 2nd, moved at 7; deployed on train; lay by all the evening waiting for the bridge to be repaired; crossed Buffalo Creek after dark; marched till 10 o'clock; went into camp on the left of road. 3rd, marched at 7; deployed on train; Thirty-third, covering fifty wagons and twenty-seven ambulances, making ten miles; encamped at Chesterfield at 3 o'clock. 4th, moved at 8 for State line; roads bad; deployed on train; went into camp in North Carolina in an open field. 5th, Sabbath, fine day; had meeting, well attended; service by Chaplain McCrea; foragers got at least three days' rations. 6th, moved at noon in the direction of Cheraw; marched eight miles; went into camp on right of road. 7th moved at 7 through city of Cheraw; the city almost destroyed by Right Wing; crossed the Grand Pedee on Right Wing pontoon; Second Brigade marched in column in rear of train; encamped in woods on left of road. 8th, turned over a lot of mules; marched at 7; roads bad; deployed on train; marched ten miles; camped on left, near woods. 9th, moved at 7 o'clock; roads getting better; rainy afternoon; marched twelve miles; went into camp at 8 p. m. on left of road. 10th, moved at 6; Thirty-third deployed on fifty wagons; crossed Lumber Creek; marched twelve miles ; this evening went into camp at 10 p. m. on right of road; quite cool. 11th, moved at 6 a. m. ; crossed Rockfish Creek on pontoon, Third Division in advance; worked roads in forenoon; afternoon marched on plank road; after marching twenty miles went into camp three [miles] from Fayetteville. 12th, Sabbath, services three times during the day; have communication with Wilmington sent out some mail; lay in camp all day. 13th, moved at 10 p. m. through the city of Fayetteville; Generals Sherman, Slocum, Williams, Ward, and others reviewed the troops as they passed through the town, Thirty-third Indiana in advance of column; Second Brigade halted to guard train at river; crossed the Cape Fear River after

