
Numbers 194. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alexander B. Crane, Eighty-fifth Indiana Infantry, of operations January 2-March 24.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-FIFTH REGIMENT INDIANA INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 26, 1865.

I submit the following report of the operations of this regiment since leaving Savannah, to March 24, 1865, pursuant to order received:

On the morning of January 2, 1865, the regiment landed in South Carolina opposite Savannah. After attempting a crossing by way of Hutchinson's Island on the 29th of December and January 1, 1865 which efforts caused the regiment much suffering from cold, wet, and went of sleep and failed for want of boats and means being provided to cross the troops the regiment was finally transferred direct from Savannah to South Carolina by steam-boat. January 4, moved from the landing to Hardee's plantation with the brigade, remaining in camp there until January 17, when the brigade marched to Purysburg, where it remained camped until January 29, then marching to Robertsville, S. C., where it camped on January 30, 1865.

Thursday, February 2, the regiment moved with the brigade from Robertsville toward Lawtonville. That evening, the advance having come upon the enemy, the regiment was ordered to the front and formed in line under a skirmish fire of the enemy and advanced with the whole line upon the retiring enemy, with no casualties, and then camped near Lawtonville. The regiment marched daily with the brigade, most of the time guarding trains, until we reached the railroad, February 7. February 8, the regiment moved north of the railroad two miles, and covered the working parties upon the road, returning to the brigade that night at Graham's Station. February 9, marched with the brigade to Blackville, ten miles, and then destroyed 1,900 feet of railroad. On the 10th marched eleven miles farther toward Augusta and destroyed half a mile of railroad, by measurement, in less than three-quarters of an hour.

From the 11th day of February until the 16th day of March the regiment was with the brigade, marching, camping, guarding trains, building corduroy roads, doing picket duty, and all the labors and duties incident to the campaign, without coming into direct conflict with the enemy. The number of miles marched, the route pursued, and other like matters, were the same as experienced by the brigade. On the 16th day of March the regiment marched with the brigade about three miles and a half, when, the enemy being in force, the brigade moved to the front, was formed at first in mass, then in line, the Eighty-fifth Indiana Infantry occupying the right center, in position, behind some batteries. After a heavy fire for some time from the batteries, the regiment, with the brigade, advanced under a severe fire upon the enemy' works. The enemy abandoned their works, which were simultaneously occupied by the brigade and the First Brigade. In this engagement my regiment advanced through an open field in plain view of the enemy and directly upon their works. It was most gallantly done by officers and men, with considerable loss. During the remainder of that day the regiment, with the brigade, was in reserve, moving forward as the enemy fell back to their main works, and being under fire until after dark, when it built a line of works.

A report of the loss in this engagement is appended to this report. Until March 19 the regiment marched with the brigade and on the night of the 18th was out until 5 a. m. of the 19th assisting the trains. On

52 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

