
the 19th, while marching, deployed upon the train, orders came to move to the front. The regiment closed up and marched six miles, much of the way beside trains, without halting and came upon the field of battle in excellent order. After several changes in the positions the brigade was formed in single line on the left and built a line of works without other participation in the engagement. The regiment remained in those works until the 22nd, when, with the brigade, it marched to Goldsborough, entering the town March 24.

I append a summary of the whole number of miles marched, and of foraging and supplies. The regiment subsisted almost wholly upon the country from the 2nd of February, 1865. Up to that date doing very Little foraging, obtaining supplies from the Government.

During the campaign, from February 11, outside of the rations given below, issued by the Government, I subsisted the regiment by means of fourteen mounted men, the men also along the line of march and near camp often getting fresh hog, sweet potatoes, and sometimes beef. The regiment and animals were well fed during the whole campaign.

Summary. -Officers and men in regiment, 339. Rations and forage received from the Government from February 1, 1865; Hard bread, 16 days; sugar, 20 days; coffee, 20 days; meat, 3 days; forage, 300 pounds.

I estimate that my regiment has taken from the country since February 2, 1865, 40 days' full rations of meat, 25 of breadstuffs, 15 of sweet potatoes, and 30 of molasses. Also quantities of lard, honey, peas, beans, dried fruits, poultry, &amp;c., which cannot be estimated. There was in the regiment February 2, 1865, 6 private animals, 6 public animals, and 13 pack-mules.

All these received from the country full and sufficient supplies of forage all the time from February 1 to March 24. Also, I received fourteen other animals on February 12, 1865, for foragers which were subsisted forty days, averaging forage for thirty-nine animals for forty-seven days received from the country, scarcely ample in corn alone, but reckoning rough it was more than the amount of Government rations for the time would be. And more forage was brought into Goldsborough than we started with. The regiment has marched over 460 miles, destroyed 4,540 feet of railroad, or over seven-eights of a mile.

The officers and men have shown great powers of endurance, been in remarkably good health and spirits, cheerfully doing all duty and enduring all the hardships of the campaign. I am under great obligations to them. The country should know and appreciate their courage and manhood.

A. B. CRANE,

Lieutenant-colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain KELLAM,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Third Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 195. Report of Major David Anderson, Nineteenth Michigan Infantry, of operations January 1-March 24.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH MICHIGAN INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Near Goldsborough, March 26, 1865.

SIR: In obedience to orders from division headquarters requiring reports from regimental commanders from the time of leaving Savannah, Ga., to our arrival at this point, I have the honor to report as follows:

The regiment, 300 strong, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Baker, left Savannah, Ga., January 1, crossing the Savannah River dur-

