
February 18. -Destroyed first and ninth miles of Charleston and Columbia Railroad.

February 19. -Remained in camp.

February 20. -Marched eighteen miles.

February 21. -Marched twenty-two miles.

February 22. -Marched eleven miles and crossed Wateree River.

February 23. -Marched ten miles.

February 24. -Marched seventeen miles.

February 25. -Marched eight miles.

February 26. -Marched ten miles.

February 27. -Crossed Lynch's Creek.

February 28. -Remained in camp.

March 1. -Moved at 5. 30 p. m. ; marched six miles and encamped at Kellytown.

March 2. -Marched four miles and went into camp.

March 3. -Marched twenty miles and encamped on Juniper Creek.

March 4. -Marched to Cheraw; distance, thirteen miles.

March 5. -Marched four miles; crossed Great Pedee River.

March 7. -Marched ten miles and encamped at Crooked Creek.

March 8. -Marched to Laurel Hill; distance, fourteen miles.

March 9. -Marched fourteen miles, crossing Lumber River on pontoon bridge and encamped at Bethel Church.

March 10. -Corduroyed about four miles of road. Brigade headquarters distant from yesterday's camp three miles.

March 11. -Marched seventeen miles and encamped on Little Rock-fish Creek, seven miles from Fayetteville.

March 12. -Marched six miles and a half and encamped near Fayetteville.

March 14. -Marched three miles, crossing Cape Fear River, and encamped on Warsaw road.

March 15. -Marched to Bethany Church, distance nine miles, on Goldsborough road.

March 16. -Marched eight miles, crossing Black Creek, and encamped near Wesley Chapel.

March 17. -Marched to Peters' Cross-Roads; distance, eight miles.

March 18. -Marched fifteen miles and encamped.

March 19. -Marched in direction of Everettsville until 11 o'clock at night, then countermarched to re-enforce the Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps, who had engaged the enemy; distance marched, twenty-four miles.

March 21. -Changed position and put up works and took part in the engagement of that day. Captain Hare, of the Seventieth Ohio, was killed.

March 22. -Marched ten miles on Everettsville road and encamped.

March 23. -Marched eight miles and encamped six miles from Goldsborough.

March 24. -To-day we cross the Neuse River and encamp near Goldsborough, N. C., which ends our campaign.

March 25 to 31. -Remained in camp.

April 1. -Were encamped two miles east of Goldsborough, N. C.

April 2. -The Second Division reviewed by General Hazen. Remained in camp until April 10, when we broke camp at 7. 30 a. m. ; the Third Brigade, occupying the advance, marched on the Snow Hill road seven miles, then took road leading to Pikeville; crossed Weldon and Wilmington Railroad, and went into camp at 6 p. m. at Nahunta Church, three miles from Pikeville, on road leading to Whitley's Mill; distance marched, sixteen miles.

