
the morning of the 17th, passing through Hardeeville and campaign with the brigade at Purysburg, where it remained until the morning of the 29th of January. Marched from Purysburg on the 29th and went into camp at Robertsville on the 30th, where it remained until the morning of the 2nd of February.

Marched from Robertsville on the 2nd of February, passed through Lawtonville on the 3rd, crossed the Combahee River, near Barnwell Church on the 6th, and struck the Charleston and Augusta Railroad near Lowry's Turnout on the 7th of February. The 8th, 9th, and 10th were spent on the railroad, passing through Graham's Blackville, and Williston, and destroying railroad track, crossed the South Branch of the Edisto River on the 12th and the North Branch of the Edisto on the 13th, arriving in front of Columbia on the 16th of February. Crossed the Saluda River, near Mount Zion, on the 18th and Broad River on the 20th. Passed through Winnsborough on the 21st and crossed the Catawba River, near Rocky Mount, on the 23rd of February. On the 24th of February Lieutenant Knowles, of Company C, in command of regimental foragers, was captured, together with two enlisted men of the regiment. Reached Hanging Rock on the 26th, where it remained in camp one day.

Crossed Lynch's Creek on the 1st of March and camped in Chesterfield on the 3rd. March 4, crossed the State line and camped near Sneedsborough, N. C., where it remained until the 6th, when it marched to Cheraw S. C. Crossed the Great Pedee at Cheraw on the 7th of March. On the Wilmington and Rockingham Railroad, and on the 11th reached Fayetteville. Remained in camp on the 12th. On the 13th marched in review through Fayetteville, crossed the Cape Fear River, and went into camp about two miles from the river. Marched from Fayetteville on the 15th, taking the Raleigh road. Participated in the engagement of the 16th of March, having four men wounded. Camped at Averasborough on the 17th, and marched on the 18th, taking the Goldsborough road. During the engagement of the 19th, 20th, 21st were in position on the left of the First Division, Twentieth Corps, but at no time engaged with the enemy. Crossed the Neuse River on the 23rd, and went into camp at Goldsborough on the 24th of March.

During the campaign the regiment has marched about 480 miles; has destroyed one mile of railroad track, and has built about two miles and a half of corduroy road. It is estimated that the regiment has foraged from the country about 15,000 pounds of meat and 17,000 pounds of breadstuffs, with about 50 horses and mules.

The regiment foragers under Lieutenant Knowles, and, after his capture, under Lieutenant Morse, of Company K, have done good service, and have had frequent skirmishes with the enemy, and captured a number of prisoners. On the 11th of March Lieutenant Morse, with his command, entered the city of Fayetteville and with other foragers drove the enemy from the place sometime before the advance of our main column reached the city.

The casualties during the campaign have been 1 commissioned officer and 2 enlisted men captured, 4 enlisted men wounded, and 2 enlisted men missing, as follows. *

I am, captain, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

D. R. MAY,

Captain Commanding Twenty-second Regiment Wisconsin Vol. Infty.

Capt. A. G. KELLAM, A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

