
encamped. February 8, moved to Graham's Station. Destroyed 1 1/4 miles of railroad track west and burnt 360 bales of cotton and the railroad buildings at this station, and went into camp at that place. The same day, leaving the camp standing, the brigade moved three miles and a half west, destroyed 600 yards of track, and then returned. At 9 p. m. reached camp. Each rail was bent, some were twisted, and each tie was burned. February 9, moved westward along the railroad to Blackville Station and two miles beyond, and destroyed one mile and four-fifths of railroad westward, and encamped. February 10, at 7. 10 a. m., marched westward along the railroad to White Pond Station, ten miles, and destroyed the railroad for two miles and a quarter beyond, and encamped at White Pond Station at 4. 30 p. m. Here each rail was twisted by a detachment of the First Michigan Engineers. February 11, marched back eastward to Williston, and thence northerly to the South Branch of the Edisto River and encamped. February 12, moved at 7 a. m. ; crossed that river on a bridge built in the middle of the river, and waded one-half a mile in water from twelve to thirty-six inches deep. Moved on easterly to the Columbia road, and thence northerly on that road about three miles and encamped. February 13, at 8. 15 a. m., crossed the North Branch of the Edisto River, and moved on during the day six miles to camp.

February 14, at 12. 30 m., moved with wagons on Columbia road about three miles, and then taking the Lancaster road moved on three miles to camp at Augusta and Columbia and Lexington Court-House and Orangeburg Cross-Roads. February 15, at 8 a. m., guarding Second Division and cavalry train; moved on Lexington Court-House road, crossed Congaree Creek, and moved beyond and encamped at a cross-road. February 16, marched unencumbered on the Columbia road to within two miles of Columbia, S. C., and halted for the night. February 17, marched toward Zion Church, guarding wagons, and encamped one mile south of Saluda River. February 18, moved at 8. 10 a. m. and crossed the Saluda River, waited with division until 1. 40 p. m. to cover taking up of pontoon bridge, then covering the wagons, moved toward Broad River, seven miles and a half, and went into a most smoky and suffocating camp. February 19, at 7. 30 a. m., moved out with the division four miles on the Newberry road, the division relieving a division of the Fourteenth Corps. At 1 p. m. moved back, taking a cross-road, muddy and miry, to within one mile of Broad River. February 20, moved at 3. 15 p. m. ; crossed the Broad River, guarding wagon trains, toward Winnsborough, on a road not laid down. February 21, at 7. 15 a. m. moved to Winnsborough unencumbered, and massed for dinner outside and south of the town; then marched through the town and three miles beyond it on the Rocky Mount road. February 22, at 7 a. m. marched unencumbered and crossed the Wateree Creek and moved to Rocky Mount on the Wateree River, and at 12 o'clock that night the brigade crossed the river and bivouacked. At 7. 30 a. m., the 23rd, moved three miles north of river on the Lancaster road and encamped for the day. At the river Lieutenant-Colonel Winkler, Twenty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, hearing of two Union officers, escaped prisoners, who were secreted in this vicinity, was directed to send a company for them, and succeeded in bringing them safely to our Army. February 24, marched all day guarding trains about one mile and a half; weather rainy; roads very bad. Three regiments of brigade, One hundred and thirty-sixth New York, Seventy-third Ohio, and Twentieth Connecticut Infantry, engaged nearly all day in corduroying the road. February 25, moved at 6. 30 a. m. (raining), and then was ordered back

