
to camp. Tents pitched, and at 9 a. m. moved out, and the brigade corduroyed the road from camp of previous night to Russell's Store, where the Lancaster and Camden road crosses, a distance of three miles and a quarter, and at night went into camp at the latter place. February 26, at 8 a. m., struck camp as ordered; moved out on Lancaster road; was ordered back; camp pitched again, and at 10. 45 a. m. moved out again and marched to Hanging Rock and encamped. February 27, received marching orders, also orders countermanding the same, and remained all day in camp of night before, while the wagons were being crossed over Hanging Rock Creek. February 28, at 10 a. m., crossed Hanging Rock Creek and waited until 4 p. m. for the wagons to start; then moved with them half a mile, where they (the wagons) parked until 6. 30 p. m., and then moved on with wagons until 12. 30 o'clock, and bivouacked at a point two miles south of Little Lynch's Creek.

March 1, at 6. 45 a. m., moved and crossed Little Lynch's Creek, covered wagons, and then moved on to Lynch's Creek, crossed it, and encamped two miles beyond. March 2, at 6. 30, moved forward to Black Creek with wagons, and after waiting several hours to repair the bridge over that creek, crossed and encamped that night from three to four miles beyond. March 3, at 7. 45, moved with wagons toward Chesterfield Court-House, which place was reached, over bad roads, at 4 p. m., where the brigade encamped for the night. March 4, moved unencumbered on the Sneedsborough road to Westfield Creek, and there took a by-road to Grady's farm, where the brigade encamped that night and the following day. March 6, marched to Cheraw. At 2. 45 that night crossed the Great Pedee at that place, and moved on four miles to bivouac. At 10. 20 a. m. on the 7th moved northeasterly fourteen miles and encamped. March 8, at 8. 30 a. m., moved north and easterly eight miles. March 9, moved to within one mile of Lumber River, corduroyed a piece of swamp, and encamped. March 10, at 7 a. m., guarding wagons; moved on difficult roads; crossed Lumber River after considerable delay, massed on the north side of it for several hours, and then with wagons moved on six or seven miles in the general direction of Fayetteville, N. C. March 11, at 6. 30 a. m. (unencumbered), moved; crossed Rockfish Creek on a by-road; struck the Fayetteville plank road at 4 p. m., and encamped that night, at 8 p. m, one mile and a half from Fayetteville, where the brigade remained until the 13th, when, marching through the town of Fayetteville, it crossed the Cape Fear River, and encamped four miles beyond on the Fayetteville and Raleigh wagon road. There two regiments of the brigade, the Fifty-fifth Ohio and Thirty-third Massachusetts Infantry, were sent forward that night two miles farther on that road as an advance outpost.

March 14, the brigade was ordered to make a reconnaissance on the Raleigh road to Taylor's Hole Creek, and on the Goldsborough or Tarborough road to the South or Black River. At 9 a. m. the brigade moved out in light marching order, leaving its camps behind and reaching the advance camps of Fifty-fifth Ohio and Thirty-third Massachusetts, was joined by them, and also the One hundred and second Illinois Volunteer Infantry, First Brigade of this division, Major Clay commanding, moved to the Goldsborough or Tarborough road. The Fifty-fifth and Seventy-third Ohio, and Twenty-sixth Wisconsin and One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hurst, Seventy-third Ohio, were ordered to proceed on the latter road to Great Creek, and Colonel Hurst was directed

