
moved at 6 a. m. ; crossed the Mattapony and Po Rivers; passed through Spotsylvania Court-House, and camped about 6 p. m. Chancellorsville; distance, nineteen miles. May 16, moved at 5. 30 a. m. ; crossed the Rappahannock at United States Ford; passed Hartwood Church and the Spotted Tavern, and camped on Town Creek at 7. 30 p. m., having accomplished a distance of twenty-two miles. May 17, marched seventeen miles and camped at Brentsville at 5. 30 p. m. May 18, marched twenty miles through Fairfax Station and camped at 3 p. m. May 19, marched nine miles and went into permanent camp four miles from Alexandria. May 20,21, 22, and 23, remained quiet. May 24, under orders to pass in review, the command broke camp at 7 a. m. and moved with its division toward Washington; crossed the Long Bridge, passed in review, and, marching through the city out the Bladensburg pike, went into permanent camp three miles from the capitol, on the western bank of the Annacostia or Eastern Branch of the Potomac. Since this last date the brigade has remained quiet, all the officers being busily engaged in preparing for the payment, muster out, or transfer of their men.

This report closes the operations of the brigade from Goldsborough N. C., up to the present time, and I might say is the final and last report of its operations. The Twentieth Connecticut, Twenty-sixth Wisconsin, Thirty-third Massachusetts, and One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Infantry, by reason of existing orders from War Department, and the termination of the war, in a few days at furthest, report to their respective States for final muster out and discharge, while the Fifty-fifth Ohio and Seventy-third Ohio Infantry Veteran organizations, the only remaining regiments of the brigade, are awaiting orders to report to Louisville, Ky., for duty in the west.

This, then, will terminate and end the organization of the Third Brigade, Third Division, Twentieth Corps, Army of Georgia. I think that the history of each regiment in this brigade, as well as the history and record of this organization as a brigade through all its and their different changes, may be studied with interest and pride by the Government, as well as by friends. Each regiment, as well as the brigade itself, may compare its records with any in the service and have no cause to blush.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. COGSWELL,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain F. C. CRAWFORD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 198. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Philo B. Buckingham, Twentieth Connecticut Infantry, of operations January 16-March 24.
HDQRS. TWENTIETH CONNECTICUT VOL. INFTY.,THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,

LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA,

Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment from the 16th of January to the 24th day of March inclusive:

On the 16th of January the regiment was in camp on Hardee's plantation, six miles north of Savannah, under orders to be ready to move

