
the following day. On the 17th the regiment, with the brigade and division, moved from camp and marched to Hardeeville, about ten miles, where it encamped and remained till the morning of the 29th, when the march was again resumed at 7 p. [a.] m. on the road to Robertsville. Distance marched, about seventeen miles, when we halted at 3 p. m. and remained over night. 30th, marched at 7 a. m., went about nine miles, and went into camp at about noon near Robertsville. 31st, moved out of camp at 8 a. m., marched about three miles, and went into camp on the road leading from Robertsville to Sister's Ferry, where we remained till the 2nd of February.

February 2, marched at 7 a. m. on the road to Lawtonville, and, when near that place, found the enemy in small force behind intrenchments across the road, with a thick swamp in his front. This division formed in line of battle, Third Brigade on the left and the Twentieth Connecticut on the left of the second line. After brief skirmishing the enemy retired precipitately, and the regiment, with the brigade and division, went into camp in line of battle for the night. Marched at 7 a. m. on the morning of the 3rd, passed through Lawtonville, made fifteen miles, and halted for the night. On the 4th the march was resumed at 7 a. m., and, after having made about ten miles, encamped for the night one mile east of Allendale. On the 5th, made about twelve miles, and on the 6th, crossed the Big Salkehatchie River, where the enemy had thrown and burnt Buford's Bridge, but had been compelled to evacuate their works by the movements of other portions of the Army, and, after marching about fifteen miles, halted for the night. 7th, marched about eight miles, and on the 8th, about two miles, when we reached the Charleston and Augusta Railroad, near Graham's Station, and the regiment, with the brigade, was engaged all day in tearing up the railroad track, burning the cross ties, and twisting the rails. 9th, marched about fourteen miles along the railroad track in a northwesterly direction, passing through Blackville, where we halted for dinner, and about 2 p. m. again went to work destroying the railroad track, working till dark, when we went into camp for the night. 10th, marched at 7 a. m. through Williston to White Pond, twelve miles, and again worked until dark, tearing up and destroying the railroad track almost to Windsor, 105 miles from Charleston. 11th, marched at 7 a. m. back to Williston, where we took the road north toward Davis' Mill, on the Edisto River, which we reached about 4 p. m., having made about twelve miles, when we halted for the night. 12th, broke camp at 7 a. m. and crossed the Edisto River on a bridge built by a regiment of Michigan Engineers during the night, the men having to wade for half a mile on the north side of the river through water eighteen inches or two feet deep, and during the night ice had made of considerable thickness and the ground frozen quite hard; distance made to-day, about fifteen miles. 13th, marched at 8 a. m. ; crossed the North Edisto near Williamson's Mill, and halted for the night six miles north of the river, and on the 14th marched six miles, and reached the cross-roads leading to Augusta, Lexington Court-House, and Columbia, when we again bivouacked for the night. 15th, left camp at 8 a. m. ; marched to within two miles of Lexington Court-House, when we turned to the right, taking the road to Columbia; and on the 16th, about 4 p. m., encamped about one mile and a half south of the Saluda River and in sight of Columbia. 17th, marched at 10 a.m. in a northwesterly direction about six miles, and encamped on the south bank of the Saluda River for the night.

