
On the morning of the 18th we crossed the Saluda River on a pontoon bridge, taking a northerly direction, and on the 19th reached Broad River, where we bivouacked for the night, making in the two days about eighteen miles. On the 20th, marched at 3 p. m. ; crossed Broad River and the Spartanburg railroad, where we halted till nearly sunset; then marched eight miles, reaching camp about midnight. 21st, took the road toward Winnsborough at 7 a. m. ; reached that place about noon; passed through the town and encamped for the night three miles north on the road to Rocky Mount. On the 22nd we reached Rocky Mount and encamped half a mile south of the Wateree River, having marched about seventeen miles. At about midnight the men were roused and we crossed the river on a pontoon bridge, which had been laid in the first part of the night, and, after moving some two miles, about 3 a. m. the men lay down and slept until daylight, when we marched about six miles and went into camp. On the 24th we only moved about three miles, the previous rain compelling us to corduroy the road the whole distance, and on the 25th marched about the same distance, this brigade corduroying the road as the day previous. 26th, made about six miles in the direction of Hanging Rock, and on the 27th remained in camp all day. On the 28th, marched about six miles through mud and rain, reaching camp about midnight, and on the 1st of March went about sixteen miles and encamped two miles north of Lynch's Creek.

On the 2nd, the regiment was engaged during the afternoon in building corduroy road and only marched about four miles, and onhed ten miles and reached Chesterfield about 4. 30 p. m. 4th, marched ten miles on the road toward Sneedsborough and went into camp near the Great Pedee River about 1. 30 p. m. ; we remained until the morning of the of the 7th, when we crossed the Great Pedee River on pontoons and halted about daylight six miles from the river. Resumed the march at 10. 30 a. m. ; took the road toward Laurel Hill; made fourteen miles and halted for the night. 8th, resumed the march at 7 a. m. ; marched about ten miles and halted eight miles from Lumber River for the night, and on the following day reached the river and encamped on the west side. 10th, marched at 6. 30 a. m. ; crossed Lumber River and reached camp about 11. 30 p. m., having marched about ten miles, and on the following day took the road toward Fayetteville, which place we reached about dark and went into camp, having marched about twenty miles. Sunday, the 12th, remained in camp all day. On the 13th we crossed Cape Fear River and encamped five miles north of it. On the 14th the regiment, with the brigade, was ordered out on a reconnaissance; leaving camp about 9 a. m. in light marching order, we proceeded north on the road to Raleigh, and, after marching about five miles the command was divided, a portion moving by a road to the right and three regiments proceeding on the road toward Raleigh. This regiment moved with the last-mentioned portion of the command, going as far as Silver Run, in all about ten miles from camp, and five companies, viz, I, H, D, K, and G, were sent to the front as an advance guard, and were engaged skirmishing the last three miles of the march for some three hours, driving the skirmishers of the enemy before them and compelling him to move a piece of artillery to the rear and into works, where their skirmishers were also compelled finally to take refuge. Here the enemy were found to be in strong force (at least a brigade, with three pieces of artillery), and the object of the reconnaissance having

