
the river. 24th, broke camp at 5 a. m., and took the road to Goldsborough, which we reached about 10 a. m., passed through the town, and went into camp three miles north of the same.

During this day four privates belonging to this regiment, attached to the headquarters guard at Left Wing headquarters, were captured by the enemy while out foraging, viz: Private William E. Latham, Company C; Private Patrick Cotter, Company D; Private William H. Bailey, Company I; Private Peter Duffy, Company K.

Recapitulation of losses during campaign: Killed, commissioned officers, none; enlisted men, 6; wounded, commissioned officers, 4; enlisted men, 45; missing, in action, 2; while foraging, 15; aggregate, 72. Of the wounded 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men have since died of their wounds. Four enlisted men on the 19th received slight wounds (contusions), not disabling them for duty, and were not reported among the list of casualties.

The regiment has marched more than 500 miles during the campaign, destroyed miles of railroad track, was engaged in corduroying the roads almost daily, in mud and rain, it has burned something over 1,300 bales of cotton, captured more prisoners than it has lost, captured seventy-five horses and mules, procured the forage from the country for all the animals, both public and private, which have been in its possession during the campaign, captured and supplied itself with about 8,000 rations of breadstuffs, 6,000 rations of salt and molasses, and 12,000 rations of meat.

The men have endured cold and wet, hunger and fatigue, they were poorly supplied with clothing at the commencement of the campaign, many of them before its termination had become almost naked and entirely barefooted, yet like veteran soldiers as they are, they have marched on, never repining or complaining, constantly keeping in view but one object, success. Under the watchful care of a kind Providence, and the skill of our great leader, we have triumphed over every obstacle, and made a campaign, which, when the history shall be made up, will be looked upon as no less wonderful than it has been successful. The soldier who has endured the hardships of this campaign, productive of such vast results, and who, although having license to take from the country through which we have passed subsistence for himself and comrades, and yet maintaining discipline, has restrained himself from lawlessness and from crime, as the soldiers of this army have done deserves to have his name enrolled in the Legion of Honor. The men composing this army deserve well of their country.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PHILO B. BUCKINGHAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain H. G. H. TARR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. TWENTIETH CONNECTICUT VOL. INFANTRY,In the Field, near Fayetteville, N. C., March 15, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of troops placed under my command on the 14th instant, for the purpose of making a reconnaissance of the road in front toward Silver Run and Taylor's Hole Creek:

The whole command moved out of camp together, under the charge of Bvt. Brigadier General William Cogswell, and after proceeding in a northerly

