
fulness and alacrity with which they performed every duty. No troops could have done better in the face of an enemy undoubtedly superior to us in numbers. I am satisfied that at least a brigade of cavalry, with three pieces of artillery, was in our front.

The following are the casualties: Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers-killed, none; wounded, First Lieutenant Edward J. Murray, Company K, severely (hip); Private Morris S. Bailey, Company D, severely (leg). No casualties occurred in either of the other regiments.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PHILO B. BUCKINGHAM,

Lieutenant Colonel Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers, Commanding Forces.

Captain H. G. H. TARR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 199. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Elisha Doane, Thirty-third Massachusetts Infantry, of operations January 16-March 24.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD MASSACHUSETTS VOL. INFANTRY,Goldsborough, N. C., March 27, 1865.

January 16, 1865, the Thirty-third Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry being in camp at Cheves' farm, Beaufort District, S. C., received orders to break camp and march the ensuing morning. In accordance with these orders the tents were struck and the regiment took up the line of march at 8 a. m. January 17. Reached Hardeeville at 1 p. m. and encamped. Further supplies of clothing being necessary for the men and the weather proving exceedingly unfavorable, the regiment remained here until January 29. At 7 a. m., January 29, where we march and proceeded to the vicinity of Sister's Ferry, where we remained in camp one day (February 1) awaiting further supplies.

February 2, marched at 7 a. m. and arrived near Lawtonville about the middle of the afternoon. The enemy having attacked our advance, we were halted at this point and formed in line of battle, the First Division forming the first line, and the third closed en masse acting as supports. After remaining in position a short time, no enemy appearing we were withdrawn and went into camp. February 8, having reached the Augusta railroad the night before, we commenced destroying the road. Continued on the road until February 11, when we marched from White Pond in an east-northeasterly direction. February 16, arrived within two miles of Columbia; crossed the Saluda February 18; passed through Winnsborough February 21. February 22, reached Rocky Mount about 3 p. m. and encamped. At 12 that night crossed the Wateree. February 27, remained all day at Hanging Rock, which point we reached the afternoon of February 26.

March 3, encamped near Sneedsborough, N. C., and remained until 10 a. m. March 5, when we resumed our march. There being no bridge at this point, we were compelled to retrace our steps to Cheraw in order to cross the river. March 7, crossed the Great Pedee at 3 a. m. Encamped at sundown, near the Wilmington and Laurel Hill Railroad. March 12, in camp all day near Fayetteville. March 13, passed through Fayetteville and crossed the Cape Fear River. Went into camp about 3.

