
Just after dark this regiment and the Fifty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry struck tents and advanced about four miles and encamped for the night. The next morning the remainder of the regiments composing the brigade came up, and the whole advanced about six miles upon the reconnaissance in force. The enemy was found strongly intrenched in front. Some skirmishing occurred in which, however, the Thirty-third, being in the rear, took no part. The regiment returned to its camp of the morning at dark, and, after a short halt, returned to the camp of the day before and rejoined the brigade. March 16, marched at 6 a. m. Shortly after heavy firing commenced in front. Advanced about two miles and formed line of battle, the Thirty-third taking position on the extreme right of the brigade. Two companies were immediately deployed as skirmishers and the conflict became general. After remaining in this position several hours our line advanced about a mile, the enemy having fallen back to a fortified position. Heavy skirmishing continued throughout the day until dark, when the firing ceased.

In this engagement the Thirty-third lost 1 officer and 11 men wounded (1 mortally).

The enemy having withdrawn during the night the march was resumed the next morning, the Third Division marching to Averasborough, about three miles distant, where it remained until the morning of the 18th. March 18, marched at 7 a. m. ; overtook the train about midday, and continued marching with it until 4 o'clock the next morning. March 19, marched at 9 a. m., guarding the train. About 1 p. m. heavy firing being heard in front, we left the trains and pushed rapidly forward. After marching about three miles, the Third Division, together with the First, arrived on the ground where the Fourteenth Corps was hotly engaged with the enemy. This brigade immediately formed line of battle by battalion en masse in rear of the First Division, which was then supporting the Fourteenth Corps, the Thirty-third taking position on the right. Soon after our brigade was detached from the division and ordered to a position in the front line, for the purpose of occupying a gap between two divisions of the Fourteenth Corps. The Thirty-third was placed in the second line for the purpose of protecting the right flank; the enemy in the meantime making several unsuccessful attempts to break our lines. Two companies were immediately deployed as skirmishers to cover our right flank. The musketry continued with great rapidity until after dark, when it gradually ceased. The men were then ordered to construct works, as the enemy was reported to be in heavy force in our front. The pickets were quiet through the night, no firing taking place. In this engagement we lost five men wounded. At 10 a. m. the following day the brigade was relieved by the Fourteenth Corps, and marched to join its division on the left. Here we remained until 3 p. m., when we removed still farther to the left and fortified. We immediately established pickets and remained quiet through the night. On the morning of the 22nd, the Thirty-third, with the Twenty-sixth Wisconsin, made a reconnaissance of the extreme right of the enemy; some shots were exchanged, after which we returned to our works, with the loss of one enlisted man wounded. In the afternoon we returned to our position of the previous day. March 23, broke camp at 5 a. m. and resumed our march; crossed the Neuse River and encamped a short distance beyond. Broke camp the next morning at 4 a. m. Passed through Goldsborough, where we were reviewed by General Sherman, and reached our present camp a Little past noon.

