
camping on the north bank of Cape Fear River. The regiment was with the brigade in the reconnaissance of March 14. No casualties were sustained by the regiment in that reconnaissance, although 1 captain and 6 men were captured by the enemy on the same day from our forage detail.

The regiment was with the brigade in the skirmish on the 16th, sustaining considerable loss on the skirmish line. The regiment was also with the brigade in the more several engagement of the 19th instant, where we were at first deployed, as we were given to understand, in support of the Fourteenth Corps. At or about 6 p. m. the regiment, as part of the brigade, was ordered to advance and make a feint attack, in conjunction with Morgan's division of the Fourteenth Army Corps, who, as soon as we struck the enemy in our front, was to charge and recover ground that had been lost earlier in the day. The ground in front of this regiment was swampy and filled with water knee-deep. On the proper command being given this regiment advanced with the brigade into and nearly through the swamp, when, encountering a heavy fire from the enemy, who were in our front in force, the line halted and commenced firing, which was kept up until nearly 9 p. m. Major H. L. Arnold, commanding the regiment, was severely wounded immediately after the advance was ordered and borne from the field. The command of the regiment having thus devolved upon me, I reformed the regiment, which was badly broken up and scattered, and, after the firing had in a measure died away, established the line on the other side of the swamp on dry ground. Thence I was ordered by the brigade commander to withdraw the regiment by companies, successively, to the side of the swamp from which we had started, where a new line was established and protective works thrown up. We were relieved in this position by a brigade of the Fourteenth Corps before noon of the 20th instant and taken to the rear, and thence to the left of our line, where we were again deployed and erected works. From this position we were withdrawn in the afternoon of the 21st instant and taken to the rear of the corps. The regiment marched with the brigade and division in the morning of the 22nd in the direction of Goldsborough, crossing the Neuse River at Cox's Bridge on the 23rd and entering Goldsborough in the morning of the 24th.

We have drawn from the country and issued to this command some 5,000 pounds of flour, 1,350 pounds of meal, 1,750 pounds of ham, 4,650 pounds of side meat, 134 bushels of sweet potatoes, 3,520 pounds of beans or pease, 55 pounds of tobacco, and 55,400 pounds of corn. We have captured and turned in to Captain Beardsley 18 horses and mules.

I append a list of the casualties of the regiment during the campaign. *

I do not know that a single bale of cotton has been burned by any member of this command.

G. H. ELDRIDGE,

Captain, Commanding 136th New York Volunteer Infantry.

Captain H. G. H. TARR,

Acting Assistant Adjut-General, Third Brigade.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 enlisted men killed, 2 commissioned officers and 41 enlisted men wounded, 1 commissioned officer and 6 enlisted men captured.

---------------

