
Numbers 201. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edwin H. Powers, Fifty-fifth Ohio Infantry, of operations January 16-March 24.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FIFTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 26, 1865.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to circular of the 26th instant I have the honor to submit the following detail of operations, &amp;c., of this regiment from January 16 to March 24, 1865, inclusive:

The regiment marched from Saint Mary's, Beaufort District, S. C., to Hardeeville, S. C., January 16, 1865, where it remained in camp until January 29, when it marched toward Robertsville, reaching that place on the 30th, where it remained in camp until the morning of the 2nd of February, when the regiment marched to near Lawtonville, S. C., where it bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 3rd resumed the march toward Graham's Turnout, on the South Carolina Railroad, at which place it arrived on the evening of the 7th of March, having marched via Duck Branch and Allendale. Having struck the railroad at Graham's Turnout, the regiment was engaged destroying railroad between that point and White Pond until the morning of the 11th, when it left the railroad at Williston and marched in the direction of Columbia, S. C., crossing the Edisto River on the 12th and the North Edisto on the 13th of February; arrived at opposite Columbia February 16. On the 17th the regiment marched in the direction of Winnsborough, at which place it arrived on the 21st, having crossed the Saluda River on the 18th and the Broad River on the 20th. Marched to Rocky Mount, on the Catawba River, on the 22nd, which river it crossed at 1 a. m. of the 23rd. Resumed the march on the following morning, and arrived at Hanging Rock, S. C., on the 26th. Continued the march from Hanging Rock on the 28th in the direction of Chesterfield Court-House, arriving at that place on the 3rd of March.

On the 4th, marched to Sneedsborough, N. C., and to Cheraw, S. C., the 6th, at which place crossed the Great Pedee River. On the morning of the 7th resumed the march toward Fayetteville, N. C., where it arrived on the morning of the 11th, remaining in camp until the 13th, when the regiment crossed the Cape Fear River and camped for the night six miles northeast of Fayetteville. On the 14th this regiment, with the brigade, made a reconnaissance to Black River, where the enemy were encountered, when seven companies of this regiment were deployed as skirmishers, and engaged the enemy for about twenty minutes, losing 1 man killed and 1 wounded, after which the regiment was withdrawn and returned to camp. On the following day resumed the march in the direction of Goldsborough. Meeting the enemy on the 16th at Smith's farm, this regiment was engaged during the greater portion of the afternoon, losing in killed 4; wounded, 32. On the 19th this regiment was again engaged with the enemy near Mill Creek, N. C., losing in killed 3; wounded, 24; captured, 1.

On the 22nd resumed the march toward Goldsborough, N. C., at which place it arrived on the 24th instant.

This command during the campaign has destroyed by burning about 600 bales of cotton, and foraged from the country about 4,000 pounds of meal, 2,000 pounds of flour, 200 bushels of potatoes, 8,000 pounds of

