
meats of all kinds, 500 bushels of corn, and 125 animals, including those taken by Company K of this regiment, now detached at corps headquarters.

Accompanying this report is a list of casualties* in this regiment since January 16, 1865.

E. H. POWERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fifty-fifth Ohio Vol. Infty.

Captain H. G. H. TARR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 202. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel H. Hurst, Seventy-third Ohio Infantry, of operations January 16-March 24.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-THIRD OHIO VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to submit a report of the part taken by this command in the operations of the late campaign, including the engagements of the 16th and 19th instant:

On the 16th day of January, 1865, this regiment was encamped at Fort Hardee, Beaufort District, S. C. On the following day it was moved to Hardeeville, on the Charleston and Savannah Railroad. Here it remained in camp until the 29th day of January, when, with the brigade, it was moved to Robertsville.

On the 1st day of February the regiment was engaged in work upon the road from Sister's Ferry to Robertsville, and on the 2nd marched to Lawtonville. Pursuing the line of march northward, we crossed the Big and Little Salkehatchie Rivers and reached the Charleston and Augusta Railroad near Graham's Turnout on the 7th of February. On the 8th, 9th, and 10th we were engaged in destroying the railroad from Graham's Turnout west to White Pond. On the 11th we marched back to Williston and northward to the Edisto River. On the 13th we crossed the North Edisto, and on the 16th arrived in front of Columbia. Moving up the Saluda River we crossed that stream and the Broad River, and on the 20th [21st] marched through Winnsborough. Another day brought us to the Catawba River, after crossing which our advance was greatly impeded by heavy rains. March 3, we reached Chesterfield, and on the 7th passed through Cheraw and crossed the Great Pedee. We reached Fayetteville, N. C., March 11, and rested till the 13th, when we crossed the Cape Fear. On the 14th we joined the brigade on a reconnaissance to Black River and engaged the enemy in a sharp skirmish. On the 15th the line of march northward was resumed, and the following day we met the enemy near Averasborough. In the engagement of the 16th this regiment held the right center of the brigade line and skirmished heavily. Two to four companies were constantly on the skirmish line. Ten prught in. The casualties in the regiment were 9 enlisted men wounded. On the 19th, when this command reached the battlefield, it was massed in reserve for an hour, and then with the brigade was moved to the right and forward against the enemy in an extensive pine wood. This regi-

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 6 men killed, 1 officer and 57 men wounded, 1 officer and 7 men captured.

---------------

