
ville that day, we were left as part of a guard for a supply train then loading. On the 18th we marched as a convoy to this train to Hardeeville, S. C., there rejoined the brigade, and went into camp, where we remained till January 29, when we started for Robertsville, which place we reached about noon the 30th ultimo.

Here we found two days' more rest, and then on the morning of February 2, communication with the rear being severed, entered upon the long march. On the morning of the 3rd we passed through Lawtonville, and the evening of the 4th camped near Allendale. Here my first forage party came in, bringing an abundance of supplies. We continued our march without interruption; on the morning of the 6th crossed the Big Salkehatchie at Buford's Bridge. The 7th, crossed Little Salkehatchie at Dowling's Mills, and in the evening reached the railroad about one mile east of Graham's Turnout. Worked at the destruction of the railroad west of Graham's on the 8th. On the 9th we marched west to a couple of miles beyond Blackville, and worked vigorously at the destruction of the railroad till night. The 10th, we marched to White Pond and continued the same work, leaving off at night at the Thirty-third Mile Post from Augusta. The next day left the railroad and resumed our march northward. The 12th, crossed the South Fork of the Edisto, on the 13th the North Fork, and on the 16th came in sight of the capital of South Carolina. Thence marching westward a piece on the 17th, we crossed the Saluda on the 18th, and Broad River the 20th. Passed through Winnsborough the 21st and arrived on the banks of the Catawba River the 22nd and crossed on a pontoon bridge the same night. On the 26th we arrived at Hanging Rock, where remained the next day.

Resumed our journey on the 28th and arrived at Chesterfield March 3, and to the Great Pedee, near Sneedsborough, N. C., on the 4th, where we remained the 5th. On this day 1 officer and 10 enlisted men, part of a forage party engaged in grinding corn at a mill, were captured by a rebel cavalry force disguised as Union foragers. March 6, marched to Cheraw and there crossed the Great Pedee the ensuing night. The 10th we got across a series of swamps and the Lumber River and reached the city of Fayetteville the 11th; we moved through the city and across the Cape Fear the 13th. Went on a reconnaissance to Black River the 14th and marched northward on the Raleigh plank road the 15th. Continued this march on the 16th, but soon came upon the enemy and became engaged in a hot skirmish, which continued till night, the enemy being driven from two lines of lighter works to his main line of breast-works. The regiment lost in this skirmish 2 officers killed, 5 enlisted men killed, and 10 wounded. The next day, the enemy having left, we marched over his works to Averasborough, where my regiment took position on the Smithfield road. The 18th, changed our route to the eastward and crossed Black River. In the afternoon of the 19th we came upon the enemy in force, troops in advance of us being already fighting. We were first formed as a reserve in rear of the First Division, Twentieth Army Corps, but soon moved with the brigade to the right of that division. Advancing in line, the brigade soon met the enemy and a severe engagement ensued, which continued till dark, when the enemy withdrew, leaving his dead on the field.

My regiment was in the second line throughout the engagement; gave no fire and received but a light one at the hands of the enemy, by which 1 enlisted man was killed and 4 wounded. The next morning we moved back to our first position; in the afternoon moved to the left flank and there intrenched. On the morning of the 21st moved out in

