
farther up the road. Toward evening we returned to Ennis' Cross-roads, where I had left forty men to guard the rear, and camped there for the night. The next morning (25th) we proceeded on the Sister's Ferry road to Grahamville without meeting the enemy. This road is unobstructed, dry, and in good condition. At Grahamville we were met by some of General Foster's cavalry. At 12 m. we left Grahamville, marching for camp on the Charleston and Purysburg road. The great swamp bridges at Ferebeeville we found temporarily repaired for us by the pioneers of the Third Division, and after crossing the same we continued on the main road for about four miles, when I left the main road with the men of the First and Third Brigades and proceeded to camp on a side road. The men of the Second Brigade continued on the main road to Purysburg. We reached our camps at Hardeeville at 5 p. m. We saw a number of cattle, sheep, and hogs on the road, but found forage for animals scarce. The Charleston road, as far as I went on it, is unobstructed, but in places very miry and almost impassable, especially for teams.

We suffered no casualties.

I have the honor, captain, to remain, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS LACKNER,

Major Twenty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry.

Captain JOHN SPEED,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 205. Report of Major John A. Reynolds, First New York Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery, of operations January 17-March 24.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the artillery of this corps during the recent campaign:

Battery I, First New York Artillery, Captain Winegar, left Savannah, Ga., on the 17th of January and joined the Third Division, General Ward, at Hardeeville. Battery M, First New York, Lieutenant Newkirk, and Battery C, First Ohio, Lieutenant Stephens, left on the 18th of January with the First Division, General Jackson, and Battery E, Independent Pennsylvania Artillery, on the 27th instant, with the Second Division, General Geary. A few shots were fired by Battery M, First New York Artillery, at Robertsville, January 29, and by Battery I, First New York Artillery, near Lawtonville, February 2, the enemy attempting to hold the road and check our advance.

On the 2nd of March our skirmishers drove the enemy through Chesterfield; they burned the bridge across Thompson's Creek, about one mile from town, and as our troops advanced, opened on them with artillery. One section of Batteries I, First New York, and C, First Ohio Artillery, took position and soon compelled them to withdraw their battery. On the 16th instant the enemy were found to be in position behind a line of works near Averasborough. Batteries I and M, First New York Artillery, and C, First Ohio Artillery, took position in an orchard to the left of the road, about 500 yards from the enemy's line. They soon silenced their artillery, blowing up one limber, killing all the horses, and driving the cannoneers from their piece.

