
Casualties.

 Taken	 Wound	 Died	 Hors

Command. 	 priso	 ed. 	 of	 es

 ner. 	 	 disea	 woun

 	 	 se. 	 ded.

Battery I, First New York	 4	 ---	 ---	 3

Artillery

Battery M, First New York	 5	 ---	 1	 ---

Artillery

Battery C, First Ohio Artillery	 -	 1	 ---	 ---

Battery E, Independence	 6	 ---	 ---	 ---

Pennsylvania Artillery

Total	 15	 1	 1	 3

I send herewith reports of battery commanders, all of which are respectfully submitted.

I remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. REYNOLDS,

Major and Chief of Artillery, Twentieth Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Corps.

Numbers 206. Report of Captain Charles E. Winegar, First New York Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery, of operations April 10-May 27.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Near Washington, D. C., May 27, 1865.

COLONEL: In compliance with circular from corps headquarters, dated May 25, 1865, I have the honor to submit the following report of the batteries under my command, also the reports of the different officers commanding batteries, which I herewith inclose:

At 6 a. m. on the morning of April 10, 1865, the batteries broke camp near Goldsborough, N. C. ; about 10 a. m. came up to the enemy's cavalry posted in a dense wood. One section of Knap's (Pennsylvania) battery was ordered forward on the skirmish line; after firing a few shots they withdrew to take up other positions. This they continued to do during the day, we driving them as often as they took positions. During the day we crossed Pole Cat and Moccasin Creeks, having a very lively skirmish at the latter place, but with no casualties; using during the day's skirmish sixteen rounds of ammunition; closing the day by bivouacking on Atkinson's plantation. On the morning of the 11th we resumed our march toward Raleigh, crossing Boorden's Creek, arriving at Smithfield at 12 m., camping here for the night. On the morning of the 12th we started at 5 a. m. toward Raleigh, where we arrived on the 13th, crossing en route the Neuse River, Swift Creek twice, once about two miles from Smithfield, the other time about fourteen miles. On the 22nd the corps was reviewed by Major-General Sherman. On the 25th the batteries moved up to Jones' Cross-Roads, having remained in Raleigh since the 13th. Left Jones' Cross-Roads on the 28th, and returned to Raleigh, where we remained until the morning of April 30. April 30, took up our line of march in the direction of Richmond, Va., crossing en route the Neuse, Tar, Roanoke, Meherrin,

