
Big and Little Nottoway, and Appomattox Rivers, passing through Williamsborough and Blacks and Whites, and camping on Falling Creek, about seven miles from Richmond.

May 11, resumed march toward Alexandria, Va., passing through Manchester, across the James River, through Richmond, camping near Cloud's Mills, crossing en route the South Anna, New Found, Little, North Anna, Mat, Ta, Po, Rappahannock, and Bull Run Rivers, passing through the towns of Ashland, Spotsylvania, Chancellorsville, Brentsville, and Fairfax Station. On the morning of May 24 passed Fairfax Seminary, crossing the Potomac River at Long Bridge, passing in review through the city of Washington, up Pennsylvania avenue, thence to our present camp about three miles from the Capitol building on the Bladensburg pike, where the batteries now remain.

Memoranda: Horses lost on campaign, 141; horses drawn from quartermaster's department, 3; corn taken, 200 bushels; bacon taken, 100 pounds; flour taken, 100 pounds; meal taken, 100 pounds.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

CHAS. E. WINEGAR,

Captain and Chief of Artillery.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Corps.

Numbers 207. Reports of Captain Charles E. Winegar, Battery I, First New York Light Artillery, of operations January 18-March 25.
HDQRS. BATTERY I, FIRST NEW YORK ARTILLERY,Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with instructions from artillery headquarters, Twentieth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of engagements participated in by this battery during the recent campaign just closed; also tabular statement showing casualties and kinds of ammunition used:

The battery broke camp at Savannah, Ga., January 18, 1865, crossing the river at that point and joining the Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, at Hardeeville, S. C. During the day one section under Lieutenant Scott was sent down to the river at Purysburg and put in position remaining there until the morning of January 29, 1865, when the battery again broke camp, marching with the troops of the Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, until the afternoon of February 2, 1865. When near Lawtonville, S. C., found the enemy's dismounted cavalry strongly posted in the skirts of a dense swamp, when one section was ordered by Major J. A. Reynolds to be brought forward and put in position, firing twelve rounds with no casualties.

The command was not again engaged until March 2, 1865, when a section was placed in position on a hill, near Chesterfield Court-House, S. C., where the enemy was strongly posted on the opposite side of Johnson's [Thompson's?] Creek, both with artillery and dismounted cavalry; after firing thirteen rounds caused him to withdraw his artillery without loss to us. On the morning of the 3rd day of March we again moved with the troops of the Twentieth Army Corps, marching with the different divisions until the morning of the 16th day of March,

54 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

