
report of the operations of battery I, First New York Artillery, since leaving Goldsborough, N. C. ;

The command left camp at 6 a. m. on the morning of the 10th of April, marching in a northwesterly direction toward Raleigh, which place we reached at about 12 m. April 13, crossing the Moccasin and Swift Creeks en route, passing through the village of Smithfield. Remained in camp until the morning of April 25, when we marched to Jones' Cross-Roads, bivouacking two days. The command returned to Raleigh preparatory to a movement northward. Left the State capital on the morning of April 30, moving in the direction of Richmond, crossing en route the Neuse, Tar, Roanoke, Meherrin, Big and Little Nottoway, and Appomattox Rivers, passing through Williamsborough and Blacks and Whites, and camped in the vicinity of Manchester, Va., May 9, 1865.

Resumed march May 11, passing through Manchester, across James River, through Richmond in a northerly direction toward Alexandria camping near Fairfax Seminary, May 19, crossing en route the South Anna, New Found, and Little, North Anna, Po, Rappahannock, and Bul Run, passing through Ashland, Brentsville, and Fairfax Station.

On the morning of May 24 crossed Long Bridge, passing in review through the city of Washington and camped about three miles northeast from the Capitol, where the command now remains.

Memorandum; Number of horses lost on campaign, 41; horses captured, none; bushels of corn taken, 100. No subsistence stores were foraged.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

W. L. SCOTT.

First Lieutenant, First New York Arty., Commanding Battery I.

Lieutenant EDWARD HAMMANN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Twentieth Corps.

Numbers 209. Reports of Lieutenant Edward P. Newkirk, Battery M, First New York Light Artillery, of operations January 17-March 25 and April 10-May 25.

Report of operations of Battery M, First New York Light Artillery, from January 17 to March 25, 1865:

On the 17th of January, 1865, the command left Savannah, crossing the river with a portion of the troops of First Division. January 19, passed through Hardeeville and camped near Purysburg, remaining in camp some nine days. January 29, entered Robertsville.

February 7, crossed Augusta and Savannah Railroad. February 11, crossed South Edisto River. February 12, placed pieces in position on bank of South Edisto River, remaining in position during night, and crossing next morning. February 17, crossed Saluda River. February 20, crossed Broad River. February 22, placed pieces in position covering Rocky Mount Ferry on Wateree River, and crossed next morning. February 27, crossed Hanging Rock Creek. 28th, crossed Little Lynch's Creek.

March 2, crossed Big and Little Creeks and passed through Chesterfield Court-House. March 6, passed through Cheraw and crossed Great Pedee River. 9th, crossed Lumber Creek. 11th, crossed Rockfish Creek. 13th, passed in review through Fayetteville and crossed Cape Fear River. March 16, enemy made a stand near

