
Casualties: January 30, Private Wade captured near Robertsville; March 5, Privates Rowley and Weaver captured near ford, Great Pedee; March 11, Private Jefferds captured near Fayetteville; March 12, Private Pierce died of disease in hospital, Second Division; March 19, Corporal Price captured near Bentonville.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

E. P. NEWKIRK,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

Operations of Battery M, First New York Light Artillery, from April 10 to May 25, 1865:

The command left Goldsborough, N. C., April 10th, crossing Moccasin Creek and camping on the 11th in Smithfield. On the 12th crossed Swift Creek and camped near Raleigh on the 13th. Laid in camp until the 25th, when we marched to Jones' Cross-Roads, returning to Raleigh again on the 28th. On the 30th crossed the Neuse River, and on the 1st of May crossed Tar River and Cedar Creek, passing through Williamsborough and crossing the Roanoke at Taylor's Ferry on the 3rd. Crossed the Meherrin River on the 4th, and Nottoway on the 5th. On the 7th crossed the Little Nottoway, passing through Blacks and Whites, crossing the Appomattox; crossed Swift and Falling Creeks on the 8th, and the James, passing through Richmond on the 11th. Crossed South Anna on the 12th, and New Found and Little Rivers on the 13th, and North Anna and Po on the 14th. On the 15th crossed the Rappahannock at United States Ford, passing Hartwood Church 16th; camped at Brentsville 17th. On the 18th crossed Bull Run, passing through Fairfax Station, Va. On the 19th went into camp near Alexandria, Va., and on the 24th crossed the Potomac, passed in review through Washington, and camped on Bladensburg pike.

Horses lost on campaign, 37; corn captured on campaign, 100 bushels. No subsistence stores were captured.

Respectfully submitted.

E. P. NEWKIRK,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery M, First New York Artillery.

Numbers 210. Reports of Lieutenant Jerome B. Stephens, Battery C, First Ohio Light Artillery, of operations January 18-March 25, and April 10-May 26.
HDQRS. BATTERY C, FIRST OHIO LIGHT ARTILLERY,Near Goldsborough N. C., March 25, 1865

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submitting the following report of the part taken by Battery C, First Ohio Light Artillery, in the campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C. ;

On the morning of the 18th of January, 1865, I broke camp in the city of Savannah in obedience to orders from the chief of artillery, and moved across the Savannah River into the State of South Carolina and reported to General Jackson, commanding First Division, Twentieth Army Corps. On the 19th I moved with First Division through Hardeeville and went into camp at Purysburg. On the morning of the 27th broke camp at Purysburg and moved with the First Brigade, First Division, on the Robertsville road, arriving at Robertsville on the 29th and joining the corps.

