
On the 2nd of February left that place with the Twentieth Corps and have marched with it during the campaign.

On the 2nd day of March, being with the leading brigade of the corps, as they were entering Chesterfield, S. C., and meeting some resistance from the enemy, by order from the chief of artillery I brought two pieces forward at a rapid gait and entered the place with the skirmish line; fired two rounds from front of the court-house at the retreating lines of the enemy. A short time after this I was ordered to send two pieces with the First Brigade, First Division, down to the bridge across Thompson's Creek on the Cheraw road, where the enemy was to be seen in some force on the opposite bank. Lieutenant Storer, who was in command of the section sent, put his pieces in position and opened upon them, to which the enemy replied with artillery. Both pieces were then turned upon their artillery which they soon drew from the field. In this engaged I expended twelve rounds of solid shot, and eight of spherical case. No casualties. On the 16th day of March the enemy were again found on the Raleigh road, near Black River. Arriving on the field with my battery at about 10 a. m., I took position in obedience to orders from the chief of artillery of the corps, on the left of Captain Winegar, in the line of the Second Brigade, Third Division, and opened upon the enemy, who were behind works some 600 yards to my front in an open field. After firing some sixty rounds the works were charged by the Second Brigade and carried, the enemy falling back to a second line. I then moved down and went into position by the works. About 3 p. m. I took one section (Lieutenant Storer commanding) on the right of the line and reported to General Jackson, but there being no position there for artillery, it was ordered back. At 5 o'clock I went into camp. The enemy being gone, on the morning of the 17th I resumed the march with the corps. I expended in this engagement fifty-six solid shot and eight spherical case. I had no casualties.

On the 19th I arrived on the field of the battle fought on that day about 3 o'clock and went into park on the left of the road near the house occupied by the Fourteenth Army Corps as a hospital. About half an hour after this the left of the Fourteenth Corps was pressed back in considerable disorder, and by order of the chief of artillery I wheeled my battery into position on a small knoll to my right and front some 300 yards from the woods in which our line was formed. As the enemy made their appearance in the edge of the woods to my left and front some 500 yards distant, I opened upon them with case, checking their advance and giving the infantry time to form. They made several successive charges. I opened upon them each time with case and shot and with good effect. I kept this position until the morning of the 22nd, when I again resumed the march with the corps (the enemy being gone), and arrived at Goldsborough on the 24th and went into my present camp.

I expended during the battle of the 19th 84 solid shot and 187 spherical case.

My casualties were, one corporal mortally wounded.

During the campaign the command has captured 5 horses, 18 mules, 7,000 pounds of meat, 200 bushels of sweet potatoes, 800 pounds of flour, 4,000 pounds of meal, 130,000 pounds of corn, 60,000 pounds of fodder, and destroyed about 6,000 pounds of cotton and 1 grist-mill.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. STEPHENS.

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery C, First Ohio Vol. Artillery.

Lieutenant W. H. MICKLE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery, 20th Army Corps.

