HDQRS. BATTERY C, FIRST OHIO LIGHT ARTILLERY,Near Washington, D. C., May 26, 1865

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of Battery C, First Ohio Light Artillery, during the campaign from Goldsborough, N. C., to Raleigh, N. C. and the march from Raleigh, N. C., to Washington, D. C. ;

On the morning of the 10th of April, at daylight, I broke camp in obedience to orders from the chief of artillery of the corps, and marched with the corps on the river road toward Smithfield, camping at night with the advance division of the corps about fifteen miles from Goldsborough . On the morning of the 11th broke camp at 5 o'clock and moved out with the advance of the corps, sending two pieces in advance with the skirmish line, marching the balance of the battery in rear of the leading brigade. There was some skirmishing by the infantry, but I did no firing. Went into camp at night in Smithfield. On the morning of the 12th moved out in rear of the corps and marched some fourteen miles. On the morning of the 13th broke camp at 5 o'clock and marched into Raleigh; went into camp near the lunatic asylum, where I remained until the 19th instant, when I changed camp, moving over by the railroad. On the 22nd participated in the review of the corps, which took place on that day. On the 25th moved with the corps out to Jones' Cross-Roads, where I remained until the 28th, when I moved back to Raleigh with the corps, and occupied the same camp which I left on the 25th. On the morning of the 30th of April I started with the corps on our march for this place, camping that night at Manteo's Mills, on the Neuse River. Resuming the march on the 1st of May, crossing Tar, Roanoke, and Appomattox Rivers, and arriving in the vicinity of Manchester, Va., on the 8th.

On the 11th again resumed the march, passing through Manchester, Richmond, Spotsylvania, and Chancellorsville, arriving near Alexandria on the 19th. On the morning of the 24th left the camp near Alexandria, crossing Long Bridge, and passed through the city of Washington on review with the corps, and moved into my present camp on the Bladensburg pike some two miles from the city. Left Goldsborough with eighty-eight horses and thirty-six mules. At Raleigh I received three horses more, making a total of ninety-one. During the march I abandoned thirty-eight horses and two mules, leaving with the command at this date fifty-three horses and thirty-four mules. And of the horses now left thirty are unfit for artillery service, and are so reduced it will be difficult to bring them up. Of the mules there are two which are unserviceable.

The animals abandoned on the march were so reduced that it was impossible to keep them along with the column.

Of the quartermaster and commissary stores none were captured. There were no casualties or material of war lost.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. STEPHENS,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery C, First Ohio Light Artillery.

Lieutenant E. HAMMANN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, 20th Army Corps.

