HDQRS. INDPT. BATTERY E, PENNSYLVANIA ARTY.,Near Washington, D. C., May 26, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this battery since leaving Goldsborough, N. C.:

Battery marched from Goldsborough on morning ountered mounted parties of the enemy in small force about eight miles from town and continued skirmishing with them throughout the day. Expended sixteen rounds of ammunition. Moved on to Raleigh, which we entered on the 13th, with nothing of importance to note. Up to this men and animals were subsisted to a certain extent off the country. We captured probably 100 pounds of bacon and the same amount of flour and corn meal. The forage taken was so small an amount that no mention of the same is necessary. We remained in the vicinity of Raleigh until April 30, when the line of march was taken up for Richmond, near which we arrived on the 8th of May.

The march was resumed on the 10th, passing through Richmond and coming, via Hanover Junction, Spotsylvania, &amp;c., to Alexandria, where we encamped on the afternoon of the 19th. A large number of the animals were worn out and died on the march, owing to the small amount of forage obtained and the rapidity of the marching. The total number so lost since leaving Raleigh amounts to twenty-five.

I have no casualties to report during the different marches.

Recapitulation: Ammunition expended, 16 rounds; horses lost, 25.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. S. SLOAN.

Captain Independent Battery E, Pennsylvania Artillery.

Lieutenant EDWARD HAMMANN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 212. Report of Bvt. Major General Judson Kilpatrick, U. S. Army, commanding Third Cavalry Division, of operations January 28-March 24.

HDQRS. CAVALRY COMMAND, ARMY OF INVASION.

Mount Olive Station, N. C. April 5, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the recent campaign through the Carolinas, up to the occupation of Goldsborough:

On the morning of the 28th of January, in accordance with instructions from the general-in-chief, I left my encampment on the Ogeechee, and after one of the most difficult marches reached Sister's Ferry January 30. Went into camp and here remained till February 3, when the bridge over the Savannah having been completed we crossed; passed the swamp beyond and encamped on firm ground about Robertsville, S. C. My command consisted of three brigades of cavalry, indifferently mounted, badly armed; one battery of horse Artillery, six guns, Captain Beebe commanding, and a small brigade of dismounted men under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Way; in all, 5,068 men for duty. Notwithstanding the many disadvantages under which we labored, by moderate marches at first and great care of the animals the command improved from day to day, and on reaching Goldsborough

