
was without question, despite the long and difficult marches, numerous skirmishes, affairs, and battles, in better condition that a the commencement of the campaign.

From Robertsville, my command moved to Lawtonville, thence to Allendale. After pushing well in toward Augusta, driving a brigade of rebel cavalry before us, I turned short to the right and struck the Salkehatchie just below Barnwell. The enemy, about 300 strong, occupied a well-chosen position behind earth-works upon the opposite side, commanding the bridge. The bridge was already on fire, but the Ninth Ohio Cavalry. Colonel Hamilton, Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Van Buskirk (dismounted), gallantly dashed through the swamp, men wading in the water up to their armpits, crossed the stream on trees felled by our pioneers, and, under cover of a rapid fire of Artillery, gallantly carried the works, driving the enemy in confusion toward the town of Barnwell. Only a portion of the bridge had been destroyed and was quickly repaired, and we entered the town of Barnwell at 4 p. m., having marched twenty-one miles. The following morning struck the railroad at Blackville, driving a brigade of Wheeler's cavalry from the town. My advance was engaged alone with the enemy at this point. It was a very spirited affair, in which Colonel Jordan, Captain Estes, my assistant adjutant-general, and Captain Northrop greatly distinguished themselves. Here the command rested on the road, destroying track during the 7th and 8th, and on the evening of the 8th moved up the road in the direction of Augusta to Williston Station. After posting pickets on the various roads leading from the town, and before going into camp, an attack was made upon Colonel Spencer's command, holding the direct road to Augusta. I directed this officer to move out at once with his brigade and feel of the enemy and ascertain his strength. A spirited fight ensued, in which six regiments of Major-General Allen's division, of Wheeler's cavalry-First, Third, Seventh, Ninth, Twelfth, and Fifty-first Alabama-were totally routed. Colonel Spencer alone conducted the fight, displaying much skill and great gallantry. Several hundred stand of arms were abandoned by the enemy and left scattered along the road. One officer and many men were killed and a large number wounded. Several prisoners were taken. Colonel Spencer pressed the enemy so close for a distance of seven or eight miles that he was finally forced to leave the road and scatter through the woods and swamps in order to escape. Colonel Spencer brought back as trophies from the fight five battle-flags. I remained at this point till 10 a. m. the following day, one-third of my entire command being employed destroying track. Some three miles were effectually destroyed, together with the depot and two cars.

February 9, moved to Windsor and thence to Johnson's Station, destroying portions of the railroad. Up to that point I had moved from Blackville in such a manner and had so maneuvered my troops as if I was the advance of the main army moving on Augusta. On the morning of the 11th I found that the movement was a success. Wheeler had left the Edisto unguarded, uncovered Columbia, and by marching all day and night reached Aiken at daylight on the morning of the 11th with his entire command. To make certain of this, General Atkins, commanding brigade, was directed to move out of my works at Johnson's Station and make a reconnaissance in the direction of Aiken. His advance, without opposition, entered the town and a moment afterward was most furiously attacked by Wheeler's entire command. General Atkins fell back fighting gallantly, disputing every foot of

