
March 10. -Crossed Lumber Creek and bivouacked.

March 12. -Crossed Rockfish Creek and bivouacked.

March 14. -Crossed Cape Fear River.

March 18. -Encamped at Newton Grove.

March 21. -Encamped at Mill Creek, near Bentonville.

March 24. -Crossed Neuse River and encamped near Goldsborough, where the command has remained until present date [March 31].

Distance marched through the month, 190 miles.

Second Brigade, Third Division.

[February.]-During this month this command has marched from near McPhersonville, in this State, to this point [Lynch's Creek, S. C.].

February 6. -This brigade came upon the enemy at the Little Salkehatchie River strongly posted behind an almost impassable swamp and with their position fortified. The men struggled through the morass and tangled undergrowth, drove the enemy into their works, charged and drove them in precipitate flight from the crossing, thereby enabling the remainder of the command to cross without loss or hindrance.

February 9 to 10. -The brigade destroyed railroad near Graham's Station, on the Charleston and Augusta Railroad.

February 16. -In the night crossed the Saluda River at its confluence with the Broad River.

February 17. -Crossed Broad River and entered Columbia.

February 20. -Left Columbia, since within time to the 26th the command has been marching to this place.

March 2. -Crossed Lynch's Creek.

March 4. -Marched through Cheraw.

March 5. -Crossed Great Pedee River.

March 8. -Crossed the State line and entered the Old North State.

March 12. -Went into temporary camp at Fayetteville.

March 14. -Crossed Cape Fear River.

March 16. -Crossed South River.

March 18. -Crossed Cohera River.

March 19. -Tenth Iowa drove the enemy from Cox's Cross-Roads.

March 20. -In obedience to orders from superior headquarters the command moved out at 5 a. m. to drive the enemy from Cox's Bridge, and compel them, if possible, to destroy it. After some sharp skirmishing, and in the face of a heavy artillery fire, the enemy were driven across the bridge, firing it as they passed over. The whole was accomplished with a loss of only three men wounded. After driving the enemy from the bridge the command marched as guard to the entire corps train to near Mill Creek, where our forces had engaged the enemy, arriving there about 9 p. m., when we bivouacked in reserve.

March 22. -Remained in camp on battle-field.

March 24. -Crossed Neuse River and went into camp near Goldsborough, where we still [March 31] remain.

Fourth Division.

[February.]-This division has marched 260 miles during the month.

February 4. -Left its temporary encampment at Sister's Ferry, on the Savannah River. Crossing the river at this point the division moved, via Robertsville, Hickory Hill, Rivers' Bridge, Sandy Run Post-Office, to Columbia, S. C., crossing en route the Coosawhatchie and Whippy Swamps, Augusta and Charleston Railroad, both branches

