
persisted in, I will not only allow but encourage my people to retaliate man for man. I shall take no action for the present. If stragglers from my command are found in the houses of citizens committing any outrages whatever, my own people are directed to shoot them upon the spot, and of course I expect officers and soldiers of your command to do the same.

I am alive to the fact that I am surrounded by citizens as well as soldiers, whose bitter hatred to the men I have the honor to command did not originate with this war, and I expect that some of my men will be killed elsewhere than on the battle-field, but I know and shall not hesitate to apply a sure remedy in each case.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Cavalry.

During the night of the 6th of March my command crossed the Pedee, and on the 7th occupied Rockingham, driving Butler's cavalry division, of Hampton's cavalry, from the town after a considerable skirmish, in which the rebel General Aiken was killed. On the 8th crossed Lumber River and after the most difficult march over the most horrible roads, swamps, and swollen streams, I struck the rear of Lieutenant-General Hardee's column at Solomon's [Solemn] Grove, on the Charlotte and Fayetteville road, capturing a number of poisoners. Lieutenant-General Hardee was found to be rapidly moving for Fayetteville, and from prisoners we learned that Lieutenant-General Hampton's cavalry was some miles in the rear, but rapidly marching for the same point. I determined at once to intercept him. By scouts I learned that Hampton was marching upon two roads, the Morgantown road and a road three miles farther to the north and parallel to it just south and east of Solomon's [Solemn] Grove. I posted upon each a brigade of cavalry, and learning that there was a road still farther north upon which some of the enemy's troops might move I made a rapid night's march with Colonel Spencer's Little brigade of three regiments and 400 dismounted men and one section of Artillery, and took post at the point where the road last mentioned intersects with the Morgantown road. During the fore part of the evening I left General Atkins and joined Colonel Spencer with my staff and actually rode through one of General Hampton's divisions of cavalry, which by 11 o'clock had flanked General Atkins and was encamped within three miles of Colonel Spencer. My escort of 15 men and 1 officer was captured, but I escaped with my staff. General Atkins and Colonel Jordan discovered about 9 o'clock that while the enemy was amusing them in front he was passing with his main force on a road to his right. These officers at once pulled out and made every effort to join me before daylight but failed to do so, owing to the bad roads and almost incessant skirmishing with the enemy, who was marching parallel to him, and at some points not a mile distant.

Hampton had marched all day and rested his men about three miles from Colonel Jordan's position at two o'clock in the morning, and just before daylight charged my position with three divisions of cavalry, Humes', Allen's and Butler's. Hampton led the center division (Butler's) and in less than a minute had driven back my people and taken possession of my headquarters, captured the Artillery, and the whole command was flying before the most formidable cavalry charge I ever have witnessed. Colonel Spencer and a large portion of my slly taken prisoners. On foot I succeeded in gaining the cavalry camp a few hundred yards in the rear, and found the men fighting with the rebels for their camp and animals and we were finally forced back some 500 yards farther to a swamp impassable to friend or foe. The enemy, eager for plunder, failed to promptly follow us up. We rallied and at once advanced upon him. We retook the cavalry camp, and, encouraged by our success, charged the enemy, who was endeavoring

