
I look back over the past campaign, so glorious to this Army, with feelings of pride and satisfaction. My entire command, animated by the same spirit, with full confidence in their chiefs, have with skill and energy overcome every obstacle, and have willingly dared every danger that a perfect success might crown our efforts.

I take great pleasure in bringing to your favorable notice the names of the following officers of my command whose great services throughout the campaign entitle them to promotion; Brevet Brigadier-General Atkins, Commanding brigade; Colonel Thomas J. Jordan, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding brigade; Colonel George E. Spencer, First Alabama Cavalry, commanding brigade; Lieutenant-Colonel Way, commanding dismounted cavalry; Lieutenant Colonel F. A. Jones, Eighth Indiana Cavalry, and Captain L. G. Estes my assistant adjutant-general. I do not deem it necessary to mention the individual cases in which these officers have particularly distinguished themselves. A careful perusal of this report alone will show that they fully deserve the promotion I ask for them.

Accompanying this report will be found special recommendations of meritorious officers, which I consider just and proper; also accompanying this report will be found a nominal list of killed, wounded, and missing, prisoners taken, property captured and destroyed, throughout this campaign.

Respectfully submitted.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Military Div. of the Miss.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the field, Goldsborough, N. C., April 7, 1865.

This report is concise and clear. The cavalry on this march was handled with spirit and skill. Almost always confronted by a superior force of the enemy, led by rebel generals of high repute-Wade Hampton, Butler, and Wheeler-General Kilpatrick was always willing to attack, but I restrained him as it was important to retain our cavalry strong to cover the flanks of our long wagon trains. In all actions our cavalry fought well.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

Tabular statement of killed, wounded and missing Third Cavalry Division, Military Division of the Mississippi, since leaving Savannah.

Officers. Men.

Command. 	 Kil	 Woun	 Capt	 Kill	 Woun	 Capt	 Miss	 Aggr

 led	 ded	 ured	 ed	 ded	 ured	 ing.	 egat

 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 e

First Brigade.	 2	 8	 -	 37	 73	 61	 47	 228

Second	 1	 4	 -	 40	 64	 43	 30	 182

Brigade.

Third Brigade	 2	 7	 3	 24	 78	 65	 -	 179

Tenth	 -	 -	 -	 1	 1	 13	 -	 15

Wisconsin

Battery

Total	 5	 19	 3	 102	 216	 182	 77	 604

J. KILPATRICK,

Bvt. Major General, Commanding 3rd Cav. Div., Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

