
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Report of prisoners of war captured and property captured and destroyed by Third Cavalry Division Military Division of the Mississippi, during the campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C.

Articles. 	 No. 	 Date. 	 Remarks.

Prisoners	 330	 --	 Captured during the

 	 	 campaign.

Stand of colors. 	 5	 Februar	 Captured in vicinity

 	 y 9	 of Aiken

Stand small-arms	 400	 Februar	 Destroyed at

 	 y 7	 Williston, S. C.

do	 300	 do	 Destroyed at Windsor,

 	 	 S. C.

do	 75	 Mar. 7	 Destroyed at

 	 	 Rockingham.

Railroad bridges	 2	 Februar	 Over Broad River

 	 y 18

Railroad bridges	 3	 Februar	 Destroyed by a

(small)	 	 y 21	 scouting party

Culverts	 4	 Februar	 Destroyed on

 	 y 6	 Charleston and Augusta

 	 	 Railroad

Flat-cars	 10	 Februar	 Destroyed at

 	 y 6 to	 Blackville, S. C.

 	 9

Box-cars	 5	 Februar	 Destroyed at Windsor

 	 y 6	 Turnout, S. C.

Railroad track. . .	 5	 Februar	 Destroyed on

miles. 	 	 y 6 to	 Charleston and Augusta

 	 9	 Railroad.

Station-houses	 2	 do	 One at Blackville the

 	 	 other at Williston S.

 	 	 C.

Water-tanks	 2	 do	 Destroyed on

 	 	 Charleston and Augusta

 	 	 Railroad

Cotton factory	 ----	 Mar. 7	 Destroyed at

 	 	 Rockingham, N. C.

Cotton. . . . .	 20,000	 -	 Destroyed during the

bales	 	 	 campaign.

Cotton gins. 	 411	 -	 do.

Meal. . . bushels. 	 500	 Februar	 Rebel commissary

 	 y 6	 stores destroyed at

 	 	 Barnwell.

Molasses. . . . .	 75	 do	 Rebel commissary

barrels	 	 	 destroyed at

 	 	 Blackville.

Salt. . . . do. 	 90	 do	 do.

Tobacco. . . boxes	 90	 do	 Destroyed at

 	 	 Blackville, S. C.

Saw-mills	 170	 -	 Destroyed during the

 	 	 campaign.

Grist-mills	 70	 -	 do.

Hides	 80	 March 	 Destroyed at

 	 7	 Rockingham

C. S. wagons	 10	 do	 Destroyed in vicinity

 	 	 of Lexington Court-

 	 	 House

Wagon shops	 7	 -	 Destroyed during the

 	 	 campaign.

I certify that the above report is correct.

W. H. DAY,

Captain and Provost-Marshal, Third Cavalry Division.

ADDENDA.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY COMMAND,

In the Field, March 22, 1865

The campaign is over and we are promised rest. Our depot will be at Mount Olive, and a railroad shall be at the disposal of officers and men. Every liberty shall be granted consistent with the best interests of our cause, for which I feel in my heart the invincible soldiers of my command have done so much. This day I met our great chief on the field of battle, amid the dead and dying of our enemy, who has again fled before our proud, advancing banners, and my ears were made to tingle with the grateful words of praise spoken in admiration of the cavalry.

Soldiers, be proud! Of all the brave men of this army you have a right to be. You have won the admiration of our infantry, fighting on foot and mounted, and you will receive the outspoken words of praise from the great Sherman himself. He appreciates and will reward your patient endurance of hardships, gallant deeds, and valuable services.

With the old laurels of Georgia entwine those won in the Carolinas, and proudly wear them.

General Sherman is satisfied with his cavalry.

By command of Brevet Major-General Kilpatrick:

L. G. ESTES,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

