
After resting at Lancaster till the 28th, we again marched, reaching Taylor's Cross-Roads, and encamped for the night at the point where Tarleton murdered Buford's men during the Revolutionary struggle, and on the 2nd of March resumed our march on the Chesterfield road till within fifteen miles of that place. On the 3rd we took the Wadesborough road and entered North Carolina, encamping about four miles from the line. Lieutenant-Colonel Kimmel, with the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, was encamped in the rear of the brigade on mile and a half at a cross-road. On the morning of the 4th his pickets were attacked heavily, but after being repulsed several times the enemy withdrew from his front and began to mass on the right flank of the First Brigade and left of the Second Brigade. By order of General Kilpatrick during the afternoon we withdrew from our position and passing through the Second Brigade, and took post near a white house some two miles in the rear. After the withdrawal of the Second Brigade from my front the enemy heavily attacked my position, which I had carefully barricaded, charging it several times, but were each time repulsed. After keeping up a desultory fire till 9 o'clock at night they retired to their encampment within a few hundred yards of my front. I fully expected to be heavily attacked in the morning, for both Wheeler and Hampton, with their combined forces, were present. During the night I sent my wagons to the rear and prepared for the struggle, but daylight revealed the fact that the enemy had decamped during the night. On the morning of the 5th I marched my command by Morven Post-Office to the Pedee River, crossing the river on pontoons about one mile south of the North Carolina line, and marched till daylight on the morning of the 7th, when I halted to feed, and at 7 a. m. (General Kilpatrick and staff having joined me) pushed on to Rockingham, where my advance, a portion of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, with a detachment of the Third Kentucky under Captain Boyle, and a few foragers from other regiments drove the rear of Butler's cavalry from the town, which we reached at 10 a. m. The following day, having the rear guard, we marched toward Fayetteville, and during the night passed Drowning Creek, where I had to dismount my command to draw the Artillery and wagons through the swamp, more than half a mile wide; the men were may times in mud and water to their armpits.

At 4 a. m. of the 9th went into camp to feed horses and rest the men, and at 8 a. m. I was again in the saddle and during the day crossed Deep Creek, and about 9 o'clock that night succeeded in crossing Devil's Gut by again dismounting my men to draw the wagons and Artillery. This night I encamped at Rockfish Church, about two miles from Devil's Gut, the Second and Third Brigades being far in advance of me. About 1 a. m. I discovered that the enemy had passed on the Morgantown road, about two miles and a half in my front, with infantry and cavalry, cutting off my communications with the Second and Third Brigades. Major-General Kilpatrick having sent me orders the evening before to move at daylight for the plank road to the south, at 6 a. m. I took a road leading to Sandy Grove Church, on the plank road, which I found to be a good one, and at 9 a. m. reached the Chicken road, two miles from and running parallel with the plank road. During the march I had heard heavy firing, which proved to be an attack by the combined forces of Wheeler and Hampton on the Third Brigade and dismounted men, but before I could join them the action was over and the enemy driven off. About 2 p. m. I joined the Second Brigade, General Atkins, and went into camp. At 6 p. m. we were again in the

