
saddle, and reaching a point within twelve miles of Fayetteville encamped for the night. On the morning of the 11th moved in advance toward Fayetteville, where, finding the infantry already in possession of the town, we went into camp on the plank road leading to the Yadkin at Johnson's farm, four miles from the town. I remained at this point until the 15th. Then I crossed Cape Fear River on the pontoon bridge and moved on the road from Fayetteville to Averasborough, and encamped about seventeen miles from F[ayetteville], confronted by the enemy.

During the night the cavalry was re-enforced by a brigade of infantry under Colonel Hawley, and at 6 o'clock on the morning of the 16th, the infantry occupying the center, two regiments of the Third Brigade being thrown on the left flank, the Eighth Indiana Cavalry of the First Brigade supporting the right, and the remainder of my command being held in reserve, to operate as circumstances might dictate, we move don the enemy. In a few minutes the command was engaged and Colonel Jones, Eighth Indiana Cavalry, very heavily. The Artillery of the enemy now opened and my section of the Tenth Wisconsin Battery, Lieutenant Fowler commanding, was placed in position. I was Battery, Lieutenant Fowler commanding, was placed in position. I was then ordered by General Kilpatrick to proceed with my whole command to the right flank to support Colonel Jones and hold the position. Upon getting into the rear of the Eighth Indiana I found that they were heavily engaged, and Colonel Jones reported to me that he was fearful that his right would be turned. I at once ordered Colonel Kimmel, with two battalions of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, to dismount and form upon his right. The Ninth had hardly got into position when they were charged by the enemy's infantry, and charge after charge was met by it and the Eighth Indiana in quick succession. About 10 a. m. Colonel Jones reported to me that his ammunition was giving out, and I at once sent for the ammunition train to be brought up, and as the attack by the enemy became (as they were constantly re-enforced) more frequent and determined, I ordered the Second Kentucky in to strengthen the lines of Colonel Jones. The ammunition being somewhat in the rear of the roads very bad by which it could be brought up, I ordered the third Kentucky, which I had previously placed on my extreme right, to dismount and further strengthen the line by taking post close on the right of the infantry. Thus, all my command were in action excepting one battalion of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, which I held in reserve. The ammunition now came up, but not in sufficient quantities to fill the demand, and the attacks of the enemy rather increasing than diminishing, all the ammunition was distributed and the brave fellows held their ground, finally driving the enemy back to their intrenchments.

Brigadier-General Atkins coming up at this time with his brigade, threw out the Ninth Ohio, mounted, on my extreme right and the Ninety-Second Illinois and the Ninth Michigan dismounted, to hold some barricades that I had prepared with men of my command, who, upon getting out of ammunition, had come to the rear.

At 12. 30 p. m. a brigade of infantry, Colonel Selfridge commanding, coming up, my command was relieved and ordered to the rear to mount their horses. I was ordered by General Kilpatrick to follow up the right flank as soon as mounted. In a few minutes I was again in the saddle, but not actively engaged till I reached the rear of the Ninth Ohio, which was moving on the right of the infantry. As this regiment was marching in column toward an opening in the swamp a regiment of infantry that had not been observed opened a most murderous fire

