
upon it. It at once fell back, the rebels following. The Ninth Pennsylvania, being in advance, was at once brought into line and as the Ninth Ohio passed through its intervals opened (and with the Second Kentucky which I had formed on its extreme right) so hot a fire upon the charging line that it fell back in confusion. My command having been in action from 6 a. m. till 2 p. m. almost without intermission, and having less than five rounds of ammunition to the man left, I was ordered to retire to the rear, to dismount the men and allow my command to rest. The action being over and the enemy driven from the ground, with the loss of their Artillery and a large number of killed, wounded, and prisoners, with the division I went into camp near Black Creek. In this action the brunt of the battle fell upon my brigade; my loss in killed and wounded was 99 or one-twelfth of my whole command, most of which fell upon the Eighth Indiana and Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry. This action fully demonstrates the fact that Federal cavalry, when properly handled and led by brave, determined officers, are fully equal to rebel infantry.

My officers killed on this occasion were Captain John Boal, Company A, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Captain C. Lennen, Company E, Eighth Indiana Cavalry; and Captain E. A. Hancock, Company B, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, wounded, causing amputation of the left leg.

Moving from Black Creek on the morning of the 17th, we marched toward Bentonville and Goldsborough. On the 19th, finding the infantry heavily engaged in our front, we moved up and formed on their left flank, but were not engaged. On the 20th my brigade held the extreme left of the Federal line, and on the evening of the 21st made a reconnaissance around the right flank and toward the rear of the enemy, fully demonstrating the fact that our left far outflanked their right. The following morning, the enemy having withdrawn during the night, I was ordered to retain possession of the field of battle, which I did till 10 p. m. March 22, 1865, when I withdrew and joined the division, after marching about six miles. On the 24th my command reached this point and the campaign closed.

During a campaign which probably has had no parallel in the history of the world the men and officers of my command have exhibited a spirit of patriotism a deep unflinching determination, a capacity to bear and a will to do, that is truly commendable. I would respectfully call the attention of my superiors to Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, Eighth Indiana Cavalry as a proper subject for promotion. Colonel Jones has for almost four years been lieutenant-colonel of his regiment, and during most of that time has had command, and for a time commanded a brigade. A better officer, a more reliable, brave, true-hearted gentleman, I have never had the pleasure of being connected with. Herewith you will find copies of the reports of regimental and battery commanders, to which I would call your attention for fuller particulars.

During this long and trying campaign, in which the cavalry has constantly covered the left and front of the Army, shielding its immense trains and keeping a bold and daring enemy, under Wheeler and Hampton, at a respectful distance from our main Army, holding him in false positions at Aiken and Chesterville, while our infantry secured an unobstructed line of march, retiring from before largely superior forces, and marching through the heart of the Confederacy for a distance of more than 700 miles, reflects upon our gallant leader a luster that will grow brighter till it culminates in crushing the rebellion and restoring peace to our unhappy land.

