
Edisto River, Little Beaver Creek, Congaree Creek, and the Saluda and Broad Rivers, and traversing portions of the Rock Spring, Lawtonville, and Gillisonville roads, Hickory Hill, State, Columbia and Charleston, roads.

February 17. -The command entered Columbia.

February 18 and 19. -Was engaged in destroying the Columbia and South Carolina Railroad.

February 20. -Moved to Muddy Springs, and from thence over portions of the Camden and Rocky Mount roads, crossing Dutchman's Creek, via Poplar Springs, to Peay's Ferry, on the Wateree River.

February 23. -The march from this point was taken up and continued on Camden road, via Liberty Hill, across White Oak and Saunders' Creek, to the left of Camden, a portion of the division passing through Camden; thence upon the Camden and Cheraw road, via Pine Tree Meeting-House, to Tiller's Bridge, on Lynch's Creek, where the command is new [February 28] in position and bivouac.

The division has had slight skirmishing at Columbia, Camden, and Lynch's Creek, and placed twenty miles of corduroy.

[March.]-This division had marched from Lynch's Creek, S. C. (Tiller Bridge), to Goldsborough, N. C., a distance of 240 miles, passing through the following cities or villages, viz, Cheraw, S. C. ; Springfield, N. C. ; Laurel Hill, Rockfish Factory, Fayetteville, Newton Grove, and Goldsborough, N. C., and crossing the following-named creeks and rivers, viz, Black, Juniper, and Thompson's Creeks, Great Pedee and Lumber Rivers, Davis' Creek, Little and Big Rockfish Creeks, Cape Fear and South Rivers, Little and Big Cohera, Falling and Mill Creeks, and Neuse River. Participated in the following engagements with the enemy: On South River, Little Cohera Creek, March 20 and 21 at Mill Creek.

The division now occupies an intrenched position two miles east of Goldsborough, on the Atlantic and North Carolina Railroad.

[May.]-Division has marched during this month from Neuse River, N. C., to Washington, D. C., a distance of 211 miles, occupying sixteen days.

Second Brigade, Fourth Division.

February 1, 2, and 3. -The brigade was lying at Sister's Ferry, Savannah River, Ga., whither it had marched with the division from Savannah en route to join the corps.

February 3. -In the afternoon the bridge was relieved by the general commanding the division.

February 4. -In the evening the brigade crossed the Savannah River and went into camp for the night two miles from the ferry.

February 5. -It again resumed the march, and since that time has been constantly with its division on its marches through South Carolina.

February 17. -The brigade entered Columbia, S. C. ; passed through the city and encamped one mile east of it.

February 18 and 19 were spent in destroying the Columbia and Wilmington Railroad.

February 20. -The line of march was again taken up.

February 24. -Colonel Adams was ordered to take a detachment of his command and proceed to Camden, S. C. The place was entered after a slight skirmish with the enemy without loss. Fourteen soldiers who were prisoners were released and 6 rebels who were guarding them

