
I take pleasure in acknowledging the assistance rendered by the various members of my staff. They have all done their duty with an alacrity and zeal that entitles them to the respect and esteem of their fellow-soldiers.

The uniform kindness I have received from the Major-general commanding, and from Major-Estes, his chief of staff, and indeed from his whole family, has filled the dangers, privations, and toils of a sixty days' march with green spots upon which I shall always look back with pleasure. The commanding officers of regiments and batteries have all behaved with gallantry, and with their subalterns, by their cheerful obedience to orders, have vitally assisted in the success of the campaign.

The entire loss of my command during the campaign is 31 killed, 68 wounded, 37 missing, 75 captured. My command has captured 175 of the enemy and killed and wounded in the different actions numbers of the enemy greatly superior to our loss.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. JORDAN,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade Cavalry.

Major L. G. ESTES.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Command.

Numbers 214. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Fielder A. Jones, Eighth Indiana Cavalry, of operations January 28-March 24.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH INDIANA CAVALRY,March 27, 1865

I have the honor to report that my command (Eighth Indiana Cavalry and detachment Third Indiana Cavalry) left Savannah, Ga., in very poor condition; our animals had been nearly starved at Savannah and only by the most untiring efforts were our horses kept in anything like serviceable condition. Added to these embarrassments was the fact that seventeen of the old and tried officers of the command were mustered out and their places filled by men who, although they proved themselves deserving soldiers, had not yet shown their capacity for command. I confess that in view of these facts I entered the great campaign of the Carolina with many misgivings.

My command was not engaged with the enemy until the 10th of February. On the morning of that date my First Battalion, under Captain Crowell being advance guard, struck the enemy at Johnson's Station, driving him from several barricades on to his main force and fought him until recalled by order of Colonel Jordan. On the next day, the Second Brigade having been routed, the enemy charged my command in position at Johnson's, S. C. and were repulsed with the loss of the adjutant and three men, Twelfth Alabama Cavalry, killed and several others wounded. At Monticello, S. C. Lieutenant Jackson with Company C, Eighth Indiana, was sent to burn Spartanburg railroad bridge over Broad River. The order was executed Lieutenant Jackson burning several minor bridges on the same road, also destroying large factory and grist-mills, driving 300 home guards across Broad River, and rejoined the command at Black Stocks, on Charlotte railroad. At a cross-roads north of Chesterfield my pickets were charged by the enemy, but he was repulsed with loss. About this time Lieutenant Thompson, with

