
Company K, who was foraging for horses, charged the town of Wadesborough at the same time with the lamented Griffin, neither Griffin nor Thompson knowing the whereabouts of the other. In this charge Thompson captured 3 officers (1 Major) and 3 men and several horses. Thompson turned his prisoners over to the commanding officer of One hundred and seventh New York Infantry.

On the morning of March 16, near Averasborough, N. C., I was ordered into position to cover the right flank of an infantry brigade, and to move with it against the enemy. We had hardly left our camp before we struck the enemy in line and in strong force; finding myself near his flank I charged him vigorously and routed an entire brigade of South Carolina infantry. Had our infantry then pushed forward it is my firm belief that we could have captured the enemy's works, Artillery, and many prisoners, without the firing of a shot. As it was, the cavalry alone took several prisoners and drove the rebels in the wildest confusion into their works. Had there been solid ground I should have taken their works with cavalry, but the rains of the previous night had made the country one vast mire, which checked the impetus of our charge, and gave the enemy time to reform behind their works. Finding further operations on horseback impossible, I dismounted my command and sent led horses to the rear; the enemy, seriously alarmed for the safety of his left flank, commenced rapidly re-enforcing that flank, and I soon found that I was fighting several times my number, and ordered my lines to reconnect with the infantry. The enemy seeing my movement and judging it to be a retreat, charged me in great force. We immediately came to "about face," gave two or three volleys from our Spencers, and made a counter-charge, causing the foe to quickly seek shelter in his works. Although fighting many times our number, and infantry too, and our lines very attenuated, yet it seemed that every officer and man of my command felt that our position was vital to the safety of the infantry on our left and was determined to hold it at every hazard. The enemy charged us repeatedly in great force; we always received his charges with a volley and a counter-charge, and whatever were the odds against us, we always drove them back and into their works. I can safely say that no better fighting has been done in this war than was done that day by this command, and I am satisfied that we so attracted the attention of the enemy, and so seriously threatened his left that he did not observe the movements of the force which was turning his right until it was too late to oppose it. My loss was heavy, but examination of the field shows that the enemy suffered heavier far than we did.

My command operated with the brigade on the right flank of Johnston's army at Bentonville and on the evening of the 20th of March Captain Crowell passed around the right flank of the enemy and got, in fact, in rear of his Artillery, but his force was so small he could not take advantage of his discovery.

My thanks are due to Major Herring for efficient aid rendered both in action and on the march. Captains Crowell, Leavell, and Mitchell, commanding battalions of Eighth Indiana, have proved themselves competent for their command. They are fine soldiers and in connection with Major Herring and Captain Patton, commanding Third Indiana, are commended for promotion. Lieutenant J. W. Chapin discharged the duties of adjutant with the promptness and energy of a true soldier. Doctor McCormick, for his careful attention to our sick and wounded soldiers during this campaign, will always be held in grateful remembrance by the officers and men of the Eighth Indiana Cavalry.

