
In this campaign my command lost Captain Lennen and 12 men killed, they died as brave men die, with arms in hand and face to foe; theirs was a death whose rapture high transcended all that earth can yield; their warmest wish was so to die on the red battle-field. We mourn their vacant places and will try to emulate their soldierly qualities.

To recapitulate, we lost 1 officer and 12 men killed, 7 officers and 55 men wounded, and 20 enlisted men missing; we lost 25 horses killed and 26 wounded in action 16th of March.

Very respectfully,

F. A. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WARD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Third Cavalry Division.

Numbers 215. Report of Major Owen Star, Second Kentucky Cavalry, of operations January 24-March 24.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND KENTUCKY CAVALRY,Mount Olive, N. C. March 25, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of and part taken by my regiment in the recent campaign through the Carolinas:

On the 24th of January, 1865, I arrived and took command of the regiment. Found it under orders and everything in readiness for a campaign. January 28, the command moved, and after four days' hard marching through miserable swamps it arrived at Sister's Ferry, Ga., where we were obliged to remain several days to await the completion of a road across and the removal of torpedoes from an impassable swamp on the opposite side of the river.

February 3, everything being in readiness, we crossed the river. Marching almost parallel to it we encamped at Robertsville, S. C. Found no enemy until we reached Blackville, and on the South Carolina Railroad, February 7, where I was ordered by Colonel Jordan, commanding brigade, to charge the town, which I did. Found the enemy retreating in disorder. I followed up closely for three miles, capturing several men and horses, when I came upon a strong force in line. They seeing but a small force pursuing them, and no support in sight, began to flank, when I was compelled to retire. I reached the brigade, having lost but one man and three horses. The regiment then went into position with the brigade and barricaded, where we remained during the night.

February 8, marched with the brigade along the railroad to Williston. 9th, encamped two miles from Windsor, on railroad. 10th, I marched with brigade in the direction of Aiken. Arrived at Johnson's Turnout and barricaded on the right of brigade. In the evening I was ordered to move to the left of Eighth Indiana and barricade. Remained in position here until the 13th, when we withdrew and encamped on the South Edisto River. Enemy did not follow up. 14th, crossed the river and marched on the Columbia road for some distance, when we turned off and reached North Edidark. 15th, crossed the river and reached Lexington, Court-House on the 16th. Found our infantry in possession of it. 17th, crossed the Saluda River

