
and marched in direction of Broad. 18th, arrived at Broad but had to await the construction of a pontoon. 19th, crossed the river and arrived at Monticello on the 20th. 22nd, arrived at the Charlotte railroad and commenced its destruction. 24th, we reached and crossed the Catawba River and encamped nine miles from Lancaster Court-House. 25th, arrived at Lancaster Court-House where we remained until the 28th, when we again moved in the direction of Chesterfield Court-House.

March 3, crossed the line into North Carolina. I was ordered to camp my regiment three-quarters of a mile in rear of brigade and barricade, facing to the rear. 4th, moved up on a line with the brigade and went into position on the left, leaving pickets at my old barricade. About 11 o'clock they were [attacked] and driven from the barricade about 100 yards. In the evening moved with the brigade several miles and again barricaded. March 5, moved to Morven Post-Office and got supper and moved to Great Pedee River, where we awaited the construction of a pontoon until the night of the 6th, when we crossed, reaching Rockingham on the 7th. 8th, spent the day in a swamp. 9th, same. 10th, moved with brigade. 11th, arrived within three miles of Fayetteville and encamped. remained there until the 15th, when we crossed the river; marched eight or ten miles, when I received orders to report my regiment to General Atkins, commanding Second Brigade. He placed me on his extreme right; I barricaded; rebels did not disturb us during the night. 16th, moved out and found the enemy. Colonel Jordan, commanding First Brigade, ordered me to support a section Tenth Wisconsin Battery, commanded by Lieutenant Fowler, then heavily engaged with the enemy. I dismounted my regiment and barricaded, but soon received orders to move to the right and relieve the Eighth Indiana, which had been fighting for some time. I took my regiment in, dismounted, and after about two hours' hard fighting was relieved by two companies of ----. My loss in this engagement was 3 killed and 5 wounded. We were then ordered still farther to the right, where we again found the enemy but as I had but Little ammunition did but very Little fighting. I was sent to the rear on that account.

We remained in line until evening, when it was ascertained that the enemy had skedaddled; we marched a short distance and encamped. 17th and 18th, found no enemy. 19th, halted and fed. About noon heard heavy firing on the Goldsborough road; reached the battle-field about 3 p. m. took up position on the extreme left of the brigade. 20th, moved out on a line with our infantry my regimen being in advance; I was ordered to feel for the enemy's lines, which I found without much trouble. Brigade having barricaded, I fell back and barricaded on their left. 21st, returned to my old position on the Goldsborough road. About 5 o'clock in the afternoon received orders to move; marched about one mile. Colonel Jordan ordered me to remain with my regiment and picket roads leading out from the rear; my pickets were attacked but not driven in. About 8 p. m. brigade returned, and I again fell into my old position. 22nd, moved with the brigade. 24th, arrived at Mount Olive on the Wilmington railroad, where we are promised rest, my regiment occupying the Goldsborough road.

Report of effective force at commencement of campaign also a list of casualties and number of horses lost and gained during the campaign; Effective force, January 28, 1865, 124. Killed 3; wounded, 5; missing, 8; total, 16. Horses lost, 95; horses gained, 75.

