
In conclusion I would say that the conduct of both officers and men of this command throughout the entire campaign is highly commendable.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

OWEN STAR,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain WARD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Third Cavalry Division.]

Numbers 216. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert H. King, Third Kentucky Cavalry, of operations January 28-March 24.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD KENTUCKY, CAVALRY,Mount Olive, N. C., March 27, 1865

CAPTAIN; The Third Kentucky Cavalry left their camp near Savannah, Ga., on the 28th of January, moving toward Sister's Ferry, on the Savannah River, which point we reached on the third day's march. The roads were in very bad condition and the regiment was engaged most of the time in assisting our wagon trains through the swamps.

We remained in camp near the river until the 3rd day of February, when we crossed the river on the pontoon bridge and entered the State of South Carolina, encamping for the night at Robertsville ten miles from the ferry. From this point our march was continued through Lawtonville to Barnwell Court-House, nothing of interest occurring on the route. At 8 o'clock on the morning of the 7th, the Third Kentucky in advance, we moved toward the Augusta and Charleston Railroad. Arriving at Blackville on that road, the advance under Captains Boyle and Thomas; encountered the enemy, charged and drove them from their position and occupied the town. The next day we moved to Williston Station, where during the night we were engaged in destroying the railroad. The day following we moved through Windsor and again destroyed a portion of the railroad. On the 10th moved to Johnson's Station, where we built long lines of barricades, picketing and scouting the country in various directions during the day and night. The next day General Kilpatrick, with the Second Brigade, having moved out in the direction of Aiken to reconnoiter the position of the enemy the command was held in readiness for action. The Second Brigade finding the enemy in strong force, after a brisk engagement, retired to the line held by the remainder of the division closely followed by the enemy. The Eighth Indiana, Second Kentucky, and Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry soon drove the rebels from our front; being on the extreme left we were not engaged. Monday, the 13th, we resumed our march, encountering only disagreeable weather, and reached Lexington on the 16th. The next night we crossed the Saluda River on pontoons and moved on to Broad River, crossing that stream in the same way during the night of the 19th. From the 20th of February to the 4th of March nothing of interest occurred. During this interval we marched to a point near Wadesborough, N. C. passing through swamps and over roads almost impassable from mud.

On the 4th of March the enemy attacked our division at various points, but were in every instance handsomely repulsed. During the

