
day the First Brigade passed through the lines of General Atkins (in order to take position to hold the enemy for the night, my cod to report to General Atkins) to assist in holding the enemy while the remainder were withdrawing. During the evening there was considerable firing in our front. The enemy withdrew during the night. The next morning we marched, passing Morven Post-Office, where we halted and fed, to the Great Pedee, but finding the bridge unfinished were compelled to remain until the night following, when we crossed the river and encamped at daylight near Rockingham. The next morning we moved on that place, which we reached about 10 a. m. Captain Boyle, of my command, with his company ad an indefinite number of infantry foragers, commonly called "bummers," drove Butler's rebel brigade out of the town. On the 8th we resumed our march in the direction of Fayetteville, where we arrived on the 11th. During this time our march was over the worst roads it has ever been my fortune to travel. For two nights the men were dismounted in mud and water, drawing our Artillery and wagons through swamps. Remaining near Fayetteville until the 15th, we crossed the Cape Fear River on pontoons and marched about seventeen miles, encamping with a large force of the enemy in our front. The next morning, our brigade being in advance, the Eighth Indiana Cavalry met the enemy in force but with characteristic bravery drove them to their defenses. My regiment occupied successively the right and left of the brigade during the engagement at this point, until my men were dismounted and thrown upon the left of our line to relieve the Eighth Indiana, who had so long and so gallantly stood the fire of many times their number, strongly intrenched. We occupied this position for some time, when we were relieved by a portion of the Twentieth Corps. In a short time our command moved to camp near Black Creek. On the 17th we crossed this stream and moved in the direction of Smithfield, marching on the left of the infantry. On the 19th we moved up to our infantry and found portions of the Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps heavily engaged with the enemy; we took position on the left of the Army. The next day we moved out with the brigade to reconnoiter the position of the enemy, and took position for the night on the left of the Third Division, of the Twentieth Corps, which had been adhe day. We remained in this position most of the day following, moved back to our old position, and again near night made another reconnaissance on the enemy's right. Finding nothing, returned to camp, where we remained with the brigade, the entire army having moved to the right, until 10 p. m. when we marched out about four miles and joined the division. From that point we moved in two days to our present encampment, having been sixty days on the campaign.

Although we have seldom met the enemy, the campaign just closed has been far more trying physically than any we have ever made. The men and officers have borne everything with surprising cheerfulness, and they deserve, as they will certainly receive, the thanks of a grateful country.

Appended please find a list of casualties in this command during the campaign.

Respectfully submitted.

R. H. KING.

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Third Kentucky Cavalry.

Captain E. W. WARD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier Cav. Com., Army of Invasion.

