
Numbers 217. Report of Lieutenant Colonel David H. Kimmel, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations January 28-March 24.
HDQRS. NINTH PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN CAVALRY,Mount Olive, N. C., March 27, 1865

CAPTAIN; I have the honor to report that my regiment, composing part of the First Brigade Cavalry, took no inconsiderable part in the campaign just closed, leaving camp at Savannah, Ga., on the 28th of January, 1865, and participating in all the actions in which the brigade was connected. I will only refer particularly to those of the 4th and 16th instant.

On the morning of the 4th instant (the regiment being encamped one mile and a half in rear of the brigade) my pickets were attacked at 7 a. m. in rear; they offered strong resistance and repulsed the charge of the enemy, who immediately deployed a line of skirmishers which, from its extent, indicated a heavy force. I immediately prepared for an attack, which, however, was not made, they contenting themselves by keeping up a heavy skirmish fire. At about 12 m., having sent Lieutenant Bassler, of Company I, with detail of 100 men toward Whites' Store, the enemy moved from my rear to my right, where they again charged my pickets between my camp and the brigade. I found that there were but about 200 men, and seeing the detail coming from the direction of White's Store immediately sent Adjutant Landis to move that part of my command by the left in order to capture the enemy if possible. They by a rapid movement and slight skirmishing gained a hill in the rear of the enemy, when they found themselves in the rear of a brigade, afterward ascertained to be General Dibrell's, numbering between 800 and 1,000 men. Upon being informed of the fact by Adjutant Landis I dispatched him to inform you, as the camps of the brigade were in danger of being attacked. During his absence I was ordered to rejoining the brigade, which was done with but slight skirmishing with the rear guard, held by Captain Hancock, although the regiment marched along the entire front of the enemy and within good rifle-range. My loss in this affair was inconsiderable.

Our campaign from here was marked by nothing remarkable, except the hardships and fatigue of which all shared alike, until the 16th instant, when we were called upon to confront the rebel infantry under General Hardee, and the battle of Black Creek was begun. My regiment being dismounted held the extreme right of the line, and behaved gallantly, driving the enemy to their works and repulsing frequent charges in which they attempted to turn our right.

Here it was that Captain E. A. Hancock, Company B, commanding Third Battalion, was severely wounded while gallantly leading his men. It was later in the day, when the lines were advanced, that my regiment (mounted) repelled the attack of and drove from the field a brigade of rebel infantry; this, too, when part of my line was broken by a regiment of cavalry falling back in disorder. In this short and stubborn resistance the brave Captain J. Boal, Company A, was killed. The loss of this meritorious officer is deeply deplored by all who knew him. My loss in this engagement was 1 officer and 4 men killed, 1 officer and 16 men wounded. My total loss during the campaign (with the regiment) was 10 killed, 26 wounded, and 32 missing. The great loss, independent of the action of the 16th, was occasioned by foraging where my men would rashly contend with superior numbers of the enemy.

