
Of the bravery and patriotic endurance of hardships by the officers and men of my command it is unnecessary to speak as they have generally been under the immediate eye of my superiors, and the praise bestowed on one is due to all.

My command has captured during the campaign 70 prisoners, including one lieutenant-colonel and several line officers. I have also taken from the enemy's country 227 horses and 94 mules.

Respectfully submitted.

D. H. KIMMEL.

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Cavalry.

Captain E. W. WARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 218. Report of Lieutenant Charles Blanford, commanding Howitzer Battery, of operations January 28-March 24.
HDQRS. HOWITZER BATTERY, 1ST Brigadier, 3rd CAV. DIV.,Mount Olive Station, N. C., March 27, 1865.

CAPTAIN; I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command on the recent campaign from Savannah, Ga., to this place:

In obedience to orders from the colonel commanding I broke camp on the morning of the 28th of January, 1865, and marched with the column to Sister's Ferry, on the Savannah River, where I arrived on the 31st of January. Here I remained in camp until the evening of the 3rd of February, 1865, when we again resumed the march, crossing the Savannah River into South Carolina, and encamped at Robertsville for the night.

On the morning of the 4th we again took up our march at an early hour, in the direction of Barnwell Court-House, where I arrived on the 6th. From here I took the road leading to Blackville on the South Carolina Railroad, where I arrived on the 7th about 12 m. ; took position on the Columbia road and camped for the night. On the following morning I again took up the march in the direction of Aiken, on the above-named railroad; arrived at Johnson's Station on the 10th about 11 a. m. five miles from the above-named place; took up position on the left of the railroad, supported by the Eighth Indiana Cavalry, but was soon ordered to change my position to the left of the liens, supported by the Third Kentucky Cavalry. Received orders to unharness and encamp for the night. On the morning of the 11th received orders to be in readiness to move at a moment's notice. The Second Brigade having move don the enemy near Aiken, and meeting with superior numbers, were falling back on our lines, closely followed by the enemy. At this time I received orders from Colonel Jordan to move with my battery to the position to the position occupied the evening before. I had hardly reached the position specified when I received an order to return to the position occupied during the night, as the enemy were moving on our left flank. Having again taken up my position I had not long to wait, as the enemy were engaging our skirmishers, driving them slowly back across an open field. As the enemy's line emerged from the woods about 1,000 yards in my front, I opened on them with shell, with apparent good effect, several of my shells bursting in their ranks,

