
causing considerable confusion. They soon fell back out of range of my guns, when I ceased firing and was not engaged again during the day. Early on the morning of the 13th I took up march with command in direction of Lexington Court-House, where I arrived on the 16th and encamped for the night about one mile from the town. Marched the following day and crossed the Saluda River, marching nearly all night. Crossed Broad River on the 19th and marched in the direction of Chesterville. Crossed Wateree River at Rocky Mount Post-Office on the 23rd and reached Lancaster Court-House on the 25th, and encamped until the 28th. Broke camp and marched on the Chesterfield road a short distance and encamped.

On the morning of March 3 I again took up the march in the direction of Wadesborough, N. C., and reached a point about twelve miles from that place and encamped for the night. On the 2nd I remained in camp until 2 p. m. ; heavy skirmishing around the lines, when I broke camp and marched two miles and a half at a trot, where I took up position for the night behind rail barricades, supported by the Eighth Indiana Cavalry. About dark the enemy came charging upon our front, mounted, when I was ordered by Colonel Jordan to pen fire on them; after firing a few rounds the enemy drew off, and did not molest us again during the night. After this I marched with command to this place without further incident worth note in my command via Rockingham and Fayetteville, where I arrived on the 24th of March, 1865.

Of the conduct of my men, they all did their duty as soldiers throughout the campaign, both on the march and in action.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. BLANFORD.

Lieutenant, Commanding Howitzer Battery.

Captain E. W. WARD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt., General First Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 219. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General Smith D. Atkins, Ninety-second Illinois (mounted) Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations January 28-March 24.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION.

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Mount Olive, N. C., April 1, 1865.

MAJOR: Herewith find reports of my regimental and detachment commanders of the campaign through the Carolinas-some of them journalized accounts of each day's march. I beg they be taken as part of this report:

We first saw the enemy at Salkehatchie Swamp, near Barnwell February 6. The main force of Wheeler's (rebel) cavalry had here waited our advance, but our cavalry not showing itself, the enemy's cavalry was the day previous marched from Barnwell toward Branchville and the right of the Army, leaving their heavy works at the Salkehatchie to be held by about 100 men. Two companies of the Ninth Ohio and the Ninety-second Illinois dismounted, waded the swamp and creek and flanked the earth-works in the enemy's possession, when he

