
armed with Spencers, which accounts for the great loss of the enemy. Wheeler followed [us] to our barricades at Johnson's, but made no organized attack on that portion of the line defended by my brigade.

I next saw the enemy on March 4, while in camp about ten miles south of Wadesborough, my pickets being furiously attacked at 12 m. The pickets of the Tenth Ohio and Ninth Michigan were forced back with slight loss. The Tenth Ohio, dismounted, in barricades, was flanked and fell back to line of battle of Ninety-second Illinois and Ninth Michigan. We held these cross-roads, with some skirmishing, until 5 p. m., when the divisions having passed that point, we withdrew, the enemy following and attacking lightly. Just at dark passed through First Brigade, heavily barricaded. On March 16 [15] we again saw the enemy about 3 p. m. at Black Creek, the Ninth Michigan in advance. The entire regiment was deployed on foot and developed a long line of the enemy's infantry skirmishers. Prisoners from the First South Carolina Heavy Artillery were brought in and reported Johnston's army in our front intrenched. We pushed their skirmishers into their works, developing their position and drawing the fire of their Artillery. By order of General Kilpatrick, while the Ninth Michigan skirmished with the enemy, I put my brigade into position and barricaded strongly; also by his direction, I put the other brigades into position as they came up. When the barricades were completed I withdrew the Ninth Michigan, the enemy following in considerable force and feeling strongly our position. Our Artillery kept them at respectful distance. During the night a brigade of infantry relieved my brigade in the barricades.

The next day [16th] my brigade was in rear. About 10 a. m. I received an order from General Kilpatrick to join Jordan, take command of both brigades, and hold the right. I soon found him, and on learning the position sent the Ninth Michigan and Ninety-second Illinois (my Spencer regiments), dismounted, to relieve that portion of his command which had exhausted their ammunition, with orders to hold, at any hazard, the advantage gained, but not to advance. The Ninth Ohio was deployed, mounted, to protect the right flank, and the Tenth Ohio, dismounted held in reserve. With heavy skirmishing we held the position until relieved by the infantry. While mounting my brigade the Ninth Ohio went forward as the infantry advanced, for an account of which I respectfully refer to Colonel Hamilton's report. On the evening of March 19, near Bentonville, we went into position on the left of the First Brigade, building log breast-works, and remained until daylight of March 22, when we moved to relieve the skirmish line of the Twentieth Army Corps, which was done by the Ninety-second Illinois, dismounted. It was soon reported that there was no enemy in our front, and by order of General Kilpatrick I sent the Tenth Ohio to Mill Creek to know if the enemy had crossed.

During the campaign we have subsisted our animals and men upon the country; have captured as many animals as we have worn out; been always successful; taken 72 prisoners, and marched 572 miles. At times on the march we encountered terrible roads, from Rockingham to Solemn Grove it was swamp after swamp; Artillery and ambulances were dragged through the mud and water armpit-deep, and frequently bridges, hundreds of feet in length, were constructed by using pine trees or stringers and rails for flooring. In the drenching rain, floundering through marshes and swamps, by night and day, the willing energy of my officers, the first to plunge in, and the cheerful obedience

