
and willing labor of the men have won my highest esteem. With such energetic and cheerful officers and men almost any difficult can be surmounted.

To the commanders of my regiments; to Lieutenant Clark, Tenth Wisconsin Artillery; to Lieutenant Linder, in charge of my pioneers, and through them to their officers and me, I return my sincerest thanks for their prompt obedience to all my orders, and their soldierly conduct during the entire campaign.

To all the members of my staff I am greatly indebted for their unwearied attention, anticipating my wishes, and executing al my orders. To each of them I tender my thanks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SMITH D. ATKINS.

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major L. G. ESTES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Cav. Div. Mil. Div. of the Miss.

Numbers 220. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Matthew Van Buskirk, Ninety-second Illinois (mounted) Infantry, of operations January 28-March 24.
HDQRS. NINETY-SECOND ILLINOIS VOL. MOUNTED INFTY.,Near Mount Olive, N. C., March 31, 1865.

I have the honor to make the following report of my regiment during the campaign through the Carolinas:

January 28, struck tents at 7 a. m. and marched toward Sister's Ferry eight miles, when we went into camp for the night. January 29, marched toward Sister's Ferry fifteen miles, and went into camp for the night. January 30, marched to Sister's Ferry twelve miles. January 31, February 1 and 2, remained in camp at Sister's Ferry.

February 3, crossed pontoon bridge, marching to Robertsville, S. C., eight miles to camp. February 4, marched to Lawtonville, S. C., sixteen miles. February 5, marched to Allendale, S. C.,; seventeen miles. 6th, marched to Barnwell, S. C., fifteen miles. Two miles before reaching Barnwell, at a swamp the enemy had thrown up formidable earth-works and manned them with some force to resist our progress. My regiment was ordered forward, dismounted, being obliged to ford a creek from four to five feet deep. As soon as the creek was crossed, I charged his works, at the same time turning his right flank, when he abandoned his works in confusion. February 7, marched to Blackville, S. C., ten miles. 8th tore up railroad track at Blackville till 12 m., when we marched to Windsor, S. C., nine miles. Tore up railroad in the evening. February 9, marched to Williston, S. C., ten miles. 10th, marched to Johnson's Station; six miles. Captain Becker and twenty-five men went out on a scout to ascertain the position of the enemy. He met the enemy's scouts, driving them into the town of Aiken to their main force in a strong position, wounding one of them severely. February 11, one battalion, Captain Timms commanding was sent out at 3 a. m. to surprise and attack the enemy's picket. He passed around in rear of the vedettes, capturing them, and

56 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

