
then attacked the main reserve, driving them back to their main force, killing one man. At 7 a. m. was ordered out to go to Aiken, my regiment having the advance of the brigade. One battalion, Captain Schermerhorn commanding, was sent forward as skirmishers. He soon found the enemy's pickets and attacked them, driving them from successive lines of barricades into the town of Aiken upon their main force (Hampton and Wheeler), posted in strong position in the town. I put my regiment in lie and moving forward attacked them, forcing back their center. Their line being much longer and force greatly superior they turned both my right and left flank, charging in and forming line in my rear. With skirmishers to protect my front, I formed, faced to the rear, and charged the line in my rear. They fought stubbornly and a hand-to-hand conflict ensued, but they were forced to yield, and fled in wildest confusion. While engaged with the first line they formed a second line, but with no better success to them than the first. Having cleared my rear my skirmishers in front were sorely pressed, fighting hand to hand. With the Ninth Michigan on my left and Ninth Ohio on my right we charged the enemy and relieved my skirmishers. He fled before the combined charged, and we drove him nearly through the town, when, orders came to withdraw, which was done in good order. The fighting was determined and desperate, and each officer and man of my regiment proved himself a hero. In falling back to our fortified position at Johnson's Station, he pressed the rear very hard. By order I formed my regiment on either side of the road and checked him in his impetuosity.

My casualties in this fight were 5 killed, 11 wounded, and 7 missing, including 2 officers. My wounded were all brought off from the field.

February 12, remained in camp. Sent a scout to the right to ascertain whether the enemy were moving, but he was not to be found. February 13, marched to Davis' Mills on the South Edisto River; sixteen miles. February 14, crossed the South Edisto and marched to the North Edisto; twenty miles. 15th, crossed North Edisto and marched toward Columbia, S. C., eighteen miles. 16th, marched to Lexington; ten miles. 17th, crossed the pontoon bridge over the Saluda River, and encamped near Mills' Ferry; sixteen miles. 18th, marched to Alston on Broad River; fifteen miles. 19th, marched to pontoons, on Broad River; eight miles. 20th, crossed bridge, marching a distance of twenty-one miles. 21st, marched to Adger's fifteen miles. 22nd, arched to Black Stock; eight miles. 23rd, marched to Rocky Mount Ferry, where a halt was made to feed. We then crossed the Catawba River on pontoons, and marching all night, halted to feed on Green's plantation, marching eighteen miles. 24th, marched to Lancaster, S. C. 25th, 26th, and 27th, remained in camp. 28th, marched toward Chesterfield, S. C. ; six miles.

March 1, relieved the Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry on picket. March 2, marched on the Chesterfield road to Lynch's Creek; twenty miles. 3rd, marched toward Wadesborough, N. C.,; thirteen miles. 4th, the brigade pickets were attacked at 11 a. m., and my regiment was ordered out to support the Tenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry. The Tenth was driven in, and my skirmishers exchanged some shots with the enemy, he not being inclined to advance on my barricade. The order was received to withdraw, and my regiment was assigned the rear of the division. Slight skirmishing was kept up in the rear. Casualties, one man wounded. We passed through the First Brigade, which had taken position and strongly barricaded. Marched eight miles and

