
you will have through life, resting in your own bosoms, the sweet consciousness that the blows you struck, the fatigues and privations you endured were for liberty, humanity, and good government.

Respectfully submitted.

M. VAN BUSKIRK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain H. J. SMITH,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier 3rd Cav. Div., Mil. Div. of the Miss.

Numbers 221. Report of Colonel George S. Acker, Ninth Michigan Cavalry, of operations January 28-March 23.
HDQRS. NINTH MICHIGAN VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Near Mount Olive, N. C., March 29, 1865.

In compliance with orders I have the honor to submit the following report of the campaign from Savannah, Ga., to Mount Olive, N. C. ;

January 28, at 7 a. m. we broke camp near King's Bridge, Ga., and marched to a point on the Georgia Central Railroad, ten miles from Savannah; marching twelve miles. January 29, marched in rear of brigade to near Springfield twenty-three miles. January 30, we left Springfield and marched to Sister's Ferry; twelve miles. January 31, command encamped at Sister's Ferry. Sergeants Toban and Duffy, of Company c, requested and received my permission to visit the scene of our engagement of the 7th of December last, about ten miles distant and learn, if possible, the fate of Captain Ladd, Lieutenant Bateman and six men of my regiment who were lost in the gallant charge of the Second Battalion, under Major McBride. Finding a rebel picket on the road, they eluded it by keeping under cover of the woods, and succeeded in finding a grave which, upon disinterring the bodies, proved to be that of Captain Ladd, and Sergeant Connelly, of his company. Being discovered by a party of Iverson's (rebel) brigade, which was encamped in the vicinity they narrowly escaped captured by concealing themselves in the woods until dark, when they found their way safely into camp.

Sergeants Toban and Duffy deserve great credit for this successful scout within the enemy's lines.

We remained in camp at Sister's Ferry until February 3, at 8 a. m. ; crossed Savannah River and marched to Thomasville [Robertsville]; seven miles. February 4, marched to Lawtonville; twelve miles. February 5, left Lawtonville and marched in rear of brigade to Allendale, twenty miles, burning and destroying everything as we went. February 6, marched to Barnwell Court-House fifteen miles, meeting with considerable opposition at Salkehatchie Swamp; regiment not engaged. February 7, marched to Blackville Station, South Carolina Railroad; ten miles. February 8, Third Battalion on picket, First and Second Battalions busily at work during the forenoon destroying and railroad track. At 1 p. m. left Blackville and marched to Williston Station, nine miles, where the regiment destroyed effectually the portion of railroad track assigned to it. February 9, marched to Windsor Station; eight miles. February 10, marched to Johnson's Station and went into camp, barricading it strongly. Captain Hinchey with his company made a successful scout to near Aiken, and reported a strong force of

