
the enemy at that place. February 11, from Johnson's our brigade made a remarkably successful reconnaissance to Aiken a distance of six miles. The enemy were discovered to be in strong force, and after a sharp engagement, lasting for nearly an hour, we retired in good order to Johnson's Station. The enemy's cavalry followed us cautiously to our barricade. During the engagement the regiment occupying the extreme left of our line made a saber charge upon the rebel right as they were advancing upon us and repulsed them handsomely. February 12, in camp at Johnson's. The enemy appeared in some force in front of our picket-line, but without making an attack. February 13, we marched to Davis' Bridge, South Fork of the Edisto River; fifteen miles. February 14, marched at 1 a. m. to Gunter's Bridge, North Fork of the Edisto River; twenty miles. February 15, we marched toward Lexington Court-House; twelve miles. February 16, marched to Lexington; eight miles. February 17, left Lexington, and crossing Saluda River near Columbia, marched to High Hill Creek; eighteen miles. February 18, marched in advance of brigade, brigade in advance, to Alston Station, Spartanburg, and Union Railroad; sixteen miles. The enemy made a feeble effort to hold the magnificent railroad bridge over Broad River at this place, but upon our advancing they fired the bridge and fled. Our efforts to save the bridge were unsuccessful. After destroying the station-house and a store-house we encamped for the night. February 19, at 6 p. m. moved down the river to---- Ferry and bivouacked. February 20, crossed Broad River at daylight and marched to near Monticello; ten miles. February 21, marched to near Adger's Turnout, Charlotte and South Carolina Railroad; fourteen miles. February 22, marched to Black Stocks Station, eight miles; barricaded and went into camp 4 p. m. Broke camp and marched four miles on Camden road. February 23, marched to Rocky Mount Ferry, Catawba River, fifteen miles; crossed the river at midnight and marched toward Lancaster; ten miles. February 24, marched toward Lancaster six miles over very heavy roads. February 25, marched to Lancaster, six miles, and encamped in the town until February 28; we marched to Gilead Church; five miles.

March 1, we moved camp one mile. March 2, marched at daylight toward Wadesborough; seventeen miles. March 3, marched into North Carolina sixteen miles and went into camp at Phillips' Cross-Roads. March 4, at 1 p. m. the picket on the White Store road was driven in by the enemy, thus opening a road to the rear of Companies E and H, picketing the Wadesborough road. Captains Hinchey and Rice, in command, not being notified of this fact, were resisting a vigorous attack by the enemy in their front when they were suddenly assailed by overwhelming numbers in the rear. They at once decided to cut their way through to the command. In the charge Captain Rice lost 2 men killed and 11 from the command missing. Captain Hinchey had his horse shot and quite a number of his men also lost their horses. After holding the cross-roads for three hours our brigade moved beyond the camp of the First Brigade to Bethel Church, ten miles, skirmishing in the rear nearly the whole distance. Early in the day, in compliance with orders from division headquarters, a scouting party of 100 men, under command of Major McBride, was sent to Wadesborough, nine miles with written instructions to "clean out the town. " The Major proceeded to Wadesborough, destroyed a grist-mill, saw-mill, tannery, large Government stables and all other public property. He discovered no enemy until he neared our picket-post of the morning, when his advance guard reported the enemy in front. Deeming

