
it impossible, he rode up with the advance, when the rebels opened fire upon him. By a gallant charge he drove them back, but seeing our pickets no longer there and the dead bodies of two of our men, he withdrew and joined the command near Bethel Church by another road. The coolness and courage of Major McBride and the men under his command on this occasion is highly commendable. March 5, marched to Morven Post-Office and thence at 9 p. m. to pontoon bridge across Great Pedee River near the State line of North and South Carolina.

March 6, crossed Great Pedee River at 9 p. m. and marched toward Rockingham ten miles. March 7, marched to Rockingham; ten miles. March 8, marched twenty-five miles, crossing Lumber River, and camping in southern extremity of Moore County. March 9, we marched to Solemn Grove twelve miles, near which place the advance of our brigade encountered the enemy in force on the Morgantown road. Countermarching we moved toward General Kilpatrick's headquarters at Green Springs, six miles on a road running parallel with the Morgantown road. Learning from prisoners captured that a division of Hampton's (rebel) cavalry had the road but a short distance in advance of us, and also that the enemy were moving in strong force on the Morgantown road, less than a mile to our left, the general commanding ordered a countermarch, my regiment from this point taking the rear. Before countermarching my picket on the left flank had been repeatedly attacked by scouting parties of the enemy, but they, with great credit to themselves, held their position in every case.

In connection with this, I beg leave to mention the cheerfulness and alacrity with which the officers and men of my regiment performed every duty and obeyed every order during the perilous night. Especially would I make mention of the gallant conduct of Sergeants Toban and Duffy and Privates Bullock and Nash of Company C.

General Atkins, desirous of ascertaining the truth of the report made by prisoners captured, asked for two or three reliable men to scout to the Morgantown road, upon which the enemy were moving. Sergeants Toban and Duffy and Privates Bullock and Nash promptly volunteered and reported to the general for orders. After encountering many dangers, being three times surrounded, they all, with the exception of Private Bullock, who was captured, succeeded in reaching our column. Private Bullock, after being in the hands of the enemy twenty-four hours, escaped at Fayetteville on the night of the 10th. We marched all night (total distance about thirty miles) and arrived March 10 at Green Springs, where the Third Brigade were hotly engaged early in the morning. At 4 p. m. marched toward Fayetteville; ten miles. Total distance marched, twenty miles.

March 11, marched to near Fayetteville, fourteen miles, and encamped until March 15. Marched at 1 a. m. to Fayetteville; crossed the Cape Fear River at 3 a. m. and marched to near Averasborough; thirty miles. The regiment, being in advance of brigade, were engaged during the afternoon in skirmishing with Rhett's brigade, of South Carolina Heavy Artillery, with no serious results on our side. March 16, moved out about 8 a. m. and took position; dismounted on extreme right of our line my regiment relieving the Eighth Indiana Cavalry. My skirmish line was briskly engaged all the morning, during which time they drove the enemy about a mile to their works with considerable loss to them. At noon we were covered by the Twentieth Army Corps and retired to our horses. March 17, marched toward Smithfield seven miles. March 18, marched to near Mingo Creek; fifteen miles. March 19, marched to

