
near Deatonville [Bentonville]; took up position and picketed roads to rear of infantry. Remained in position until March 22. Regiment relieved infantry skirmish line. Were withdrawn during forenoon and moved in direction of Mount Olive six miles. March 23, marched to Clinton; eighteen miles.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. ACKER,

Colonel, Commanding Ninth Michigan Cavalry.

Captain H. J. SMITH,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Cav. Div., Mil. Div. of the Miss.

Numbers 222. Report of Colonel William D. Hamilton Ninth Ohio Cavalry, of operations January 28-March 24.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH OHIO VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Near Mount Olive, N. C., March 30, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with your order I have the honor to submit the following report of my regiment during the recent campaign of the army from Savannah, Ga., to this place:

January 28, we left camp near Savannah and proceeded to Sister's Ferry, a point on the Savannah River,

-----

miles above the city, where we remained a short time, waiting until the pontoon was laid and the swamp on the other side was made passable.

February 3, we crossed the river; the swamps on the other side were almost impassable, and we were compelled to encamp on the side of the road about midnight and wait until morning before we could get through. After leaving the vicinity of the river we found the roads better and proceeded for some days without obstruction from any cause. February [6], this morning, the Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry being in the advance, we encountered a detachment of the enemy strongly posted upon an elevated and fortified position at the extremity of a swamp near the town of Barnwell, S. C. Companies A and B, being in the advance guard, dismounted and advanced on foot as skirmishers, wading waist-deep in water, and after skirmishing for about two hours, gained the high ground on the enemy's left. In the meantime our Artillery had opened upon the works, and the Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry, armed with Spencer rifles, had been ordered up by General Kilpatrick, and the enemy fled, leaving our way unobstructed, except by the partial destruction of the bridges, which we soon repaired, and proceeded into Barnwell, where we encamped for the night. During the night quite a number of buildings were consumed by fire. Next day we struck the Charleston and South Carolina Railroad at Blackville, where we remained for the night, destroying the railroad. From this point we proceeded up the road toward Augusta, destroying it, driving the enemy's cavalry, under General Wheeler, before us until we came to Johnson's Station, five miles east of Aiken. Finding the enemy to have gathered in strong force in our front we threw up strong rail barricades, and next morning General Kilpatrick ordered the Second Brigade to move forward to Aiken, leaving the First and Third Brigades at the barricades. The order of march that morning of the Second Brigade placed the Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry in advance, followed by the section of Artillery, Ninth Michigan, Tenth Ohio, and Ninth Ohio Cavalry. We encountered the enemy shortly after starting, who, however, fell back before the skirmishers

