
ments of the enemy were seen almost daily, yet nothing of importance occurred during our march through South Carolina.

March 6, we crossed the Great Pedee River and entered North Carolina. On the morning of March 9 we found a large force of the enemy, principally cavalry, under General Hampton upon our left. General Kilpatrick with the Third Brigade had gone forward some miles in advance. Our (the Second) brigade while moving forward after dark came upon the enemy going into camp upon a road which crossed the one upon which General Atkins was marching; whereupon General Atkins halted the column and sent out reconnoitering parties to learn their position, strength, &amp;c., which upon ascertaining he countermarched his command some three miles, sending a courier to inform Colonel Jordan, commanding First Brigade, which had been left five miles int he rear. In the night march our flankers and those of the enemy came in contact with each other frequently; some skirmishing ensued, but nothing more. After marching about three miles we turned to our left, striking a swamp which, on account of the recent heavy rains we found almost impassable for a man on horseback. Our Artillery struck the horses floundering in the mud and water until it was with great difficulty they could be saved from drowning. They were at length disengaged from the carriages, and I dismounted a battalion of regiment who, with some men from the other regiments, dragged the guns and caissons, through by hand, wading waist-deep. This occupied us until morning, after which we felled timber and built a bridge upon which the remainder of the command crossed easily. March 10, about 10 o'clock some stragglers came in from the Third Brigade who, stated that General Kilpatrick with their brigade had been attacked early in the morning, " routed and badly used up. " We afterward found that although surprised at first, they had rallied, retaken their camp and baggage, and routed the enemy in return. We met General Kilpatrick about noon, and remained in the vicinity most of the day.

March 11, we moved into Fayetteville, where we remained three days, after which we crossed the Cape Fear River and moved up upon the north side, some fifteen miles, passing part of the Twentieth Army Corps, who had driven the enemy from a slightly fortified position in their front the preceding day. Shortly after passing this point our advance struck the enemy's outposts, driving them back under a brisk and increasing fire until night, when amidst a heavy rain we went into camp, throwing up an extensive line of barricades on our front and flanks. A brigade of infantry came up during the night, and next morning the cavalry moved out and engaged the enemy, who we found in force waiting for our advance. The action between the enemy and our cavalry soon became general and continued until about 10 o'clock when our infantry came up and relieved us. At this time I was ordered by General Kilpatrick to move up the right flank of the infantry to support it and watch the movements of the enemy, both forces enveloped in dense pine woods. We accordingly moved forward under the immediate direction of General Kilpatrick keeping pace with the infantry, although the ground was so soft as to make it impossible for us to move with any degree of celerity. Our scouts reported to General Kilpatrick that there was a road running upon our right flank round to the rear of the enemy's position; at the same time some prisoners just taken reported the ene General Kilpatrick accordingly ordered me to move out upon and down that road toward the enemy, but as I was almost destitute of ammunition not to fire upon them. Upon nearing the road I found a rebel force moving in column, evidently with a view of coming in upon our right flank under

