
May 9. -Left for Richmond, Va., where it arrived May 11.

May 13. -Moved through Richmond, en route for Alexandria, Va., where it arrived May 20.

May 24. -Passed through Washington in review to present camp, north of Washington, D. C.

June 2. -Broke camp at Washington City, D. C., and started by railroad to Parkersburg, where we arrived June 5; thence by transports by the Ohio River to Louisville, Ky., where we arrived June 8, establishing present camp at Woodhawn, Ky., seven miles distant from Louisville, Ky.

Third Brigade, Fourth Division.

June 3. -The brigade left Washington and proceed by rail to Parkersburg, W. Va., and from thence by transports to Louisville; went into camp and has been engaged in the ordinary routine of camp and garrison duty since.

There has been no military operations during the month, except the change of camp.

Artillery Brigade.

[February.]-The command participated in the campaign from Beaufort, S. C., under Major General W. T. Sherman, marching during the month 256 miles.

February 1. -Twelfth Wisconsin Battery engaged the enemy at Hickory Hill, S. C., firing twenty-six rounds.

February 3. -Company H, First Illinois Light Artillery, engaged the enemy at ---- Store, S. C., firing-five rounds.

February 6. -Company B, First Michigan Light Artillery, shelled the enemy at Little Salkehatchie River, firing six rounds.

February [15]. -Company H, First Illinois Light Artillery, expended three rounds of ammunition near Congaree Creek.

February 15. -Twelfth Wisconsin Battery engaged the enemy near Congaree Creek, firing thirty rounds; Company B, First Michigan Light Artillery, fired six rounds near Congaree Creek.

February 16. -Company H, First Illinois Light Artillery, Twelfth Wisconsin Battery, and Company H, First Missouri Light Artillery, engaged in shelling the city of Columbia, S. C., firing 215 rounds.

ENGAGEMENTS TWELFTH WISCONSIN BATTERY.

March 20. -Skirmished with the enemy near Falling Creek, N. C.

March 21. -Fight near Mill Creek.

COMPANY B, FIRST MICHIGAN LIGHT ARTILLERY.

March 20. -Skirmished with the enemy at Falling Creek, N. C.

March 21. -Fight near Mill Creek.

COMPANY H, FIRST MISSOURI LIGHT ARTILLERY.

March 16. -Skirmished with the enemy near Little Rockfish [Little Cohera] Creek.

March 21. -Fight near Mill Creek, N. C.

Miles marched by the command during the month, 201.

March 31. -Batteries in position covered by strong works in the line of defenses at Goldsborough, N. C.

