
cover of the underbrush, which was so dense that we did not notice them until within a few yards of their column. As the ground was too soft to charge them, I ordered my men to fire, which was promptly done, and returned by the enemy. My men then fell back some 200 yards to higher ground and reformed, driving back the enemy who had followed us up. Here we remained holding Harrison's brigade of rebel infantry (as we learned from prisoners taken) in check until a brigade of our infantry was sent round to relieve us, about which time the enemy withdrew. In this affair I lost two men killed by the enemy's first fire, besides a number of horses wounded.

During the day the enemy retired, having suffered severely, and we continued our march without much interruption until March 19, when we heard heavy cannonading some distance in our front, and in the evening came up to part of the Fourteenth Army Corps, which we found had been heavily engaged with the enemy, whose forces had combined in their front, near the village of Bentonville, under the rebel General Johnston. There our cavalry were ordered to form in line of battle protecting the rear. As my regiment was destitute of ammunition we were placed in reserve. That part of the Fourteenth Army Corps which had been engaged having been re-enforced by a division of the Twentieth Army Corps, repulsed the different charges made by the enemy that evening and night. Next morning our lines were advanced the enemy falling back about a mile within their works, and the next night they evacuated, leaving us masters of the field. The next day we received a circular from General Kilpatrick informing us that the campaign had closed and that we would go into camp at Mount Olive on the Wilmington and Goldsborough Railroad, where we should receive clothing and rest.

During the campaign on account of the fact that we had to depend almost exclusively upon the country for our supplies, quite a number of men were captured by the enemy who constantly hung around our flanks watching for foraging parties sent out for that purpose, a list of whom is herewith attached.

During the latter part of the campaign my command was rendered to a considerable extent ineffective on account of the lack of ammunition for our carbines (Smith), a large portion of it having been rendered worthless by the rains which fell during the march. I regard the weapon for that reason, and for its liability to get out of repair, as one which should not be used in the service.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your, obedient servant,

W. D. HAMILTON.

Colonel Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Bvt. Brigadier General S. D. ATKINS.

Commanding Second Brigadier, Cavalry Div., Mil., Div. of the Miss.

Numbers 223. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas W. Sanderson, Tenth Ohio Cavalry, of operations January 28-March 24.

HEADQUARTERS TENTH OHIO CAVALRY.

In the Field, April 1, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment since the 28th day of January, 1865:

The regiment made the march from Savannah through the Carolinas with the brigade to which it is attached, and during the campaign was

