
only twice specially engaged with the enemy, to wit, at Aiken, on the 11th day of February, 1865, when the Second Brigade moved to Aiken and encountered the enemy in force. In covering the movements of other regiments in retiring the regiment lost as follows: Killed, 2; wounded, 4; missing, 10; total 16. Again, in the engagement of the 4th of March the regiment lost: Killed, 1; wounded, 1; missing, 1; total 3. During the whole campaign the regiment lost: Killed, 4; wounded, 10; captured, 11; missing, 23; total, 48.

There were captured by the regiment 98 horses and 27 mules.

Very respectfully submitted.

THOS. W. SANDERSON.

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Tenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Captain H. J. SMITH.

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, Third Cavalry Division.

Numbers 224. Report of Colonel George E. Spencer, First Alabama Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations January 28-March 24.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, CAVALRY COMMAND

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Faison's Depot, N. C. March 30, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders received from your headquarters, on the 28th, of January last, this command, consisting of the First Alabama Cavalry, Major Cramer commanding; Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, Major C. T. Cheek commanding; and the Fifth Ohio Cavalry, Major Rader commanding and Lieutenant Stetson commanding section of the Tenth Wisconsin Battery, broke camp on the Little Ogeechee River, Ga., ten miles from Savannah, and marched to Sister's Ferry, Ga., arriving there on the following evening. We remained at Sister's Ferry, waiting for the completion of the pontoon bridge over the Savannah River and the causeway on the opposite side until the afternoon of the 2nd [3rd] of February, when we again resumed our line of march.

Nothing of interest occurred until the morning of the 6th of February, when we left Allendale and marched on the left flank of the division to Barnwell Court-House. This day we skirmished considerably with Crews' brigade, of Wheeler's command, and drove them to our left.

We captured during the day five prisoners without loss ourselves. On the morning of the 8th we broke camp at Blackville four hours in advance of the balance of the division and marched to Williston, the First Alabama having the advance. After marching about five miles we struck a force of the enemy and our advance engaged them and had no difficulty in driving them in and through the town of Williston. Being ordered to go into camp there I commenced putting the command into camp, when the picket-post on the Aiken road was attacked. I immediately re-enforced the post with two squadrons of the First Alabama Cavalry, under Captain Latty, with orders to feel of the enemy and endeavor to ascertain what force was in the vicinity, and I ceased further preparations for going into camp for the present. The firing in the advance becoming quite heavy, I ordered Major Cramer to

