
take the balance of Major Tramel's battalion of the First Alabama and go to the support of Captain Latty, with instructions to crowd the enemy (the other battalion of the First Alabama Cavalry then being with General Slocum on the road from Sister's Ferry.) I then ordered Major Cheek, with the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, and Lieutenant Stetson with his section of battery, without the caissons to move out to the support of Major Cramer. I then directed Major Rader to leave one battalion of his regiment with the transportation of the brigade and caissons and in charge of the town, and to take the two other battalions of his regiment and move slowly out on the Aiken road in support of the force already sent. By this time Major Cramer had driven the enemy about one mile and a half into a strong line of battle, in a strong position in timber, with one flank resting on a large pond and a large open field in their front. I ordered Major Cramer to deploy his men in a skirmish line and the Fifth Kentucky in line of battle and to charge, which was one by both commands in the most gallant manner, the enemy stopping to fire but one volley. Then commenced one of the most thorough and complete routs I ever witnessed. The ground was completely strewn with guns, haversacks, &amp;c. Five battle-flags were captured, including the brigade and four regimental flags, and a large number of horses and over thirty prisoners. After a charge of about seven miles from this point the enemy dispersed and went in every direction through the woods and swamps. I then ordered the chase to be discontinued and brought the command back to camp at Williston. The force we had the encounter with proved to be the Alabama brigade, of Allen's division, Wheeler's cavalry corps, commanded by Colonel Hagan, and consisting of the First, Third, Fifth, Ninth, Twelfth, and Fifty-first Regiments Alabama Cavalry.

The next morning we again resumed our line of march and proceeded to Windsor, the next station toward Augusta, were we remained till the next morning, when we again moved still farther on the Augusta road to Johnson's Station without incident, where we went into camp and remained till the next morning, when the Second Brigade, General Atkins commanding, moved in the direction of Aiken. Soon hearing heavy firing in the direction of the Second Brigade, I put my command in line of battle behind rail barricades and awaited further developments. After a time the Second Brigade returned, followed closely by the enemy. The enemy then made a few slight demonstrations along my line, but made no attack. We remained in this position the remainder of the day and till the second afternoon, when I moved north to Pine Log Bridge on the South Edisto River, which I found burned, and impossible to build without a delay of at least three days. The next morning I moved down the river to Guignard's Bridge, twelve miles, and crossed at that point, General Jeff. c. Davis kindly giving me permission to cross in advance of his corps, when I moved eight miles in a northwest direction and went into camp for the night. Nothing of interest occurred for several days, and not till after we had crossed the Saluda, Broad, and Wateree Rivers, when we reached the town of Lancaster, S. C., and went into camp two miles and a half north of the town on Camp Creek and found a heavy force of the enemy immediately in my front with their pickets on the opposite side of the creek from mine. I then received an order from your headquarters to ascertain, if possible, whether a communication could be forwarded through the enemy's pickets to General Wade Hampton. I then sent

