
Captain Offutt, of my staff, and Major Fitzgibbon, of the Fourteenth Michigan, with a flag of truce, with the following written communication, viz:
HEADQUARTERS PICKE-LINE, U. S. FORCES,Near Lancaster, S. C., February 26, 1865

TO THE OFFICER IN CHARGE CONFEDERATE PICKET-LINE:

SIR: I am directed by the Major-general commanding to communicate with you and ascertain, if possible, whether a written communication can be forwarded through you to Lieutenant General Wade Hampton.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. SPENCER,

Colonel, Commanding

After a short time Major Fitzgibbon and Captain Offutt returned, bringing the following answer, viz:
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,February 26, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE E. SPENCER,

Commanding U. S. Picket-line:

SIR: In answer to your communication of this date, I beg leave to say that any communication you may have for Lieutenant-General Hampton will be received by my officer in charge of my picket-post on the Charlotte road, in your front, either this evening or on to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. WHEELER,

Major-General, Commanding.

I immediately forwarded General Wheeler's answer to you, and at 6. 30 the next morning Captain Brink came to my camp with a communication from Major-General Sherman to Wade Hampton. I furnished an escort and a white flag to Captain Brink and sent Major Fitzgibbon with him to the enemy's picket-post of the evening before. At precisely 7 o'clock they reached the appointed place, but did not find the enemy, when they proceeded up the Charlotte road about one mile with the flag, when the enemy's vedettes fired upon it, severely wounding Major Fitzgibbon in the left leg. Captain Brink still proceeded and delivered the communication and also informed the enemy of the wounding of Major Fitzgibbon. Captain Brink brought me back word that General Wheeler strongly condemned the action of his vidette in firing upon the flag, and would make any reparation in his power, and had severely punished the guilty parties. Upon consultation with your headquarters, I then demanded of General Wheeler that they should receive Major Fitzgibbon and send him by railroad in charge of a surgeon to our lines at City Point Va., which arrangement General Wheeler readily consented to, and he was forwarded on the morning of the 28th of February. On the same morning we again resumed our line of march in an easterly direction, my brigade marching fifteen miles upon the left flank of the division; raining very hard and the roads being almost impassable. The next day we again marched upon the left flank, but did not, on account of the horrible state of the roads, make more than eight miles. The following day we again marched upon the left of the division, and camped near the North Carolina line, three miles north of Blakeney's, in Chesterfield District, S. C.

On the morning of the 3rd of March we resumed our line of march on the left through a clay country with horrible roads and traveled a distance of ten miles, when we went into camp in Anson County, N. C., about three miles from the State line. We had hardly placed our pickets out when they were driven in by General Hampton's

