
cavalry. The command was quickly thrown into position and we awaited an attack. A small force of the enemy attempted to charge the extreme right of our lihells from Lieutenant Stetson's section quickly scattered them. We remained in position, expecting an attack, till next morning, when we again resumed our line of march without further incident till after we had crossed the Great Pedee River at Sneedsborough and passed Rockingham, N. C., On the 9th of March we moved in advance of the division from the headquarters of Lumber River, in Moore County, N. C., to Solemn Grove, reaching there about 2 p. m., some five hours in advance of the other two brigades. We there ascertained that General Hardee had passed that point the day before with his corps of infantry, and was marching as speedily as possible to Fayetteville. We also learned from our scouts and foragers that the enemy's cavalry was several miles upon our left flank, also moving toward the same point. We remained in position at Solemn Grove till 5 p. m. waiting for the balance of the command to join us, when we received orders to move with the Major-general commanding toward Fayetteville to Monroe's Cross-Roads, a distance of twelve miles. Before leaving Solemn Grove we were joined by Lieutenant-Colonel Way, commanding the dismounted men, and having in charge about 150 prisoners and the headquarters wagons of the division and ordnance train. In obedience to orders we move to Monroe's Cross-Roads, it raining terribly during the entire march, and went into camp there at 9 p. m. In obedience to instructions we picketed carefully the country in the direction of Fayetteville, leaving Lieutenant-Colonel Way, whose command was immediately in the rear of my brigade, to picket the rear. Simultaneously on the morning of the 10th of March with our reveille the camp of the dismounted men and our camp was charged by three divisions of the enemy's cavalry, viz, Butler's Hume's and Allen's General Hampton personally leading the charge of Butler's division and General Wheeler leading the charge on the right with Hume's division. The camp of the dismounted men was instantly captured; also the headquarters of the division and brigade, and with the wagons and Artillery. In the cavalry camp the firing became very severe, and for a time the enemy gained and held nearly two-thirds of their camp, when, by desperate fighting behind trees, the men succeeded in driving the enemy entirely out of camp and partially away from the headquarters. About this time Lieutenant Stetson succeeded in creeping stealthily to his section of Artillery and unlimbered one of his guns and fired upon the enemy. This was a rallying signal for the entire command, and immediately a sufficient force was placed in support of the battery and a withering and deadly fire of grape and canister was opened upon the enemy. Three successive charges were made by the enemy to recapture our Artillery, but each charge was unsuccessful and cost them dearly.

About 7. 30 the enemy retreated in confusion, leaving their dead and wounded in our hands. One hundred and three of the enemy's dead were left on the field, also a large number of wounded and about thirty prisoners. Our men were too much exhausted and fatigued to follow the enemy, and nearly all were out of ammunition. For two hours and a half three small regiments, numbering in the aggregate less than 800 men, had successfully resisted the oft-repeated charges of three entire divisions, numbering not less than 5,000 men. We remained on the field of battle till 3 p. m. burying the dead and taking care of the wounded, when we moved about five miles in the direction

