
of Fayetteville and joined the other two brigades and camped for the night. Our loss at the battle of Monroe's Cross-Roads was 18 killed, 70 wounded, and 105 missing.

Among the killed and wounded were some of the best officers of the command. Adjutant Mitchell, of the Fifth Kentucky, was killed. The First Alabama Cavalry lost eight officers, including both of its field officers, Major Cramer being both wounded and a prisoner.

It is impossible for me to speak in too high terms of the conduct of the officers and men of my command in this fight, and it would be invidious to mention any, although I cannot let the gallant conduct of Lieutenant Stetson go without mention, who, unaided and alone, crept through the ranks of the enemy and unlimbered and fired one of his guns. To this fact, more than to any other, I ascribe a terrible disaster turned into a brilliant victory.

Nothing of further interest occurred until the 16th of March, when we struck Hardee's command on the Raleigh road near Averasborough, between the Cape Fear and Black Rivers. I was ordered to place my brigade on the left of the infantry and to advance upon the enemy. I placed the Fifth Ohio, Major Rader commanding, in front and in line of battle, the Fifth Kentucky and First Alabama in support, when we advanced skirmishing quite heavily up to within 200 yards of their works, when we were relieved by General Jackson's division of infantry of the twentieth Army Corps and moved to the extreme right. We lost 3 men wounded and several horses, and captured 18 prisoners.

Nothing further of interest occurred till the battle of Bentonville on the 19th, 20th, and 21st, when we were engaged guarding part of the time the left flank, which was done without loss. On the 24th instant we reached this point and went into camp after a campaign of fifty-five days, during which time I marched over 700 miles, crossing seven large rivers on pontoon bridges and an innumerable number of smaller streams and swamps that under ordinary circumstances would be considered impassable. At times I found the road in such a condition that even a mile an hour could not be averaged by the command.

My especial thanks are due and are here tendered to Captain Andrew Offutt, of my staff, who took charge of the pioneer corps of the brigade. To him we are indebted for any number of hastily constructed bridges, and also that our wagons and Artillery were not often abandoned in the almost impassable swamps of the two Carolinas.

My thanks are also tendered to my entire staff for their bravery, perseverance, and patient in executing each and every order during this long, laborious, and tedious campaign. I also tender my thanks to each of the regimental commanders for their faithful observance of each and every order, and their energy and zeal upon every occasion, and through them to their brave commands.

We subsisted almost entirely upon the country for rations for the men and entirely for forage for animals. For fifty days my bridge drew only five days' partial rations from the commissariat. I herewith forward the reports of the regimental commanders, and also Lieutenant Stetson's report. This command captured during the campaign 207 prisoners.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. SPENCER,

Colonel First Alabama Cavalry, Commanding Third Brigade.

Major L. G. ESTES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Cav. Div., Mil. Div. of the Miss.

