
Numbers 225 Report of Major Sanford Tramel, First Alabama Cavalry of operations January 28-March 24.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ALABAMA VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Faison's Depot, N. C., March 28, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders received from your headquarters, my regiment under command of Major F. L. Cramer, numbering 28 officers and 292 men for duty, broke camp near Savannah Ga., on the 28th day of January, 1865, and moved with the brigade on the Springfield road leading to Sister's Ferry on the Savannah River. We arrived at Sister's Ferry on the evening of the 29th, and camped two miles from the river, where we remained until the 3rd day of February, when we crossed the river and commenced our march in south Carolina in the direction of Lawtonville.

On the 4th Captain J. J. Hinds, commanding Second Battalion, was ordered back to Sister's Ferry to report to Major-General Slocum, in obedience to orders from the colonel commanding brigade. this left only one battalion of 170 men in the regiment. On the 6th we had some skirmishing with Crews' brigade, of Wheeler's command, capturing some prisoners. On the 7th assisted in destroying Charleston and Augusta Railroad. On the 8th we moved from Blackville on the road to Williston, my regiment in advance. I, with two squadrons, was ordered in the advance, and came to the rebel pickets just before reaching the village. We routed and drove them through the town, and established a picket-post half a mile west of the village, awaiting the arrival of the command. The regiment soon arrived, and as we were about to establish camp the picket-post was attacked. Captain Latty, in command of two squadrons, was immediately ordered forward with instructions to ascertain, if possible the force the enemy had in the vicinity. As he advanced the firing became rapid, and I, with the remaining three squadrons, was ordered to Captain Latty's assistance. We drove them one mile and a half, where we found they had established a strong line. Major Cramer was soon on the ground and took command of the main body in the center, while I, with twenty men, and Captain Latty with the same number, move on each flank of the enemy, Major Cramer advancing with the center. This movement routed them. We drove them half a mile, where they had another line. This we broke also, and halted for a short time, when Colonel Spencer, Commanding brigade, re-enforced us with the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry. We were then ordered to resume the chase, and on advancing found the enemy in a strong position in the woods near White Pond. On being ordered we charged them, when followed the most complete rout I ever witnessed. Guns, sabers, canteens, haversacks, saddle-bags, hats, and everything which would impede the flight of the affrighted and flying enemy were abandoned and completely strewn over the ground. We continued the pursuit over five miles, capturing quite a number of prisoners, with five stand of colors. We were then ordered to abandon the pursuit, and returned to camp at Williston. We ascertained we had been contending against a greatly superior force of the enemy.

The conduct of the officers and men of my regiment on this occasion was praiseworthy in the highest degree. The loss of the regiment was four men wounded, one mortally, who afterward died.

