
On the 10th of February Captain Hinds joined us with his battalion, and the regiment was present at the fight near Aiken, but took no active part, except to build a barricade and hold a position on the right. On the 11th we again resumed our march with the brigade, and participated in all the different scenes through which it passed, crossing the Edisto, Saluda, Broad, Wateree, and Great Pedee Rivers, via Lexington, Alston, Black Stocks, Lancaster, and Sneedsborough nothing of special importance occurring. After crossing the Great Pedee River and going into camp at 9 o'clock on the evening of March 6, I was ordered to take fifty men and proceed to Rockingham, N. C., about twelve miles distant, and, if possible, take the place and secure the mail. I advanced to within three miles of the place without meeting any opposition. I there found the road strongly picketed by the enemy, and immediately ordered my men to charge, which they did in a gallant manner, driving the enemy from post to post until we reached the edge of the village, where we found a line too strong for us to break with the small force at my command; consequently I ordered the men to fall back slowly, which they did in good order. I then returned to camp, arriving there at 4 a. m. on the 7th. We again moved with the brigade on the 7th, via Rockingham, and Solemn Grove, and on the evening of the 9th camped at Monroe's Cross-Roads, having marched during the day in close proximity with the enemy. At the sounding of reveille on the morning of the 10th instant, we were aroused from sleep by the whistling of bullets and the friendship yelling of the enemy, who were charging into our camp. Then followed a most bloody hand-to-hand conflict, our men forming behind trees and stumps and the enemy endeavoring to charge us (mounted) with the saber.

While gallantly cheering his men Major F. L. Cramer was wounded and taken prisoner.

The fighting was most desperate for an hour, when we succeeded in connection with the Fifth Kentucky and Fifth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, in driving the enemy away from our camps.

During the fight I was captured by the enemy and held as prisoner until the 14th instant, when I succeeded in making my escape, and after three days lying in the swamps and traveling nights, I succeeded in rejoining my command.

After my capture Captain J. J. Hinds took command of the regiment and retained dit until my return, and I am indebted to him for the gallant manner in which he handled the command during the remainder of that severe and terrible fight.

Captain Peek deserves special mention for his gallant daring and coolness during this struggle. The loss of the regiment in the affair was 4 men killed, 27 wounded, and 41 missing.

My regiment moved with the brigade, and was present when the cavalry encountered the enemy on the evening of the 15th, also in the fight of the 16th instant, but sustained no loss as it held a position on the left. We next encountered the enemy in strong force on the 18th, but evaded him by taking a road leading more to the right, while a portion of the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry attracted his attention at a certain point. We encountered the enemy again same day, but he was easily repulsed and driven away. My regiment continued with the brigade; was present and assisted in guarding the left flank of the army during the hard battles of the 19th, 20th, and 21st instant. The enemy then being routed and the campaign ended, my regiment moved with the brigade to Faison's Depot, where we arrived on the 24th instant and have remained in camp since that time.

57 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

