
During the campaign my regiment has captured something over 100 prisoners and over 200 horses.

The regiment has lost during the campaign; Major F. L. Cramer, severely wounded and a prisoner; afterward paroled on account of wounds. Captain John Latty, Company C; First Lieutenant George W. Emerick, Company A; First Lieutenant Joseph H. Hornback, Company K, Second Lieutenant George C. Jenkins, Company M, wounded severely; Surge. J. G. C. Swaving and First Lieutenant John P. Moore, Company E, captured. Moore afterward escaped. Four enlisted men killed, 28 wounded (2 or 3 mortally, who afterward died), 46 captured; 215 horses-some by being captured, others by being worn out and abandoned.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. TRAMEL.

Major First Alabama Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. N. LUKINS,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Cav. Div., Mil. Div. of the Miss.

Numbers 226. Report of Major Christopher T. Cheek, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, of operations January 28-March 24.
HDQRS. FIFTH KENTUCKY CAV., 3rd Brigadier, 3rd CAV. DIV.,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Faison's Depot, N. C., March 28, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that my regiment, numbering 200 effective men and 11 commissioned officers, broke camp near Savannah Ga., on the 28th day of January, 1865, in compliance with orders received from your headquarters and marched with the brigade until the 6th of February, during which time nothing occurred of interest.

The brigade arrived at Barnwell on the evening of the 6th, and went into camp for the night. On the morning of the 8th instant the regiment accompanied the brigade to Williston, S. C., on the Charleston and Augusta Railroad. The First Alabama Cavalry U. S. Volunteers, being in advance of the brigade, had a slight skirmish with the enemy's cavalry at this point, but easily succeeded in driving the enemy from the place. I was directed to put my regiment in position preparatory to going into camp for the night, but about this time the pickets of the First Alabama Cavalry, on the Augusta road were attacked by a considerable force of the enemy. Major Cramer, commanding the First Alabama Cavalry, was ordered to re-enforce the pickets and drive the rebels back. I was therefore directed not to unsaddle until Major Cramer returned or was heard from. In some half hour I received an order from the colonel commanding to proceed rapidly with my regiment to the support of Major Cramer, who had encountered a force of rebels, which they found too strong for them to drive. I had gone two miles at a rapid rate when I came up with the First Alabama and my regiment following them up. After having marched half a mile we again found the enemy consisting of six regiments posted in a thick woods and a

