
very advantageous [position] in our front. My regiment was immediately ordered into position by the colonel commanding. We moved forward some distance, skirmishing sharply with the enemy, when Colonel Spencer ordered a charge which resulted in driving the enemy in utter confusion from the battle-field. In their hasty flight they abandoned guns, haversacks, and everything which could impede their precipitate flight. A portion of the First Alabama Cavalry and one battalion of my regiment pursued the enemy for five miles. My regiment captured the brigade flag of Colonel Hagan's (Alabama) brigade, and the regimental colors of the Fourth and Ninth Alabama Cavalry, together with 8 or 10 prisoners, and many Enfield rifles, which were destroyed.

The conduct of my officers and men on this occasion was splendid.

Nothing transpired worthy of note until the 10th of March.

The regiment having marched till 9 o'clock the night previous, went into camp at Monroe's Cross-Roads in rear of the First Alabama Cavalry. The enemy during the night, under Wade Hampton, commanding the rebel cavalry, taking advantage of the darkness of the night and the inclemency of the weather, it being quite rainy, moved heavy columns of cavalry through the open pine wood to the vicinity of our camp preparatory to attacking the camp at daylight on the following morning. At early dawn on the morning of the 10th instant, we were awakened from our slumbers by the deadly missiles and fiendish shouts of the rebel cavalry charging into out camp in three different places, rear and both flanks. To the right of our camp we could see the dismounted brigade, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Way, Ninth Michigan Cavalry who had encamped in our rear, flying in every direction the rebel cavalry in hot pursuit. Having gained the swamp near by, they were formed and completely checked the onslaught of the rebels. In the meantime Colonel Spencer's brigade was fighting most desperately with the rebels, who outnumbered us ten to one, disputing as to who should hold the camp of the cavalry. Finally, after a most bloody conflict of one hour and a half, a few of my men, with Lieutenant Stetson, Tenth Wisconsin Battery charged and retook two pieces of Artillery which had been in possession of the rebels some half an hour. Lieutenant Stetson quickly fired a round of grape and canister into the rebel ranks, which greatly encouraged my men, and demoralized and discouraged the rebels to an equal extent. The men were easily rallied to the support of the Artillery, and the rebels were driven from the camp and the battle-field in the utmost confusion.

My men and officers on this occasion acted with the most determined gallantry, having in many instances desperate hand-to-hand conflicts with the enemy.

Thirty-three dead rebels were counted within the limits of my camp after the fight was over, including many officers.

It was individual bravery that saved the day upon this occasion; men fighting, not in organized bodies, but behind trees, stumps, and anything which could afford protection. Many of the men fought almost in a state of nudity, not having had time to dress themselves before the rebels were upon them.

I cannot speak too highly of the indomitable courage of my officers and men in this engagement. When all acted so nobly it would seem invidious to mention any by name; but I cannot forbear calling particular attention of the colonel commanding to the conspicuous gallantry displayed by Captain J. A. P. Glore, commanding First Battalion, of my regiment, on this occasion. He rendered very great service to me in

