
assisting to command the regiment throughout the campaign. Lieutenant W. D. Mitchell, adjutant of the regiment, was killed while bravely fighting the enemy. He was a gallant officer, beloved and respected by all who knew him.

On the morning of the 16th of March I was directed to follow the Fifth Ohio Cavalry and to support that regiment if necessary they being on the left flank of the infantry. My regiment was frequently under fire during the day but not engaged. On the morning of the 18th instant I was directed by the colonel commanding to take the advance of the brigade, on the road to Goldsborough. After having marched four miles on this road Captain Northrop, commanding scouts, struck the enemy's cavalry picket and skirmishing with them for sometime, ascertained that the enemy was in considerable force. I was here directed by Colonel Spencer to send Captain Glore with six companies of my regiment to divert he enemy's attention while the division passed on a road to the right of the one on which the enemy was found. We had traveled this road some two miles when the advance, consisting ofdismounted men, again struck the enemy's picket-post at a swamp but drove them back very readily. After having gone some half a mile farther the rebels made an impetuous charge upon Lieutenant Stetson's Artillery at a time when the swamp was between the commands and the Artillery. Therefore the rebels succeeded in getting into close proximity to the pieces, and poured in such a withering fire upon the defenseless cannoneers as caused them to abandon their horses. My regiment was quickly thrown into line under fire, and returned the fire of the rebels with so much effect as caused them to retreat in confusion. I with the Second Battalion of my regiment, pursued them half a mile, when I returned in compliance with Colonel Spencer's orders and joined the command. During the campaign the regiment has lost Lieutenant W. D. Mitchell, adjutant of the regiment, and Lieutenant Amos Griffin, Company L, killed; Lieutenant John W. Baker, commanding Company E, and Lieutenant Wiley S. Holland, commanding Company H, wounded; Captain John D. Smith, commanding Company C, and Lieutenant John Right, commanding Company B, captured; 6 enlisted men killed; 40 enlisted men captured; aggregate, 72; making the loss one-third of the effective force on the campaign. The regiment captured during the campaign 75 prisoners.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHEEK,

Major Fifth Regiment Kentucky Cavalry, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. N. LUKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 227. Report of Major George H. Rader, Fifth Ohio Cavalry, of operations January 28-March 24.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH OHIO CAVALRY VOLUNTEERS,

THIRD BRIGADE, THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,

Faison's Station, N. C., March 31, 1865

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of my command since breaking camp near Savannah, Ga., on the 28th day of January, 1865:

In compliance with orders received from brigade headquarters my command broke camp at 9 a. m. on the morning of the 28th of January

