
and marched fifteen miles, when we encamped for the night. Nothing of interest transpired with my command until we arrived at Williston, S. C., where my command was ordered out to support the Fifth Kentucky and First Alabama Cavalry Regiments, who were pursuing the fleeing enemy, but before arriving at the scene of action we were ordered to return, as our services were not needed. We returned to camp for the night. This was on the 8th day of February. On the evening of 9th of February my command destroyed about one mile of the Charleston and Augusta Railroad. On the 10th day of February my command assisted in tearing up and destroying a considerable portion of the above-named railroad at Johnson's Turnout. On the 11th my command held the extreme right, while the Second Brigade went out to reconnoiter, and subsequently assisted in covering their retreat. Nothing of interest occurred during our march until the evening of the 3rd of March, when we were attacked by a small force of the enemy immediately after going into camp. This was easily repulsed without loss. The next place, my command was at Monroe's Cross-roads, N. C. On the evening of the 9th of March we encamped for the night near the above-mentioned place. No signs of the enemy were visible at the time we encamped. Simultaneous with the call of reveille on the morning of the 10th, and before my command had arisen from bed, my camp was overrun by a large force of the enemy. My command was taken completely by surprise, the enemy being in force in every part of my camp. The officers and men were completely bewildered for a short time, but through the almost superhuman efforts of some of the officers the men soon rallied and contested the ground inch by inch with the enemy, and finally, assisted by the men and officers of the First Alabama and Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, the enemy was forced to retire after one of the most terrific hand-to-hand encounters I ever witnessed, leaving his dead and wounded on the field. I will here remark that the heroic bravery of Captain Joseph E. Overturf of my command deserves more than a passing notice at my hands. It was through his exertion and heroic conduct, aided by those gallant soldiers, Captain Hinds, of the First Alabama, and Captain Glore, of the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, that the whole of my command was saved from total annihilation. I would recommend him to the favorable notice of the brigade commander. During the fight Corpl. M. Hayes shot a rebel color bearer, tore the colors from the standard, and presented them to me. The officers and men of my command fought bravely and with the determination to conquer or die. The loss in my command on that morning was 4 men killed, 11 wounded (none mortally), and 5 commissioned officers and 76 men missing. The loss of horses was 68. On the evening of the 15th we encountered the enemy in force near Kyle's Landing, N. C. ; built breast-works, threw out skirmishers, and remained in line of battle all night. On the morning of the 16th moved out in line of battle, supported by Fifth Kentucky and First Alabama Cavalry Regiments, Captain J. E. Overturf, with the Third Battalion of my command, was sent in advance as skirmishers. He soon encountered the enemy's line of skirmishers, which he engaged and drove into his breast-works. Lieutenant John Wilkin got his horse shot under him, and had one man slightly wounded. We then moved forward in line of battle until we were ordered to halt, where we remained until relieved by a detachment of infantry.

