
I would make honorable mention of Major John Pummill, commanding First Battalion of my command, Captain John S. Bowles, and Lieutenants Fritts, Jarvis, Miller, and Wilkin for gallantry on this occasion. The officers of my command have my sincere thanks for the manner in which they have at all times executed my orders. The total loss of my command during the campaign was 4 killed, 12 wounded, and 81 missing. There were captured at various times during the campaign, by my command, 40 prisoners, 82 horses, and 40 mules, and lost in action and captured by the enemy, 86 horses. This report is not as comprehensive as I would wish, owing to the fact that my adjutant was captured by the enemy, having on his person the data from which to make a report. Hoping, however, that this may meet your approbation, I have the honor to be, lieutenant, your most obedient servant,

GEO. H. RADER,

Major, Commanding Fifth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Lieutenant J. N. LUKINS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. Cen., Third Brigadier, Cavalry Command.

Numbers 228 Report of Lieutenant Colonel William B. Way, Ninth Michigan Cavalry, commanding Fourth Brigade, of operations January 25-March 24.
HDQRS. 4TH Brigadier CAV. (DISMOUNTED), 3rd CAV. DIV.,Mount Olive, N. C., March 31, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command: On the 25th of January, in obedience to orders, I took command of the dismounted men of this division, designated by the general commanding cavalry, as the Fourth Brigade (dismounted). I organized the command into three regiment, the men of each brigade forming a regiment, and numbered after their respective brigades First, Second, and Third Regiments. Each regiment was formed into companies of fifty men each, with one commissioned officer and a proper number of non-commissioned officers to each company. The First Regiment, commanded by Major C. A. Appel, Ninth Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, numbered 245 enlisted men. The Second Regiment, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel W. Stough, Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, numbered 319 enlisted men. The Third Regiment, commanded by Captain J. B. Riggs, Fifth Kentucky Volunteer Cavalry, numbered 129 enlisted men. On the 27th of January I broke camp near Savannah and marched for Sister's Ferry. The roads were very bad and it was hard upon the men, not being accustomed to marching. Arrived at Sister's Ferry January 30 and remained until the afternoon of February 3, when we took up our line of march, crossing the Savannah River and passing through Robertsville, Lawtonville, Allendale, Barnwell, and arriving at Blackville, upon the Charleston and augusta Railroad. February 7, destroyed one mile of railroad track at Blackville. February 8, we moved toward Augusta; arriving at Williston, found the Third Brigade skirmishing with the enemy; took position and built rail barricades on the right of the Third Brigade; in the evening destroyed one mile of railroad track. February 9, continued our march

