
up the railroad, burning culverts, 1 water-tank, 3 flat-cars, and depot at Windsor, where we arrived half an hour in advance of the balance of the division. February 10, marched to Johnson's Station, burning several culverts, 4 flat-cars, and 5 box-cars, and destroying one mile of railroad track; went into position at Johnson's, covering both the dirt road and railroad to Aiken. February 11, remained at Johnson's. The Second Brigade, General Atkins commanding, advanced to Aiken, but soon returned, closely followed by the enemy's cavalry. I put out a strong skirmish line, commanded by Captain Riggs. The enemy made his appearance along the whole line and opened a brisk skirmish fire. Two guns of the Tenth Wisconsin Battery were in position, covering both the dirt and rail road, and opening upon the enemy, he did not press forward in our front, but moved around to our left and made a desperate charge, striking the right of the First Brigade, Colonel Jordan commanding, and the First Regiment of my command, which was upon my left, Major Appel commanding. The enemy was handsomely repulsed. Skirmishing was kept up all the afternoon. We lost but one man wounded. Remained in same position till February 13, when we moved to and crossed the South Edisto at Davis' Bridge. February 14, marched in advance to the North Edisto, where we found the enemy posted behind rail barricades upon the opposite side of the river. Receiving orders to drive the enemy from the river and take position upon a hill on the opposite side, I ordered a company of the Second Regiment, Lieutenant --- commanding, to charge through the river and take the first barricade, which was splendidly done under cover of the Artillery of the Tenth Wisconsin Battery. The enemy moving down upon his flank before he could be re-enforced, he was obliged to fall back. I then ordered the First Regiment, Major Appel commanding, to cross, which he did without opposition, the enemy having left the first barricade and occupied one upon the hill. Major Appel turned the first barricade and then ordered Lieutenant Hoke, with about sixty men, to take the barricade upon the hill. Moving around to the enemy's left flank he charged and took the barricade without loss, giving the enemy time to fire but one volley. I then crossed the balance of my command and took position upon the hill, building strong barricades. February 13 [15], marched in advance toward Lexington. Just before going into camp the cavalry foragers in advance were driven back in wild confusion, nearly running over the general commanding, who was walking, having his horse led. Major Estes and other members of the staff of the general commanding, with the escort, made a countercharge and drove the enemy back to his reserve. I then advanced and found the enemy posted in a good position upon a hill. I ordered the Second Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Stough commanding, to charge the enemy, which was successfully done, driving the enemy from his position without loss. February 16, marched to Lexington and encamped; was placed in command of the town. Resumed our march on the morning of the 17th, crossing the Saluda River and encamping at High Hill Creek. February 18, camped near Alston Station. Crossed Broad River the night of the 19th, reaching Monticello the 20th. February 21, marched toward Chesterville twelve miles and encamped. February 22, struck the Columbia and Charlotte Railroad four miles north of Black Stocks, then marched through Black Stocks to Rocky Mount Post-Office, where we crossed the Catawba River on the 23rd. Reached Lancaster on the 25th. During our march from Monticello to Lancaster it rained nearly all the time and the roads were almost impassable. Remained at Lancaster until the 28th, when

