
we resumed our march, accompanying the Third Brigade upon the left flank until March 3, when we went into camp three miles north of Hornsborough, taking position on the road we were marching upon, with the Third Brigade upon our right and left. We had but just got into position, with a strong picket, well barricaded, when the enemy charged my picket, but was handsomely repulsed, with a loss upon our side of one man wounded. At 11 p.m., in obedience to orders, I took the train and Artillery and moved on five miles to the headquarters of the general commanding. A heavy rain was falling and the roads were almost impassable. We were seven hours marching the five miles, and several times had to draw the Artillery out of the mud by hand. On the afternoon of March 4 the Second Brigade, encamped upon my right, was attacked, and in obedience to orders I moved to its support as rapidly as possible. The Second Brigade being able to hold its position, I moved on five miles, and with the First Brigade upon my right and left, went into position building a strong barricade. We had hardly completed our barricade before our pickets were attacked and driven in. The enemy formed all along our front and seemed to be preparing for an attack, when the Artillery of the First Brigade opened, which with a brisk fire from the line caused him to withdraw his main force, though he kept a skirmish line in our front. March 5, marched to the Great Pedee and encamped. March 6, crossed the Great Pedee in the evening and marched on the Rockingham road five miles and encamped. March 7, marched to and encamped at Rockingham. March 8, continued our march in a severe rain-storm. The roads were very bad and the swamps had become almost impassable from the rains that had fallen. Went into camp near the headwaters of the Lumber River at 11 p.m. March 9, followed Third Brigade to Solemn Grove; moved one mile and a half to ward Monroe's Cross-Roads to await orders. At dark, in obedience to orders, I took the advance to Monroe's Cross-Roads, arriving there at 9 p.m., encamping my command in line of battle parallel with the main road and in front of division headquarters, the Third Brigade encamping upon my right and rear. The night was dark and the rain fell in torrents, making in impossible to form a correct idea of the country. March 10, at daybreak the camp of the Third Brigade and my camp were charged simultaneously by three divisions of rebel cavalry, one division led by General Hampton in person. So sudden and unexpected was the charge that for a time all was confusion. The officers did all it was possible to do under the circumstances, calling upon the men to secure their arms and fall in, but being in an open field it was impossible to form, and we were obliged to fall back to some woods about 500 yards distant, where through the exertions of the officers the men were rallied and checked the enemy's advance. The men without any organization, though led by their officers, now charged the enemy, driving him back and retaking the most of our camp. When near the Artillery the enemy seemed determined to resist our farther advance, and made three desperate charges, which were repulsed. At this time Lieutenant Stetson, commanding right section Tenth Wisconsin Battery, gallantly rushed forward, unlimbered, and fired one gun without assistance. This had a telling effect upon the enemy, and assisted very much in rallying our men. A desperate struggle now ensued for division train and headquarters. Captain Northrop, commanding scouts, now came up and dashed out upon the enemy's left flank, attacking him vigorously and with good effect. The

