
enemy were now driven beyond our camp, and we formed line of battle covering it. After several fruitless attempts to break our lines the enemy withdrew, leaving more than 100 dead and many wounded in our hands. The loss in my command is as follows: Missing five commissioned officers, including Major C. A. Appel, commanding First Regiment, and C. C. Lathrop, assistant surgeon, upon my staff, and --- enlisted men. Too much cannot be said in praise of the conduct of the officers and men of my command; also those of the Third Brigade. All fought like heroes. It is hard to single out a few where all did so well, but I cannot forbear mentioning a few who displayed signal bravery and energy upon this occasion. To Lieutenant Colonel William Stough, Captain J. B. Riggs, Lieutenants Hoke, Fishback, and --- belong much of the credit. they being among the first to re-enter the camp. Remained upon the field until afternoon, when we moved toward and encamped twelve miles from Fayetteville. March 11, moved to Fayetteville, encamping two miles north of the town. March 15, crossed Cape Fear River and moved toward Raleigh, camping near Black River, taking position on the right of the Second Brigade. The enemy appeared in our front after we had gone into camp; had slight skirmishing. March 16, guarded train. March 17, crossed Black River, marching toward Smithfield. March 18, continued our march. My command, in advance, skirmished with the enemy's pickets, driving them. About noon, after crossing a very bad swamp, we found the enemy in considerable force posted behind barricades. I ordered the Second Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Stough commanding, to deploy as skirmishers, forming the balance of my command in line of battle, and advanced about half a mile, when I learned the enemy was moving in force upon my right and rear. I changed front and moved to meet him. The enemy charged, striking the Third Brigade, which was partly across the swamp. I swung my command around to the left, pouring a raking fire into the enemy's left flank, causing him to withdraw, without loss to us. In obedience to orders I recrossed the swamp, then marched southeast about eight miles and encamped. March 19, joined the infantry, which was fighting near Bentonville. March 20 and 21, held position on the left of the infantry with First Brigade, Colonel Jordan commanding. Slight skirmishing during the two days, but met with no loss. March 22, the enemy having withdrawn, we took up our line of march, arriving at Mount Olive, where we have since been encamped, March 24, having marched since we left Savannah 623 miles. During this long campaign we have had much bad, rainy weather. The roads have been very bad and at times almost impassable. My command were poorly clothed, many of the men being barefooted, but they have borne the hardships, privations, and toil of this long and arduous campaign with the fortitude that becomes the true and patriotic soldier, battling for the glorious cause of liberty and the honor of our flag. I wish before closing to return my thanks to my regimental commanders, and through them to the officers and men of their commands, all having behaved nobly and done credit to themselves during the entire campaign. Also to Lieutenant C. H. Smith, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Will H. S. Banks, acting commissary of subsistence and acting quartermaster, for the faithful discharge of all their duties.

