
Where all men did their duty it is hard to distinguish. Sergeants Alonzo Priest and Henry L. Childs, chiefs of pieces, for coolness and general efficiency; Corporals Reuben Bixler, detailed from Company K, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and J. W. Ratliff, detailed from Company D, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, for accuracy of fire; John W. Pratt, Tenth Wisconsin Battery, and Jacob McKinley, detailed from Company C, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, acting at post Numbers 6; George Farbar, detailed from Company B, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Philip I. Whitman, Company H, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, acting at post Numbers 1, for good conduct and efficiency deserve mention. Respectfully submitted.

E. W. FOWLER,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Section Tenth Wisconsin Battery.

Captain WARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 230 Report of Lieutenant Oscar A. Clark, Tenth Wisconsin Battery, of operations January 28-March 24/
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE ARTILLERY,In the Field, March 29, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular from Second Brigade, Cavalry Command, I have the honor to report that this section of Tenth Wisconsin Battery on the 17th day of January, 1865, reported to Second Brigade, Third Cavalry Division, for duty. It left camp near Savannah, Ga., on the 28th day of January, 1865, then marched to Sister's Ferry, on the Savannah River. February 3, crossed the Savannah River. February 6, in action near Barnwell, S. C., shelling the enemy and driving him from his intrenchments. February 7, struck the Augusta and Charleston Railroad at Blackville. February 11, in action at Aiken; retired to Johnson's Station; here this section was posted behind barricades, where it shelled and checked the enemy's advance and drove them back through the woods. February 14, in action at the North Edisto River, shelling the enemy; crossed the river, and drove him from his barricade. February 17, crossed the Saluda River at Train's Ferry. February 20, crossed Broad River. February 22, were at Black Stocks, on the Columbia and Charlotte Railroad. February 23, crossed the Catawba River at Rocky Mount. February 25, camped at Lancaster Court-House. March 4, in action near Hornsborough, S. C. March 6, crossed the Great Pedee River near Rockingham. March 12, lost one man captured, Joseph Unselt, private. March 13, crossed Cape Fear River at Fayetteville. March 15, in action at Moore's Cross-Roads. March 20, were in line of battle in rear of our infantry at Bentonville. March 22, the enemy left our infantry's front; campaign ended. This section of the Tenth Wisconsin Battery, since breaking camp near Savannah, has marched nearly 500 miles. It has drawn but five days' rations of hard bread and eight of coffee, subsisting almost entirely on the country. This plain, unvarnished report has not much in it do dazzle the imagination, but if ceaseless energy and cheerfully performing our duties throughout a long and tedious campaign should meet with the apro-

