
First Division.

January 1. -This division was at Thunderbolt, near Savannah, Ga. ; laid in camp until 3rd, when orders came to be ready to embark on transports.

January 3. -First Brigade embarked.

January 4. -Headquarters embarked with balance of division and was landed at Beaufort, S. C.

January 5. -All division had arrived and went into camp about three miles west of Beaufort. Headquarters was established in city.

January 5 to 13. -Lay in camp.

January 13. -Orders being received, division moved out on Port Royal Ferry road and encamped seven miles from Beaufort.

January 14. -Moved over Broad River and encamped near Honey Hill; distance, fourteen miles.

January 15. -Marched to Pocotaligo, on the Charleston and Savannah Railroad; distance, four miles.

January 15 to 20. -Lay in camp at Pocotaligo.

January 20. -Division moved out on reconnaissance, but could not cross the Salkehatchie River on account of current; returned to camp at Pocotaligo.

January 21, 22, 23, and 24. -Lay in camp.

January 24. -Issued orders to command to be ready to march with two days' rations.

January 25. -Moved to the Salkehatchie River; made some demonstrations; found a fort opposite side; on account of high tides division was obliged to return to camp, not having accomplished a success.

January 26, 27, 28, and 29. -Lay in camp at Pocotaligo.

January 29. -Received orders to march next day.

January 30. -Moved out on Salkehatchie River Bridge road and encamped; distance, seven miles.

January 31. -Lay in camp.

February 1. -Command moved at 7 a. m. on Broxton's Bridge road; skirmished with the enemy; encamped on Harrison's farm; fourteen miles' march.

February 2. -Moved at 5 a. m. on Salkehatchie River road, skirmishing with enemy until we reached river; found enemy fortified; encamped near river.

February 3. -Lay in camp on banks of river and skirmished with enemy. The Thirty-fifth New Jersey detailed to build bridge; two brigades succeeded in crossing river on the planks. Division lost 125 in killed and wounded.

February 4. -Enemy evacuated his works at 5 a. m., our troops taking possession and encamping near.

February 5. -Lay in camp near Rivers' Bridge.

February 6. -Moved at 8 a. m. on Midway road, encamping near Little Salkehatchie River; distance, ten miles.

February 7. -Left camp at 1 p. m. on Midway road, reaching railroad; distance, twelve miles.

February 8. -Lay in camp at Midway until 10 a. m. ; moved camp to railroad. The Second and Third Brigades destroyed portions of Augusta railroad.

February 9. -Moved on Augusta road at 8 a. m. ; crossed the South Edisto River; skirmished some; encamped on Stevens' plantation.

February 10. -Lay in camp; Second Brigade reconnoitered road to Holman's Bridge.

