
on both sides of the river during the night of February 19 [18], and fell back behind Town Creek on the west, and to a corresponding position, covered by swamps, on the east. We thus gained possession of the main defenses of Cape Fear River and of Wilmington, with ten pieces of heavy ordnance, and a large amount of ammunition. Our loss was but trifling. On the following day General Cox pursued the enemy to Town Creek, behind which he was found intrenched, and had destroyed the only bridge. General Terry also encountered the enemy in his new position, and in force superior to General Terry's. General Ames' division was recrossed to the east bank and joined General Terry in the night of the 19th. On the 20th General Cox crossed Town Creek below the enemy's position, by the use of a single flat-boat found in the stream, and by wading through swamps reached the enemy's flank and rear, attacked and routed him, capturing 2 pieces of Artillery, 375 prisoners, besides the killed and wounded, and dispersed the remainder. During the night General Cox rebuilt the bridge, crossed his Artillery, and the next morning pushed on toward Wilmington without opposition. General Terry was unable to make any further advance, but occupied the attention of all of Hoke's force, so that he could not send any to replace that which Cox had destroyed. On the 21st General Cox secured a portion of the enemy's pontoon bridge across Brunswick River, which he had attempted to destroy, put a portion of his troops onto Eagle Island, and threatened to cross the Cape Fear above Wilmington. The enemy at once set fire to his steamers, cotton, and military and naval stores, and abandoned the town. Our troops entered without opposition early on the morning of February 22, and General Terry pursued the enemy across Northeast River. Our total loss in the operations from February 11 to the capture of Wilmington was about 200 officers and men killed and wounded; that of the enemy was not less than 1. 000 killed, wounded, and prisoners. Fifty-one pieces of heavy ordnance, fifteen light pieces, and a large amount of ammunition fell into our hands. It affords me pleasure to acknowledge the cordial and constant co-operation of the naval squadron, under Rear-Admiral Porter, so far as the nature of the operations would admit. Having no rolling-stock at Wilmington, and being nearly destitute of wagon transportation, I was compelled to operate from New Berne alone for the capture of Goldsborough. I had already sent to New Berne about 5,000 troops belonging to the various corps of your Army, and directed Brigadier General I. N. Palmer to move, with as Little delay as practicable, with all his available force, toward Kinston, to cover the workmen engaged in repairing the railroad. As soon as Wilmington was secured, I also sent General Ruger's division, Twenty-third Army Corps, which was then arriving at Cape Fear Inlet, by sea to Morehead City, to re-enforce the column moving from New Berne. On the 25th, finding that General Palmer had not moved, as was expected, I sent Major-General Cox to take command at New Berne and push forward at once. General Couch's division, which had nearly completed its debarkation when Wilmington was captured, was brought to that place, and that division, with General Cox's temporarily commanded by Brigadier-General Reilly, was prepared as rapidly as possible to join the column moving from New Berne by a land march. These arrangements were made because of the scarcity of both land and sea transportation. It

