
Immediately upon the occupation of Kinston I put a large force of troops to work upon the railroad, in aid of the construction corps under Colonel Wright, rebuilt the wagon bridge over the Neuse, and brought forward supplies preparatory to a farther advance. I moved from Kinston on the morning of the 20th, and entered Goldsborough with but slight opposition on the evening of the 21st. The portion of my command which had remained at Wilmington, under Major General Terry, moved from that point March 15, reached Faison's Depot on the 20th, and, in compliance with your orders, moved from that point to Cox's Bridge, and secured a crossing of the Neuse on the 22nd. Your plans for the concentration of your entire army about this place having been fully accomplished on the 23rd and 24th, I then had the honor of reporting to you in person and uniting my troops to their old comrades in arms after a separation of near five months, marked by unparalleled marches and brilliant achievements, which will ever furnish bright pages in military history, and, it is hoped, prove decisive in their results upon the present rebellion.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD

Major-General.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., April 5, 1865.

This concise and most interesting report of General Schofield is forwarded in advance of the other reports as, in connection with my own, it covers all the ground of the campaign.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 232. Report of Captain Edmund H. Russell, U. S. Army, Chief Signal Officer, of operations February 16-June 5.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. C., ARMY OF THE OHIO, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,Raleigh, N. C., June 20, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the Signal Detachment, Department of North Carolina, from February 16, 1865, to June 5, 1865, inclusive: Upon the date first mentioned, in obedience to special Orders, Numbers 64, paragraph 26, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, dated Washington, February 9, 1865, I reported for duty to the Major general commanding, on board the steamer Spaulding, off Federal Point, N. C. . General Orders, Numbers 4, headquarters Department of North Carolina, Army of the Ohio, of the same date, announced my assignment to duty as chief signal officer of the department, as contemplated in the order of the War Office.

58 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

