
Brigadier-General Abbott, communicating with the division of Admiral Porter's fleet outside Federal Point (see Appendix B, Stations Nos. 5 and 8), was discontinued, with the stations of Lieutenants Beardslee and Roberts (see Appendix B, Stations Nos. 2 and 4) all moved with the troops, advancing upon the east bank toward Wilmington. At the earliest moment practicable Lieutenant Roberts occupied Sugar Loaf, upon the east bank nearly opposite Fort Anderson, and communication was again opened with Major-General Terry. (See Appendix B, Station Numbers 14.) At dusk Lieutenant Beardslee established a station one mile above the station on Sugar Loaf and nearer the headquarters of General Terry. Having made his way through swamps with much difficulty he reached the river bank without torches, but having kindled a fire and found in impracticable to communicate with the steamer Spaulding, opened communication by signals made with firebrands with the flag-ship (Malvern) of Admiral Porter, whence the messages from General Terry were signaled to the Spaulding. (See Appendix B, Station Numbers 15.) Upon the 20th of February the forces of Major-General Cox having moved to Town Creek on the west bank of the river, the steamer Spaulding and the fleet moved opposite. The station of Lieutenant Ketchum was moved to the headquarters of General Cox, and communication reopened as before. (See Appendix B, Stations Nos. 16 and 17.) The station of Lieutenant Beardslee was moved to a point upon the east bank, two miles below the Spaulding, communicating with General Terry as before. (See Appendix B, Station Numbers 18). Here he was relieved at night by Lieutenant Roberts, whose station on Sugar Loaf with the stations on Fort Buchanan and the U. S. steamer Keystone State being now far in rear of the Army, had been discontinued. Upon the 21st of February the station of Lieutenant Roberts was moved opposite the steamer Spaulding (see Appendix B, Station Numbers 19), maintaining communication as before. The station of Lieutenant Ketchum was discontinued and that officer accompanied the advance of Major-General Cox, upon the west bank of the river. The troops halted two miles below the city of Wilmington, and some distance above the advance upon the east bank. Every effort was made by Lieutenant Ketchum to communicate with General Terry or the fleet from this vicinity, without success. A long curve in the river and dense woods hid him from view of the stations below, which signaled and watched constantly for him during the night. At daybreak on the 22nd of February Lieutenant Roberts signaled intelligence from General Terry to the Major-general commanding that the enemy had abandoned his lines upon the east bank. At 9. 15 a.m. of that day Lieutenant Beardslee, entering Wilmington with General Terry's advance, occupied a station in that city abandoned a few moments before by the rebel signal corps, and commanding all available points for signal communication in the vicinity of Wilmington. (See Appendix B, Station Numbers 20.) At the direction of Lieutenant Beardslee, Sergt. Philip Robbins, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, established a station below the city whence intelligence of the capture of Wilmington was signaled to the fleet. (See Appendix B, Stations Nos. 21 and 22.) The campaign had now closed, and all stations operating with the troops moved with them to the city. The dispositions of the corps had been such as to secure with few interruptions constant and immediate communication between the flanks and center of the army and the fleet. The officers and men had, under many discouragements and with almost exhausted supplies, labored with zeal and unflinching

