
right of General Cox's advance, then resting on the Atlantic and North Carolina Railroad, and Gum Swamp. (See Appendix C, Stations Nos. 5, 6, and 7.) This line rendered valuable service and maintained uninterrupted communication. Upon the 10th of March, during the furious attacks of the enemy upon General Cox's front (the battle of Kinston), the rebel cavalry maneuvered upon the roads to the flank and rear of the Army. The disposition of Union forces to repel these operations to the right of the railroad was directed entirely by signals and always so promptly done as to thwart the enemy's designs. The station at General Palmer's headquarters, in charge of Lieutenant Johnston, was repeatedly under fire, but communication was at no time abandoned or delayed. Upon the 13th of March Major-General Couch effected a junction of his own forces with those of General Cox. Lieutenant George C. Round, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, who had marched from Wilmington with General Couch, reconnoitered the enemy's works near Kinston, supplying important intelligence. Upon the 14th the army moved upon Kinston. Lieutenant Round, advancing with the skirmish line, established a station upon the fortifications on the south bank of the Neuse River, immediately upon their capture, and opened communication with the main body of General Couch's troops, one mile and a half distant. This station was also exposed to the fire of the enemy from the opposite bank until their works were abandoned. (See Appendix C, Stations Nos. 8 and 9.) The center of the bridge which spanned the Neuse at this point had been destroyed by the enemy. A tree was felled and thrown across the gap. By this means Lieutenant Knox crossed the river, and, proceeding to Kinston in advance of all the troops, established a station upon the cupola of the hotel, whence he signaled to General Cox at the river: "Place all quiet; no enemy in sight. " This line was continued until all the troops had moved into the town. (See Appendix C, Numbers 10.)

Upon the 18th of March I received Special Orders, Numbers 30, headquarters Department of North Carolina, Army of the Ohio, of that date, directing the organization of the corps on the plan submitted by me upon the 4th of March. The detachment was at once collected and equipped as thoroughly as insufficient supplies would permit, the stations in the vicinity of New Berne discontinued, and the entire command forthwith disposed as directed in the order above mentioned.

The party serving with Major-General Terry, having moved with him from Wilmington, was now cut off from means of communication, and could not be reached until he should arrive in the vicinity of Goldsborough. An enlisted man had already been dispatched to his headquarters, however, via Morehead City and Wilmington, with such signal supplies as were needed for immediate use. The orders published did not modify the organization of that detachment. As thus disposed, two officers with the complement of enlisted men were assigned to duty at each independent division headquarters. The reserve, for want of proper equipment, was left at New Berne, N. C., in charge of such store, &amp;c., as were not required for present use. Upon the 22nd [21st] of March the national forces occupied Goldsborough, N. C. Upon the 23rd Major-General Sherman reached that post. Lieutenant Beardslee, having been sent forward by Major-General Terry as bearer of dispatches to the Major-general commanding, attended by a small cavalry force, after repeated opposition by the enemy and some skirmishing succeeded in crossing the Neuse River and reached Goldsborough. Upon the 25th of March a portion of the Twenty-third Army Corps, commanded by Major General D. N. Couch and Brigadier Gens. Thomas H.

