
continued these detachments, and they were immediately placed under command of Lieutenant Rushby, in a camp near Raleigh, N. C. The excellent results of this policy became at once apparent in the improved morale and soldierly bearing of the command.

Upon the 5th of June Special Orders, Numbers 80, paragraph 5, headquarters Department of North Carolina, Army of the Ohio, relieved the detachment from further duty in the Department of North Carolina and directed it to report to the Chief Signal Officer of the Army. Lieutenant Briggs, property officer, and myself were instructed to remain at Raleigh to complete the detachment records and accounts.

The duties of the signal detachment of the Army of the Ohio have ceased. It is dropped from the rolls upon which it has been borne from the earliest inception of that Army. Its imperfect records attest that it has performed under many discouragements much laborious and valuable duty which can never be known because never officially represented and which exists only in the memories of gallant men whose talents and devotion to their country have been too often obscured or misdirected by circumstances beyond their control, and of which it is perhaps ungenerous for me to speak. It is proud of its fellowship with that army whose banners it has faithfully followed through the swamps of Carolina and the wild passes of the Tennessee, nor can it sever from its illustrious general without a deeper emotion. The ties which have so long bound the soldier to his chief are not so lightly cherished as to be sundered without sincere regret.

If it be just to discriminate amongst the officers and men whom it has been my honor to command during these few months, I recommend to the favorable consideration of the chief of the corps First Lieutenant Joseph B. Knox, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, for his gallantry in occupying Kinston, N. C., upon the 14th of [March], 1865, in advance of the national forces, and First Lieutenant Thomas P. Rushby, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, for general efficiency and marked faithfulness in the discharge of duty.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. RUSSELL,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Department of North Carolina.

Captain H. R. CLUM,

Office of tr, Washington City, D. C.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Raleigh, N. C., June 20, 1865.

Approved.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

RALEIGH, N. C., June 20, 1865.

The conduct of Captain Russell as chief signal officer of my command has been characterized by great zeal and efficiency. I take great pleasure in recommending him to the favorable notice of his chief.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

