
Numbers 233. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General Joseph C. Abbott, Seventh New Hampshire Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, Tenth Army Corps, of operations February 8-May 10.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Wilmington, N. C., May 10, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the manner in which my brigade has been occupied since February 8 last:

From February 8 until February 11 I occupied the right of General Paine's line on the works fronting Wilmington, and was engaged strengthening the works and in picket duty. On the last-named date, by order of Major-General Terry, I reported to Brevet Major-General Ames, and was by him ordered to advance up the beach and press the outposts of the enemy near the head of Myrtle Sound. I accordingly at 10 a.m. threw out the Third New Hampshire, Major Trickey commanding, as skirmishers, and advanced rapidly upon the enemy's outposts. These posts consisted of about 100 men, partly in a heavy earth-work, partly in rifle-pits, on the left of the enemy's line. Major Trickey easily carried the works with his skirmish line, and captured between 50 and 60 prisoners belonging to Kirkland's brigade, of Hoke's division. I then advanced the brigade and held the works, and by order of General Ames at once commenced to press the enemy's inner line by extending a skirmish line from near the Half-Moon Battery, on Myrtle Sound, southwesterly to a point near the eastern angle of the enemy's earth-works. The firing during the day was mostly ineffective, but showed the enemy in considerable strength on my extreme right next the sound. At dark, by order of General Ames, I left a strong picket-line in the works of the enemy which I had taken and retired, holding the point between Ocean Pond and the seashore. This position, with the exception of transferring two regiments to the western side of the pond, I occupied until February 19, fortifying in the meantime. On the 19th, the enemy's line being evacuated, by order of General Terry, I advanced the whole brigade within the works and reported to General Paine. By his order I advanced up what is known as the "military road" about five miles to Gonto's farm, where, by order, I halted until dark, and then, by order of General Terry, threw up light intrenchments.

I remained at Gonto's until 9 a.m. the next morning, my right resting upon the ocean and my left connecting with General Paine's right, when I received orders from General Terry to advance still along the military road about three miles, and if I struck the enemy's left, attack it vigorously and turn it if possible. Advancing accordingly to within about one mile of Whisky Creek I sent out a cavalry scout to the creek, who reported no enemy, but that the bridge across the creek had been destroyed. I then, by order of General Terry, turned to the left until I struck the telegraph road, and following Ames' division advanced and bivouacked for the night in the rear of a new main line already established by Paine's division. On the morning of the 21st I moved into works in the front which had been partially constructed and was occupied during the day in completing them and in annoying the picketline. On the morning of February 22, it having been discovered that the enemy had evacuated their works in our front, I was ordered by General Terry to lead the advance toward Wilmington. I again threw

