
out the Third New Hampshire, Lieutenant-Colonel Randlett commanding, as skirmishers, and marched at about 7 a.m. I reached the suburbs of Wilmington at about 10 a.m., drew in the skirmishers and entered and took possession of the town just as the rear guard of the enemy passed out. Marching through the town, I overtook the rear guard of the enemy at Smith's Creek bridge, on the road to Northeast Ferry. They had partially destroyed the bridge and were attempting to complete its destruction, but were driven off after a slight skirmish, the bridge repaired and the advance continued toward Northeast. At this point I relieved the Third New Hampshire from skirmish duty by detachments from the Seventh New Hampshire and Sixth Connecticut Volunteers, but retained Lieutenant-Colonel Randlett in command of the line. No enemy was seen until I arrived at the bridge across a small creek about one mile and a half south of Northeast Ferry, when my skirmish line again encountered their rear guard. Thence to the Northeast Ferry the skirmishing was quite sharp and at the ferry the resistance was obstinate. I, however, speedily reached the river and covered the pontoon bridge and drove the enemy from the opposite bank of the river and remained in that position during the night. In the morning it was found that the main body of the enemy had fallen back several miles. I then proceeded to fortify the position which I held on the southern bank of the river, to arrange a camp, to repair the damaged pontoon so that it [would] be fit for use, and to establish my picket on the other side of the river.

The brigade remained at Northeast Ferry until the 2nd day of March, when it was ordered to Wilmington and assigned to the garrison duty of the place, together with that of Fort Fisher, Smithville, and Fort Caswell. The guarding of the railroad between Wilmington and Magnolia is also a part of its duty, as well as furnishing detachments for various minor outposts. In this duty I have remained to the present time

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH C. ABBOTT,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant Colonel ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 234. Report of Captain William H. Trickey, Third New Hampshire Infantry, of operations February 11.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,Federal Point, N. C., February 12, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to herewith submit a report of the part taken in the reconnaissance of the 11th instant by the Third New Hampshire Volunteers:

I broke camp about 8 a.m., and moved with other regiments of the Second Brigade; marched up the beach about one mile, when I was directed by General Abbott, commanding brigade, to move my command to the front and deploy a skirmish line. I deployed the right wing, holding the left in reserve, Captain J. H. Edgerly commanding skirmish line, and Lieutenant G. H. Giddings reserve.

