
Numbers 235. Report of Bvt. Major General Adelbert Ames, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations February 8-April 16.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,Raleigh, N. C., April 16, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command since February 8, 1865:

February 11, division left camp and moved against enemy's line of works across Federal Point. February 12, moved up sea beach with a view to turning the enemy's position east of Cape Fear River. February 14, moved up sea beach second time with the same object in view as above. February 15, returned to camp. February 17, division crossed Cape Fear River to Smithfield. February 18, division moved at 12 m., and reported to Major-General Cox, near Fort Anderson. February 19, crossed Cape Fear River during night and reported to General Terry. February 20, marched toward Wilmington. February 21, received orders to feel right of enemy's line resting on Cape Fear River. Made a demonstration and found them strong. During night returned to camp left in morning. February 22, marched into Wilmington and to Northeast Station. First Brigade ordered to move out one mile and a half on New Berne road.

March 2, First and Third Brigades moved toward Wilmington and went into camp at Smith's Creek, one mile and a half from the city. March 15, left Wilmington and passed night at Northeast Station. March 16, passed night near Burgaw Creek. March 17, passed night at South Washington. March 18, passed night near Island Creek. March 19, passed night near Naunouga Creek. March 20, passed night near Falling Creek. March 21, passed night near Cox's Bridge. March 25, marched to Faison's Depot. March 26, Third Brigade ordered to Magnolia.

April 9, Third Brigade returned to Faison's Depot. April 10, left Faison's Depot and camped for the night near Falling Creek. Two hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers ordered to proceed to guard supply train at Cox's Bridge. April 11, passed night two miles west of Hannah's Creek. April 12, camped thirty miles from Raleigh. Second Brigade ordered to await arrival of supply train and then move forward with it. April 13, spent night near Swift Creek. April 14, arrived at Raleigh.

My entire command is now in camp at this point. A nominal list of casualties during the entire period comprised in the above has already been forwarded.

ADELBERT AMES,

Brevet Major-general, Commanding.

Major ADRIAN TERRY, Asst. Adjt. General, Tenth Army Corps.

Numbers 236. Report of Brigadier General Charles J. Paine, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations February 8-April 24.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Raleigh, N. C., April 24, 1865.

MAJOR: In response to your letter of instructions of the 15th instant I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command since February 8, 1865:

February 11, the division broke camp on Federal Point, where it had remained after the capture of Fort Fisher, and moved toward the

