
Numbers 237. Abstract from journal of Major General Jacob D. Cox, U. S. Army.

Friday, February 3, 1865. - Go to Alexandria and spend the day in shipping the troops. * * * Sleep on board ship, expecting to start at daylight.

Saturday, February 4. - Fog delays us, but we get off at 10 o'clock, General Schofield going with us. Only two brigades going with me, Casement being sent to Annapolis to embark there. The ice is very bad, but we get down as far as the Kettle Bottom Shoals, where we anchor for the night, the channel being too dangerous for so large a ship to pass in the darkness. Our ship is the Atlantic, formerly a Liverpool and New York steam-packet (Collins line).

Sunday, February 5. - Weigh anchor at daybreak and have a very pleasant and calm voyage to Fortress Monroe, where we stop to take in ammunition, I land and pass through the fort by moonlight.

Monday, February 6. - Leave Hampton Roads at 3 o'clock in the morning and put out to sea. The wind continues off shore so that the sea is unusually smooth. Pass Cape Hatteras about 5 o'clock in the afternoon. The weather is still fair and mild for the season.

Tuesday, February 7. - Wake in the morning to find the ship pitching heavily and hear the noise of the rain falling heavily on deck over my head. * * * About 10 o'clock, the rain having stopped, I went on deck and found the sea running high and a heavy fog shutting out all distant view. We are said to be off Fort Fisher, our place of destination, but the thickness of the fog prevents us from running in. About 2 o'clock we anchor in about nine fathoms of water and lie until about 5, when the fog lifting we run in and anchor off the fort about a mile from shore, in seven fathoms.

Wednesday, February 8. - General Schofield went ashore this morning and most of our troops were landed, but no baggage could be got out, in consequence of the roughness of the sea, which was too great for tugs to come alongside. The troops were transferred in small boats. As there is no accommodation on shore I remain on board until our tents can be got out. General Schofield makes his headquarters on a steamer in the river.

Thursday, February 9. - Still too Rough to land baggage. Troops all get ashore by transferring them in small boats to the steam-tugs. About sundown the sea went down so that a propeller can lie alongside, and the baggage is transferred to her. We go on board of her about midnight.

Friday, February 10. - After an uncomfortable night in a very dirty bunk on the propeller we pass in over the bar at high-tide - 8 o'clock. We find, however, that the propeller draws too much water to get to shore and ourselves and baggage have to be transferred again to a Little steam-tug, which manages at last to reach the Little dock. We land on a narrow tongue of land called Federal Point, between Cape Fear River and the sea. Visit General Schofield and Admiral Porter on the flag-ship of the squadron. An advance arranged for to-morrow, in which I am to support General Terry's troops.

Saturday, February 11. - Advance made as arranged yesterday. The enemy are driven within their breast-works. A new line established by us about 500 yards from them, and about a mile and a half in front of our former position. No assault on their works is ordered, but my troops are directed to be in readiness to cross to the west side of the

