
one of Grant's staff, who is with us as engineer, and that General Schofield on that account thought it best not to stop till it had been well tried. The fleet bringing our Second Division is said to have arrived yesterday. The delay of the pontoons above spoken of was owing to the impossibility of dragging a heavy loaded truck in the soft sand with scant teams.

Thursday, February 16. - Moved the command by steam-boat to Smithville, on the other side of the bay, with a view to operate on that side of Cape Fear River. Baggage did not get down till dark. Orders given to move up the river at 8 a.m. to-morrow.

Friday, February 17. - March up the river, meeting the enemy's cavalry as soon as we get three miles from the village. Drive them back till we get within two miles of Fort Anderson, where we go into camp according to orders, and open signal communications with General Schofield on his headquarters steamship, and with the fleet under Admiral Porter. Advanced ten miles to-day.

Saturday, February 18. - Move at 7 o'clock driving back the enemy and establishing a line of investments on the south side of the fort. Have a lively skirmishing fight. The enemy open with Artillery along their line, while our fleet opens heavily on the fort. At 1 o'clock I withdraw Casement's and Reilly's brigades (Colonel Sterl commanding the latter) and move them to the left and rear around the head of Orton Pond. Reach the head of the pond about 5. 30 o'clock and find there a strong party of the enemy's cavalry, who oppose our passage. Moore's Creek, running into the pond, has wide, marshy banks, the marsh being filled with thick tangled undergrowth, through which it was almost impossible for skirmishers to make their way. The road is a narrow causeway, only wide enough for one wagon, and the enemy had rifle-pits commanding the exits from the swamps, as well as a second line a Little farther back. We are delayed here about an hour. Succeed finally in driving off the rebels with a loss to us of 7 men wounded and 1 killed. Just as we gained the opposite bank General Ames, with his division of Terry's men, came up and reported to me under General Schofield's orders, and we go into camp for the night, the rebel cavalry retreating in the direction of Fort Anderson.

Sunday, February 19. - The train of supplies which was to have come up last night didn't report till 10 o'clock this morning. We resumed our march up the west bank of Orton Pond to turn the enemy's position at Fort Anderson. March about half way, when we meet Captain Lord, of General Schofield's staff, who informs us that the fort is evacuated, the enemy having left it in the night, after hearing of our movement around the pond. General Ames proceeds to the fort with his division, whilst I go on up the river with my command, the two brigades left in front of the fort joining me. I put Henderson in advance, and press the enemy rapidly to Old Town Creek, where we find him in a strong line of works, the bridge being destroyed and the creek being both unfordable and difficult of approach by reason of the marshy banks so common in this region. I learn that there is no ford at which men or horses can pass for fifteen miles above, but find a flat-boat about a mile down the stream which I secure for to-morrow's operations.

Monday, February 20. - Order Henderson to keep the enemy amused by pressing as closely as possible in front, and direct Casement to take his own and Sterl's brigades across by flat-boat to the rice fields on the opposite side of the creek, and thence around to the enemy's rear. A Little later I order Moore's brigade, which is temporarily in my command, to follow Casement, and go with it myself. We overtake Case-

59 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

