
Monday, March 6. - Move in the p.m. to Gum Swamp, seven miles above Core Creek, where the Dover road crosses the railroad. Palmer's and Carter's divisions are up, but Ruger's is left at Core Creek.

Tuesday, March 7. - My advance from Palmer's division moves up to Wise's Forks, driving out the enemy's pickets, which were found to be part of General Hoke's command, which we learn in this way has come from Wilmington to oppose us. Both Palmer's and Carter's divisions are brought up, the first on the railroad and the railroad and the other on the wagon road, which here is on the left of the railroad. One brigade from each division is pushed forward to the respective crossings of Southwest Creek, an unfordable stream, behind which the enemy has a strong line of works. The rebels open with cannon from both crossings. Cavalry is sent to guard each flank, and orders given to watch the movements of the enemy closely. General Schofield having arrived at New Berne, I return to Gum Spring to meet him there to-morrow. The railroad is being rebuilt as rapidly as possible, being to-night two miles beyond Core Creek Station.

Wednesday, March 8. - Battle of Kinston. General Schofield comes up about 10 o'clock. Just as he arrives I hear from General Carter that some force of the enemy is supposed to have crossed Southwest Creek, about two miles above his left. I order both cavalry and infantry reconnaissances to be sent out at once, and every precaution take to meet it. General Schofield and myself start for the front. About half way we meet a prisoner who says Hoke's division is all over the creek and pushing for our left flank. I order up General Ruger's division, order General Palmer to extend his left to connect with Carter's, and ride rapidly forward to General Carter. Find that the outpost duty of the cavalry of the brigade of his division has been so badly done that they have been surprised and that brigade routed. I get Carter's other brigade in position and order a brigade from Palmer's to move to the left and check the enemy so far as to cover retreat of the brigade (Upham's) which has been routed. I hasten up Ruger. The enemy pushes up steadily, but Ruger gets up in time to fill the gap between Carter and Palmer, and the rebels are driven back. They, however, hold a position at the crossing of the British road and throw up breastworks there. Prisoners report that Lee's corps, of Hood's old Army, is re-enforcing Hoke. I therefore put myself on the defensive and make a line of earth-works. Our losses to-day appear to be about 600 captured from Upham's brigade and 1 field gun. The cavalry lost 50 men and 2 mounted howitzers. The mischief was caused by the lack of care and the inexperience of that brigade. They had been two years doing garrison duty, and could not believe there was any danger till it was upon them.

Thursday, March 9. - Make reconnaissances in front and on the flank. Find the enemy strong and apparently increasing. Make my own lines stronger, and watch and wait for the rest of the Twenty-third Corps to come up. It left Wilmington on the 6th, and was to be through in six days. Having but ten wagons to each division, it is with the utmost difficulty that I can get up rations enough for my men. The railroad is progressing at the rate of about one mile a day.

Friday, March 10. - Deserters say that Lee's corps, of hood's Army, is here, and more is expected. About 11. 30 o'clock I hear picket firing on my left, and soon after learn that the enemy is pushing in on that flank in force. I had already taken the precaution to have part of my line in such shape that I can withdraw some of the troops as a reserve, and I order McQuiston's brigade, of Ruger's division, over to

