
the left to repel the assault. I also order a brigade from Palmer, feeling sure that the rebels intend to make their decisive effort on my left. The troops move at double-quick, and I also put three batteries in position on that flank. Ve had not a minute to spare. The enemy move on rapidly and a very lively battle begins. The Artillery fire was very rapid, and the enemy did not reply to it, showing that they could not bring their guns through the woods and swamp, and that they rely on infantry alone. In about an hour they are beaten with severe loss. I check our men in pursuit, fearing an attack elsewhere. Sure enough, it comes in every few minutes. Our men raised a shout at their success, and the enemy, thinking apparently that it was a signal for their having beaten us, rushed in on Ruger's center with a will and a yell. We soon find from prisoners that both Stewart's and Lee's corps are here, and that we are fighting the bulk of Hood's old Army, which we met at Franklin, with Hoke's division besides. The fight in the center is more obstinate than on the left. The troops I had sent to the left I now double-quick back again, moving one battery on the Dover road and one on Ruger's right. In about two hours it is evident that the enemy are beaten, though they give back but slowly, and after getting out of the heat of the fire they form again and wait for us to attack. I do not feel strong enough to do so, and am satisfied with repulsing them, as it is clear that their force is very heavy. I push out my skirmish line, and a warm skirmish fight is kept up till night. General Schofield comes on the field just as I have repulsed the second and last attack. Just at dark we hear that General Couch is at the crossing of Trent River with the rest of the Twenty-third Corps. Schofield sends him orders to come through by forced marches.

Saturday, March 11. - The enemy evacuated last night, retreating north of the Neuse River. Reconnaissances in that direction show that there are none of them on this side of the river. My losses are found to be about 50 killed and 250 wounded in yesterday's fight. Information from citizens and negroes shows that Hoke's division was in complete confusion when it retreated from our left. Had Couch only been nearer we could have made an end of the whole of the enemy's force. Hoke's division is reported to have lost 600. The losses of the rest of the enemy's forces must have been much larger. They left less than 100 dead and wounded on the field, having carried most of them off before they broke. Couch gets within four miles of us to-day.

Sunday, March 12. - Hoke sends in a flag of truce from Kinston, asking to exchange prisoners. I forward the request to General Schofield, who has gone back to New Berne, and he refuses. Scouts inform us that the bridges at Kinston are destroyed, and Major Dow, of my staff, whom I send with an answer to the flag, finds that their picket is on the other side of the river, at the town. We are kept waiting for supplies and wagons, as we cannot move for the lack of commissary stores and transportation. Couch moves up within a mile of us. Our prisoners in the battle of Friday are nearly 400, and would have been much larger could we have had force enough to hold the center without bringing back the troops from the left.

Monday, March 13. - Quiet in camp. Getting up supplies and preparing to move forward to-morrow to Kinston. The rebels seemed to have had an abundance of generals here in the fight of the 10th. Bragg was in command of the whole on the field; A. P. Hill was in command of a corps, besides having the regular commanders of Hood's army here.

