
more rolling as we get up from the seashore. Instead of being in the center of the whole Army, where we belong, we are on the left, and Slocum in the center. He is moving on the direct road from Smithfield to Raleigh. Howard keeps on the east side of the Neuse. We crossed at Turner's Bridge upon a pontoon, which we laid, the bridge having been burned by the rebels.

Thursday, April 13. - Marched at 6. 30 o'clock and made nineteen miles, encamping two miles from Raleigh. Our troops took quiet possession of the town this morning Johnston retreating toward Hillsborough. Governor Vance met General Sherman under a flag of truce and surrendered the town. He made some propositions looking toward peace, the particulars of which we have not yet learned. It is clear that Johnston dare not risk a battle.

Friday, April 14. - In camp just east of Raleigh. The town is the most attractive I have seen in the South. It is simply a large village, with wide streets, each house having a good-sized dooryard, and fine forest trees embowering the place in the most beautiful foliage. Under General Sherman's orders no mischief has been done the town, and perfect protection has been given to all. Governor Vance left the city with the rebel troops, but it is said that he is determined at once to take steps to return the State to the Union if Davis does not do so with the whole Confederacy.

Saturday, April 15. - Started to march this morning at 8 o'clock, but the order was countermanded just as we got out of camp on account of overtures received from Johnston looking toward surrender. The final disposition of the matter will be made within twenty-four hours, and we shall either have an end of the war at once, or we shall push on after Johnston's Army. The rain was falling in torrents when we pulled out this morning, and it has been raining all day.

Sunday, April 16. - A lovely spring day. The bright sunshine and brisk breeze are fast disposing of the mud made bu yesterday's rain. * * * Sherman has sent a reply to Johnston and expects his answer this evening.

Monday, April 17. - Another beautiful day. No conclusion yet in the negotiations with Johnston. He requested an interview and Sherman has gone up to see him. Terrible news received of the assassination of the President.

Tuesday, April 18. - Sherman has gone back this morning to see Johnston again. In the interview yesterday Johnston professed himself satisfied that the rebellion is a failure and practically ended, but desired time to consult with Davis and Breckinridge as to the surrender of the whole rebel army at once (i. e., in other parts of the country as well as here). He professed himself concerned as much as any of us at the murder of Mr. Lincoln, and said it would be condemned by the mass of the Southern people. The effect of the news of the assassination is very great in the Army, an if active operations were to commence again it would be impossible to restrain the troops from great outrages. The fact that the plan seems to have been to kill also members of the Cabinet and General Grant adds much to the exasperation, and indicates a plot going further than the tools who were to execute it, and involves the South in the responsibility for such systematic barbarism.

Wednesday, April 19. - Sherman and Johnston have settled upon preliminaries of peace, which have been forwarded to Washington for the action of the President. It is understood that the terms are practi-

