
cally these: Johnston's army is to separate, the troops going to their several States. At the State Capitals they are to surrender their arms and all public property. Part of the arms are to be left to the State governments and the rest turned over to the United States. The officers and soldiers are not to be punished bu the United States Government for their part in the war, but all are left liable to private prosecution and indictment in the courts. We shall hear in about a week what action they have taken at Washington, and, if they ratify, we shall march northward at once. No further news as to the President's murder.

Thursday, April 20. - The Tenth Corps (General Terry's) was reviewed to-day. It consisted of two divisions-one white and the other black.

Friday, April 21. - General Sherman reviewed the Twenty-third Corps to-day. General Sherman was stationed at the south side of the capitol, and the troops marched by from east to west. The day has been favorable, and everything went off very well. No further news from Washington, and we are hoping that the report of the President's murder may yet prove false.

Saturday, April 22. - The Twentieth Corps, General Mower, reviewed. Papers from the North fully confirm the assassination of the President. No reply yet from the peace negotiations forwarded to Washington by General Sherman.

Monday, April 24. - General Grant arrived this morning just before the review of the Seventeenth Corps, General Blair's. He brings the decision of the Government not to approve of the terms agreed upon by Sherman and Johnston. The ground of the refusal is understood to be that the terms in some sense recognize the Confederate and State governments of the Southern States, which the administration is determined not to do. They fear such a recognition would involve a danger of liability for the debts of the Confederate States. I know so Little of the exact nature of the terms that I cannot form an opinion as to the validity of their objections. It is clear to my mind, however, that none but the most serious reasons should induce the Government to refuse to ratify peace, and so continue the war with its terrible consequences and great expenditure. Sherman has now offered to Johnston the same terms for himself and his army that were given to Lee. We shall probably hear from him to-night, and if he refuses we will march the day after to-morrow.

Tuesday, April 25. - No news from Johnston, and orders are issued to march to-morrow, if we do not hear from the rebels before that time. The weather is fine, the roads becoming dusty, and if we are to move this is the very time to do it. There is so Little hope for Johnston in fighting that it hardly seems possible he will refuse for his army the terms which were given to Lee.

Wednesday, April 26. - Johnston sends a flag asking for another personal interview, and Sherman and Schofield go out to meet him. Marching orders are countermanded until we hear what Johnston will now do. General Grant is still here.

Thursday, April 27. - Johnston surrendered to-day on the terms offered. This definitely ends the fighting here and practically ends the war. Arrangements will be made immediately to send most of the troops North.

* * * *

