
April 26. -Remained in camp.

April 27. -Returned to old camp near Raleigh.

April 28. -Remained in camp.

April 29. -Started on the march for Richmond, Va., Johnston, rebel general, having surrendered all his command, and encamped near Neuse River.

April 30. -Remained in camp near Neuse River.

May 1. -Found this command near Neuse River, one day's march from Raleigh, N. C. ; moved at 9 a. m., encamping at Ebenezer Church.

May 2. -Moved at 6 a. m. ; crossed Tar River and Cedar Creek, twenty-two miles, and encamped on Harris' plantation.

May 3. -Moved at 5 a. m. and marched twenty miles, encamping near Chestnut Cross-Roads.

May 4. -Moved at 4 p. m. four miles, encamping on south side of Roanoke River, being delayed by Fifteenth Army Corps crossing river before using pontoons.

May 5. -Moved at 2 a. m., crossing the Roanoke and Meherrin Rivers, thirty-one miles, encamping near Brentsville, Va.

May 6. -Marched twenty-four miles, encamping near Dinwiddie Court-House.

May 7. -Marched thirteen miles, encamping near Petersburg.

May 8. -Marched through Petersburg, six miles, and encamped on Swift Creek.

May 9. -Marched fifteen miles; encamped near Manchester, Va.

May 10 and 11. -In camp near Manchester, Va.

May 12. -Marched through Richmond, eight miles, encamping near Chickahominy River.

May 13. -Crossed the Chickahominy, thirteen miles, encamping near Hanover Court-House.

May 14. -Crossed Pamunkey River, thirteen miles, encamping near Christopher Station.

May 15. -Crossed Mat and Ta Rivers, seventeen miles, encamping on the Po River.

May 16. -Marched twenty-three miles through Fredericksburg, crossing the Rappahannock River.

May 17. -Marched twelve miles, encamping at Stafford Springs.

May 18. -Marched sixteen miles; encamped on Occoquan River.

May 19. -Marched sixteen miles; encamping near Alexandria, Va.

May 20, 21, and 22. -In camp.

May 23. -Passed through Alexandria; bivouacked near Long Bridge.

May 24. -Was reviewed in Washington with the rest of army and went into camp three miles northeast of Washington. In camp balance of month.

The Thirty-fifth New Jersey Infantry transferred from division on 31st by orders. Command ordered to make preparations to be transported to Louisville, Ky.

Jun 1, 2, 3, and 4. -This command lay in camp near Washington, D. C.

June 5. -The Twenty-fifth and Thirty-second Wisconsin were dropped from the returns of this command to be mustered out.

June 5, 6, and 7. -The command moved by rail to Parkersburg, W. Va., and from there on the 8th, 9th, and 10th by water to Louisville, Ky., where it went into camp two miles and a half southwest of the city. Lay in camp the balance of the month.

June 28. -Received orders to muster out seven regiments of this division.

