
I desire especially to call attention to the prompt, steady, earnest, and persevering co-operation of regimental and company commanders, and to thank the troops for their gallant conduct during this spirited contest.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. ORR,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade During Engagement.

Captain HENRY A. HALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division, 23rd Army Corps.

A D D E N D A.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 1ST DIV., 23rd A. C., Numbers 3. In the Field, near Wise's Forks, N. C., March 11, 1865.

The colonel commanding desires to congratulate the officers and men of this brigade on account of their splendid success in repulsing the assaults of the enemy in the action yesterday, and to express his high appreciation and warm thanks for their coolness, gallantry, courage, and faithful obedience to orders. Our loss, though not severe, has deprived us of some of the best and bravest men of this command, and every token and mark of respect practicable must be shown the gallant dead, while every kindness and attention must be given to those who are suffering from wounds received while bravely repulsing the enemy. He takes great pleasure in announcing that General Cox, in presence of the division commander, complimented him personally on the gallant conduct of his command, saying that he never saw better fighting, and that they had nobly sustained the personal reputation gained during the first year's service on the Atlanta campaign. He desires especially to thank regimental commanders for the prompt, steady, earnest, and persevering co-operation with which they have supported himself and each other, and he trusts that the same hearty co-operation will extend to him while he continues to command this brigade.

By command of Colonel J. M. Orr, commanding brigade:

JOHN W. WALKER,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 240. Report of Colonel Allen W. Prather, One hundred and twentieth Indiana Infantry, of operations March 8-10.
HEADQUARTERS 120TH INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,March 30, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the part taken by the One hundred and twentieth Indiana Infantry in the engagement near Kinston, N. C., during the 8th, 9th, and 10th instant.

I moved out from camp on Gum Swamp with the brigade. Arriving at General Schofield's headquarters I was left in readiness to proceed to the line when required. In a few minutes I received orders from Colonel Orr, commanding brigade, to move my regiment on the line. I did so, to the right of the One hundred and twenty-eighth Indiana Infantry, across a small stream; this done under a pretty heavy fire. Our skirmishers were being driven back. By direction of Colonel Orr I strengthened the line by two companies and soon quieted the enemy. In the meantime I had my men to throw up a rude breast-work; this

