
done under fire. I strengthened the works during the night. The night was passed in picket-firing, some straggling shots taking effect in the works. During that night the rebels undertook to force our picket-line and were repulsed several times, but at length I saw men coming back in great haste, and, finding that they were from the left of our brigade, I then took two companies and went in person to the line. I found to the left the line had fallen back 200 or 300 yards, but the line of the First Brigade had not been moved. My pickets were on the left of brigade line. The two additional companies were then deployed, refusing to the left, so as to cover the left-flank of our pickets. I saw Lieutenant-Colonel Bruner, brigade picket officer of the day, Second Brigade, and directed him to move his pickets forward again to their old line and I would assist him with my two companies. He gave the order and we moved on in fine style, in the face of a heavy fire, and soon re-established the line. Great credit is due Lieutenant Colonel R. C. Kise, picket officer of the day for First Brigade, and the officers in command of the detachment from different regiments in brigade, for their coolness and bravery on that occasion.

During the 10th there was heavy skirmishing, and about noon the enemy came in force. About 9 a.m. I received directions that I would probably have to occupy the works of the One hundred and twenty-eighth Indiana and half of my own, as the Second Brigade would probably have to be withdrawn. At about 11 a.m. the movement was made, and when the rebels made the assault my regiment was in single rank, covering about 250 yards of works; the result was the enemy badly whipped and driven off the field. As soon as the enemy gave way I was ordered to charge, which I did, driving the enemy before me for some distance, passing through their line of battle, and the enemy to my left commenced firing into my left and rear. I then retired, bringing off some thirty-two prisoners and all my wounded. I then threw out two companies as skirmishers, who gradually drove the enemy in conjunction with other skirmishers back to our old line, but with some loss.

I think I never saw men act with greater coolness and daring than mine did. You see by the report of casualties that my loss was 2 officers and 35 enlisted men. So ended another of the great victories.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. PRATHER,

Colonel 120th Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant J. W. WALKER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 241. Report of Major Henry S. Gibson, One hundred and twenty-fourth Indiana Infantry, of operations March 8-11.
HEADQUARTERS 124TH INDIANA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,March 12, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with orders received this day I have the honor to submit the following report of active operations of my command since March 8, 1865:

On the evening of March 8 we took position in the edge of a pine grove directly to the left of British road, near two miles from the rail-

60 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

