
road, where we found the enemy in strong force in our immediate front. Companies A and D were immediately deployed in our front as skirmishers and advanced. Upon doing so they received quite a severe fire from the skirmishers of the enemy, but kept steadily on their course until they had gained a position near their lines, from which they could pour in a well-directed fire upon the enemy, which succeeded in keeping them at bay until darkness set in, at which time we built skirmish pits on the line for the protection of skirmishers. In this evening's engagement our loss was 1 first lieutenant and 8 enlisted men wounded. The men were nearly all night long employed in building breast-works for their protection on the morrow; but when morning dawned it was ascertained that the line previously occupied by the enemy's skirmishers had during the night been evacuated by them. Companies B and F were immediately advanced, proceeding about 400 yards. They were found occupying a strong position on the northwest slope of a hill in our immediate front. Our line of skirmishers now occupied the works which had been during the night evacuated by that of the enemy's line, some 100 to 150 yards of each other. During the day considerable firing was kept up on either side without any very extensive demonstration from the enemy until near 4 p.m. (9th), when the enemy charged our line, but unsuccessfully. B and F handsomely repulsed this demonstration on their part. The firing was kept up until near 10 p.m., when it ceased for the night, with the exception of an occasional shot from one party or the other. During this day's skirmish our loss was 4 enlisted men wounded and 1 killed.

Near 11 a.m. 10th the lines were again charged by the enemy; our lines on the left giving way they were somewhat more successful than the day previous. G and H being on the line this day they were outflanked by the left giving way. Not until then did they succeed in driving our skirmishers in; no sooner had they gained the main line of defense than a strong line of battle was discovered advancing against us; we now opened fire upon them, most handsomely repulsing them. Captain Asa Teal, commanding Company G, followed by Captain James L. Neff, commanding Company H, now again endeavored to re-establish their line in the front, but were unsuccessful, and again driven back to the breast-works; after which the command was ordered to move forward, which order was no sooner received than responded to by the men clearing the works and furiously rushing after the enemy. We had not, however, proceeded far when a strong force, far outnumbering us, came against us; we now again fell back to the defenses, awaiting their approach anxiously, but, fortunately for them, they very prudently abandoned charging us. Again our skirmish line was advanced; being re-enforced by a detail from the command, Captain Teal jumped over the works, followed by his company, and H, under Captain Neff, following. Those gallant officers soon had their line formed and attempted to advance, but the enemy being too strong for them they could not retake their former line, but determined to hold the line they now had.

While going from one end of his line to the other, cheering and encouraging his men to hold their position, Captain Neff unfortunately received a shot in his neck, passing clear through, causing instant death. No officer ever died braver than did Captain James L. Neff. Young, brave, and intelligent, his death is lamented by all who knew him.

Too much cannot be said of any participants of this day's fight.

