
Concluding to abandon the attempt of retaking our former position, it was determined to hold our present line. After night set in rifle-pits were accordingly erected by the skirmishers. During this day's operations our loss was: 1 captain and 2 men killed, and 26 enlisted men wounded. During the night no firing could be heard; all was quiet along our lines, with the exception of two shots from a piece of Artillery. When day dawned it was discovered that the enemy had again abandoned their works. On the morning of the 11th the skirmish line was again advanced, finding the enemy entirely gone, having evacuated their works during the night, making good their escape across Neuse River, burning the bridge in their rear.

Our losses during operations are: 1 captain and 3 enlisted men killed, and 37 enlisted men wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

H. S. GIBSON,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant JOHN W. WALKER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Numbers 242. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jasper Packard, One hundred and twenty-eighth Indiana Infantry, of operations March 8-10.
HDQRS. 128TH REGIMENT INDIANA VOL. INFANTRY,In the Field, near Wise's Forks, March 12, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by my command in the engagement which closed on the 10th instant.

On the 8th my regiment moved with the brigade from the camp on Gum Creek rapidly to the front; took position and intrenched the line running nearly north and south, and a company was sent out as skirmishers. During the advance I had two men wounded and another was wounded on the skirmish line. On the 9th the line was held, and in the evening, just after dark, a heavy attack on the picket-line caused the skirmishers on the left, of a company from my regiment, to fall back, but I am proud to say that my men bravely stood to their posts, firing to their flank, and held the enemy in check until a company could be sent to their support. In this connection I desire to make favorable mention of Sergeant Ball, of Company G, and Private Abraham Shaver, of the same company. In this attack one man was wounded. On the 10th, about noon, my command was moved to the left and occupied the works that had been covered by the One hundred and twenty-third and One hundred and thirtieth Indiana. This position was held during the engagement, and as soon as the foe was repulsed three companies were sent out as skirmishers, who, advancing with the other parts of the line, took possession of all the battle-field.

My casualties were: 2 officers wounded, one severely, the other mortally (since dead), and 1 enlisted man killed and 6 wounded, all severely.

All my officers and men behaved with commendable bravery.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JASPER PACKARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. W. WALKER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 23rd Army Corps.

