
Numbers 243. Report of Colonel Willard Warner, One hundred and eightieth Ohio Infantry, of operations March 8-10.
HEADQUARTERS 180TH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Wise's Forks, N. C., March 12, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the action of the 8th, 9th, and 10th instant at this place, as follows:

On the afternoon of the 8th I was first put into position about 100 yards in rear of the center of the brigade, with Company A, Captain Holland, and Company D, Captain Mills, in the front as skirmishers, both in charge of Major Wood, of my regiment. I intrenched immediately, in pursuance of orders, and remained in this position until midnight of the 9th instant, having, after the night of the 8th, one company on the skirmish line, when I was ordered by General Ruger to post my regiment in front of the Dover road and about half a mile to the south of the Trent road and beyond the left of General Carter's division, and to establish a strong intrenched picket-line from General Carter's left, parallel with and about half a mile in front and to the west of the Dover road, with the left refused and resting on the road in rear of the ammunition train and hospital of the First Division, with notice that an attack on our left or attempt to flank in that direction was anticipated, and that I was expected to resist stubbornly any approach of the enemy to the Dover road, in order that time might be had to send other troops to meet the attack, should it be made. While passing to my position I was directed by a staff officer of General Cox to bivouac for the night near the hospital and await further orders.

On the morning of the 10th instant General Carter's refused picketline on his left was thrown forward parallel with the Dover road, and I was ordered by General Ruger to continue that line in the manner before stated. I at once, in person, commenced establishing an intrenched picket-line of groups of four men from forty to fifty yards apart, and had nearly finished when the enemy's attack commenced on the Trent road, and I was ordered to follow, with my regiment, the left of the Second Brigade, First Division, Twenty-third Corps, and to receive orders from Colonel McQuiston, commanding. A few minutes after joining the left of the Second Brigade I was ordered by General Ruger to double-quick to the support of the First Brigade, and had nearly reached it when I was ordered back by General Cox and held in reserve at the forks of the roads, where I remained until near night, when I was ordered by General Ruger to report to Colonel Thomas, commanding Third Brigade, and was by him put in position on the left of his line south of the Trent road and west of and parallel with the Dover road, and remained until the afternoon of the 11th instant, when I was ordered to report with my regiment to my own brigade commander. During the day of the 10th I had two companies on the skirmish line, and during the night of the 10th and 11th four companies. Company A, Captain Holland, captured on the 10th, on the skirmish line, 31 prisoners, and Company C, Lieutenant Lemert, 2.

My casualties during the three days are as follows: 3 enlisted men killed, 2 officers and 11 enlisted men wounded.

Lieutenant Colonel Hiram McKay was dangerously wounded on the 9th on the skirmish line while in charge as brigade officer of the day. Brave,

