
cool, and skillful as an officer of three years' experience in all grades from private to his present rank, and of a noble, manly character, I deeply mourn his suffering and the loss of his services.

Lieutenant T. C. Hirst, Company D, was severely wounded on the 8th while bravely and skillfully directing the men of his company on the skirmish line under a sharp fire.

I bear glad testimony to the courage and faithfulness of all my officers and men, many of whom had never before been under fire. Every company but one, Company K, was at some time during the fight on the skirmish line.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLARD WARNER,

Colonel 180th Ohio, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JOHN W. WALKER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, First Div., 23rd Corps.

Numbers 244. Report of Colonel John C. McQuiston, One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations March 8-10.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Lenoir Institute, N. C., April 4, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Second Brigade, First Division, in the engagements near Kinston, N. C., March 8, 9 and 10, 1865:

At noon of the 8th of March, in pursuance to your orders, I moved Second Brigade from camp, near Dover Station, to Wise's Forks, a distance of four miles; formed line of battle; sent forward one company from each regiment of the brigade as skirmishers, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Walters, followed by the brigade. The skirmish line soon engaged the enemy, driving him about half a mile, the brigade taking position between the Dover and Trent roads, the right joining First Brigade, the left resting near General Carter's command, where we constructed works in front of our line of battle. At dark, in pursuance to orders, I directed the Twenty-eighth Michigan Regiment, Colonel W. W. Wheeler commanding, to report to Colonel Thomas, on the right of General Palmer's command. The enemy during the night, and also several times during the next day, made attempts to drive in our skirmishers, but were repulsed. On the 10th instant, at 11 a.m., it became evident that the enemy were moving on our extreme left flank in direction of Dover Crossing. Leaving my skirmishers under command direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Bruner, of One hundred and thirtieth Indiana Volunteers, in front of the works, I halted the regiments when the right rested near the extreme left of General Carter's command. Sent forward one company as skirmishers from each of the three regiments, the whole under command of Major Robbins, of the One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Volunteers. Formed line of battle; moved on the flank of the enemy, completely routing them, capturing about 240 prisoners.

The command having arrived on the Trent road I was ordered by Colonel Stiles, acting aide on General Cox's staff, to halt my command and remain until further orders. At 4 p.m. the One hundred

