
Second Brigade, First Division.

January 1. -Brigade was encamped at Dillon's Bridge, Ga., at the junction of the canal with the Ogeechee River, guarding the ford.

January 3. -Marched at 6 a. m. to Fort Thunderbolt, below Savannah; distance, twenty-three miles.

January 4. -Embarked on the steamers S. R. Spaulding, Canonicus, and Fannie and put to sea; at 6 p. m. reached Beaufort, S. C., where we disembarked and moved two miles out of the city and went into camp, where we lay until January 13, when at 5 p. m. we marched, and encamped at 9 p. m. near Port Royal Ferry.

January 14. -Marched at 7. 30 [a. m.] and encamped at sunset three miles from Pocotaligo Station, on the Charleston and Savannah Railroad.

January 15. -Marched at 7 a. m. to the railroad and went into camp, where the command was supplied with clothing.

January 20. -Went with the rest of the division on a reconnaissance to the Salkehatchie River; met a small force of the enemy when about two miles from the railroad and skirmished, driving them about four miles with the loss of one man, when finding the river too deep and current too swift to be forded returned to camp.

January 25. -Pontoons having been expressly prepared, the First Division went again to the Salkehatchie River, but owing to the heavy rains the river was very much swollen; the land being low was overflowed to the distance of more than a mile, and from two to three feet deep. Great exertions were used by transporting the troops to a small island in front of a rebel fort, and distant about 600 yards, by mules, ambulances, and boats, in order to effect a lodgment on the opposite bank, but it was impracticable, and the division returned to camp at 1 a. m. January 26.

January 29. -Colonel Montgomery, Twenty-fifth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, assumed command of the brigade.

January 30. -Campaign commenced; marched six miles and encamped at 1 p. m.

February 1. -Marched at 7 a. m. ; crossed Whippy Swamp; fourteen miles.

February 2. -Marched two miles and a half; skirmished afternoon and night; loss, 3 killed and 6 wounded.

February 3. -Skirmished all day; crossed swamp north of Rivers' Bridge; formed in line of battle and drove the enemy from their works; loss, 17 wounded and 6 killed.

February 4. -Lay in camp.

February 5. -Moved back across river to guard rear while train crossed.

February 6. -Marched to Cowpen Ford; eleven miles.

February 7. -Marched to Midway; ten miles.

February 8. -Destroyed two miles and a half railroad east from Midway; advanced one mile.

February 9. -Marched to Binnaker's Bridge; crossed Edisto River below bridge on pontoon; waded swamps, water waist-deep; drove the enemy eight miles.

February 10. -Lay in camp all day; evening went on reconnaissance to Holman's Bridge; met pickets of Fifteenth Army Corps and returned to camp.

February 11. -Marched to North Edisto River; fourteen miles.

