
by the right flank, on double-quick, four miles in the direction of Kinston, following the One hundred and twenty-ninth Indiana Volunteers, of your brigade. Arriving at Wise's Cross-Roads, at the right of General Carter's division, the command halted, and I was detailed to command the skirmish line, consisting of one company from each regiment of your brigade, Company F, Captain Donnohue commanding, being taken from my regiment. I deployed the skirmish line and moved forward, striking the enemy's skirmish line and driving them to their main line of battle. The regiment, under command of Major Robbins, moved forward in support of the skirmish line until ordered to halt and throw up works, which was accomplished before night. Heavy firing was kept up on the skirmish line during the night and following day, fresh men being sent out from the works. About 3 p. m. of the 9th instant I was relieved by Lieutenant-Colonel Bruner, of the One hundred and thirtieth Indiana Volunteers, and resumed command of my regiment, remaining in position behind the works until about 11 a. m. of the 10th instant, when, by your order, I moved by the left flank on double-quick, following One hundred and thirtieth Indiana Volunteers to the left of General Carter's division on the Dover road. At this point Major Robbins, of my regiment, was placed in command of four companies for skirmish duty, including Company C, One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Volunteers, Captain Utter commanding. His line advanced on the enemy, supported by my command, and, striking the right flank of Hoke's division, we drove them rapidly back in confusion, capturing several prisoners and all their dead and wounded. Then, by your order, I halted, and sent Company H, Second Lieutenant W. F. Burk, commanding, one mile, who found that the enemy had abandoned his position in front of us. I then moved my command back to the Trent road, where I halted until ordered by the left of the One hundred and eightieth Ohio Volunteers. At this point I threw up works during the night.

I herewith append a list of casualties in my command during the three days. *

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. WALTERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 123rd Indiana Volunteers.

Colonel JOHN C. McQUINSTON,

Commanding Second Brigadier, First Div., Twenty-third Army Corps.

No. 246. Report of Captain David Bennett, One hundred and twenty-ninth Indiana Infantry, of operations March 8 - 10.

HEADQUARTERS 129TH INDIANA INFANTRY, Moseley Hall, N. C., April 1, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and twenty-ninth Indiana Infantry during the engagements near Kingston, N. C., March 8,9 and 10, 1865:

We broke camp march 8, 1865, about noon, marched down the railroad, near Generals Carter's and Palmer's division, sent Company A in advance as skirmishers, following close up with the regiment in line

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 61.

---------------

