
of battle. The skirmishers soon developed the enemy in strong force. I halted the regiment in line with the rest of the brigade, and immediately commenced throwing up works; the skirmishers keeping up a constant fire in front. The company (A) I had on the skirmish line had seven men wounded on the 8th. Company B had one wounded while building works in line with the rest of the regiment. March 9, nothing of interest occurred. I had the works strengthened, &amp;c. March 10, early in the morning I received orders to be ready to move at a moment's warning. I held my regiment in readiness till 11 o'clock, when the order came to move by the left flank to the left of Carter's division. I moved with the rest of the brigade at a double-quick, formed in line and advanced in line with the brigade about three-quarters of a mile, halted, sent companies I and H in advance as skirmishers. The skirmishers took a number of prisoners, remained till 4 o'clock, moved to the right, and reported to Colonel Orr, commanding First Brigade; strengthened the works in our front, cut the brush in front of the works for 300 yards, went into camp in rear of the works.

The following is a list of casualties, during the three days in the One hundred and twenty-ninth Indiana: 1 enlisted men killed and 10 wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID BENNETT,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

First Lieutenant W. H. COVERT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 247. Report of Colonel Charles S. Parrish, One hundred and thirtieth Indiana Infantry, of operations March 8-10.

HDQRS. 130TH REGIMENT INDIANA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS, Camp near Kinston, N. C., April 3, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my command in the operations against the enemy near Kingston, N. C., on the 8th, 9th, and 10th ultimo:

On the 8th broke camp on the Atlantic and North Carolina Railroad and marched to Wise's Forks, a distance of five miles, where we found the command of General Palmer skirmishing with the enemy; under direction of the brigade, commander threw out Company A to the front as skirmishers, who were soon engaged with the skirmishers of the enemy. Constructed breast-works in front of our line of battle, the enemy during the night had also several times during the next day making several persistent but ineffectual attempts to drive in our skirmishers. On the 10th it became evident that the enemy were moving to the right for the purpose of turning our extreme left flank, when, by order of the brigade commander, I moved my command to the left, occupying the left of the brigade and of the division; sent out Company D as skirmishers, who soon engaged the enemy in their new position, when I was ordered to report with my command to the commanding officer of the Second Brigade, First Division, and with that command moved back to my original position in rear of my breast-works.

