
I send herewith a list of casualties occurring in my command during these operations. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. PARRISH,

Colonel, Commanding 130th Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant W. H. COVERT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 23rd Army Corps.

No. 248. Report of Colonel William W. Wheeler, Twenty-eighth Michigan Infantry, of operations March 8 - 10.
HDQRS. TWENTY-EIGHTH MICHIGAN INFANTRY VOLS., In the Field, N. C., March 31, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that at noon of the 8th day of March this regiment, then lying at the crossing of the Dover road and the Atlantic and North Carolina Railroad, received orders to move and immediately proceeded with the Second Brigade, First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, of which it forms a part, to Wise's Forks. About 3 p. m. of the same day the brigade was assigned position and this regiment was ordered to fill a vacancy between the right of the brigade line and the left of the line to our right occupied by General Palmer's forces, but was speedily withdrawn from that position and placed in reserve to the Second Brigade. About dark this regiment was ordered to report to Colonel Thomas, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and under his direction took and fortified a position on the left of the line occupied by Brigadier-General Carter's troops. At 7 a. m. March 9, this regiment under direction of Colonel Thomas moved to and fortified a position on the extreme right of the lines the occupied by our forces; remained in said position until 9 a. m. March 10, when it was moved rapidly to the support of the left of our lines, then threatened by the enemy. Here by orders of the general commanding division it was ordered to report to Colonel Orr, commanding First Brigade, First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and by his orders moved to the lines held by First Brigade. While taking position, by the director orders of some one of Colonel Orr's staff to the company officers and men, the right wing and colors of this regiment crossed the line of our works and drove the enemy from the line of rifle-pits occupied by them in our front, taking eleven prisoners, and were with difficulty withdrawn.

I have the honor to refer you to a schedule of losses, hereto annexed, suffered by the regiment. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. W. WHEELER,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Lieutenant W. H. COVERT,]

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 23rd Army Corps.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 61.

---------------

