
No. 249. Report of Colonel Minor T. Thomas, Eighth Minnesota Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations March 8 - 10.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Wheat Swamp Meeting-House, N. C., April 2, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my command at Wise's Forks, near Kinston, N. C., on the 8th, 9th and 10th of March:

On the 8th instant, at 1 p. m., received orders to move immediately from Gum Swamp, leaving one regiment on duty at that point, and marched with the One hundred and seventy-fourth and One hundred and seventy-eight Ohio Regiments, escorting two batteries of Artillery, to Wise's Forks, at which point were held in reserve until 5 p. m., when the One hundred and seventy-fourth Ohio reported to Colonel Orr, commanding the First Brigade. It was placed on the right of his line and remained in that position until 9 p. m., at which time it reported to me on the left of General Carter's command, when it and the Twenty-eighth Michigan Regiment, it also having reported to me, were put in position and works were constructed, refusing the left of the line until it joined the Trent road. On the 9th instant, at 10 a. m., I was ordered to report to General Greene and marched under his direction to the support of General Palmer's division on the extreme right; marched with One hundred and seventy-eighth Ohio and Twenty-eighth Michigan Regiments and reported to General Palmer at 11 a. m. ; constructed works on his right for two regiments and remained in this position until 4 p. m., at which time I was ordered to send a regiment down to the Neuse River and hold a portion on the road near the mouth of the Southwest Creek. This duty was performed by Colonel Stafford's (One hundred and seventy-eighth Ohio) regiment. Remained in this position until 10. 30 a. m. March 10, at which time I was ordered to return with my command to the left as rapidly as possible. Moved at once with the Twenty-eighth Michigan Regiment as rapidly as it was possible for troops to move over the ground and arrived just as the enemy had been repulsed on the left, and in obedience to orders directed Colonel Wheeler to report his regiment to his brigade commander, which he did.

In the assault on the left the One hundred and seventy-fourth Ohio Regiment occupied a position in the center of the line attacked, and behaved with its accustomed gallantry. Attached to this regiment was Captain Wells, One hundred and seventy-eight Ohio, with sixty men of his [regiment], who also did excellent service.

At 5 p. m. the One hundred and eightieth Ohio and One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Regiments reported to me and were placed in position on the left of the Trent road, where they constructed works for the protection of the left and rear of the position.

I forward herewith a report of casualties during the engagement. *

In conclusion permit me to say that the behavior of my command effective in the execution of all orders received.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,M. T. THOMAS,

Colonel Eighth Minnesota Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain HENRY A. HALE,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 61.

---------------

