
No. 250. Report of Major George A. Camp, Eight Minnesota Infantry, of operations March 31.
HDQRS. EIGHTH MINNESOTA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Wheat Swamp, N. C., April 1, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders from Brigadier-General Ruger, I marched at 3 p. m. from this place yesterday in the direction of Hookerton, on the Contentnea Creek. Upon arrival on the direct road from Snow Hill to Kinston, seven miles from this place, I found a cavalry picket of thirty-five men under the command of Captain H. A. Hubbard, Company L, Twelfth New York Cavalry, which had that day been withdrawn from Hookerton. Captain Hubbard volunteered to scout the road in advance of my command, and I proceeded without anything occurring worthy of notice to within one-half a mile to Hookerton, where I found the enemy's pickets. Captain Hubbard immediately charged them, driving them through the town and scattering them in very direction, capturing 2 commissioned officers and 2 enlisted men. The enemy's force engaged consisted of two companies of Whitford's cavalry and numbered about eight men. Captain Hubbard charged and routed them with thirty men, and the charge was creditable to Captain Hubbard and the men of his command. I found the bridge at Hookerton intact, and learned from Captain Hubbard and others that Edwards' Bridge had been partially destroyed, also that the bridge between Hookerton and Snow Hill had been burned. I then returned three miles to the Snow Hill and Kinston road, arriving at 8. 30 p. m., where I camped for the night. This morning I moved at 7 a. m. to Snow Hill, where I found the bridge in good condition, but no enemy in the vicinity. I learned that five of the enemy's scouts were in that place yesterday. Captain Hubbard withdrew his pickets from the Snow Hill and Kinston road and I met them about three miles from this place on my return. There are no cavalry pickets east of the direct road from this place to Snow Hill. I returned to camp at 3 p. m. to-day, having marched twenty-four miles without seeing any stragglers from our Army, and from the best information I could get there have been none in the vicinity traveled by my command for the last three days.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

G. A. CAMP,Major Eight Minnesota, Vol. Infty., Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. BUTTERFIELD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 23rd Army Corps.

No. 251. Report of Colonel John S. Jones, One hundred and seventy-fourth Ohio Infantry, of operations March 8 - 10.

HEADQUARTERS 174TH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Wheat Creek, Church, N. C., March 30, 1865.

In obedience to orders I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the action at Wise's Forks, March 8, 9, and 10, 1865:

Reached the front at 3 p. m., March 8, and received orders to move with my regiment to the right of the First Division, Twenty-third

