
Army Corps, and report to Colonel Orr, commanding First Brigade. In obedience to his orders, I formed line immediately on the right of the One hundred and eightieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, reforming my right in order to meet any movement that might be made by the enemy against our right flank; threw forward one company (B) under command of Lieutenant Harriman, as skirmishers; threw up a strong line of works. Remained in this position until 8. 30 p. m. Received orders at 8. 30 p. m. to report back to Brevet Brigadier-General Thomas, commanding Third Brigade. Reported at 9 p. m., and formed line on the left of General Carter's division, my left extending very nearly to the Trent road; threw up a strong line of works. At 9 a. m. March 9, was notified that Brevet Brigadier-General Thomas would move with his brigade (except my regiment) to the right, and that I would receive orders direct from Major-General Cox. Remained with my entire command behind our works until about 11 p. m., when I was notified by Major ---, acting assistant adjutant-general on the staff of General Carter, that the picket-line in front of their division, and on my right, was broken, and at this request I sent a detachment of my command to restore the line. I sent with this force my Major, W. G. Beatty, a gallant and energetic officer, with instructions to re-establish the line and reported as soon as it was accomplished.

At 2 a. m. March 10 he reported the line re-established; and for the purpose of greater security, and at the request of the officer of the day from the command on our right, the detachment from my command was left on the line until morning. About 9 a. m. March 10 Captain Wells, One hundred and seventy-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanding a detachment of sixty men from that regiment, reported to me for orders; I assigned him a position immediately on my left, this making the line complete to the Trent road. About 11 a. m. a furious and determined assault was made upon our front by the enemy. The assault was persistent, lasting until 12. 30 p. m. but was repulsed with heavy loss to the assailants. During the assault we took over our works 142 prisoners. Immediately upon repulsing the enemy I threw forward two companies, Captain Campbell (E) and Captain Garrett (I), under Major Beatty, and many stragglers were picked up and 132 Enfield rifles were secured. The rebels left in front of my regiment thirty dead and a large number of wounded. The assault was made by Hoke's division, posted as follows: Their right, Colonel Simonton's brigade; center, General Colquitt's; and their left, General Kirkland's, commanded by General Hoke in person.

The number engaged in my regiment was 17 commissioned officers and 422 enlisted men.

Under my command during the engagement was Captain Wells, One hundred and seventy-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, an able and experienced officer, with sixty men of his regiment, who did gallant and efficient service in repelling the assault of the enemy.

The officers and men of my regiment behaved with coolness and gallantry, and it would be improper to make distinction by special mention.

The following is the list of casualties in the One hundred and seventy-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. *

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JOHN S. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding 175th Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant BUTTERFIELD, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 61.

---------------

