
No. 252. Report of Colonel Joab A. Stafford, One hundred and seventy-eight Ohio Infantry, of operations March 8 - 10.
HEADQUARTERS 178TH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Camp in the Field, April 1, 1865.

SIR: In obedience to orders I have the honor to report the part taken by this regiment during the engagement of the 9th and 10th of March, 1865:

In the evening of the 8th I was ordered by you to hold this regiment in reserve to the brigade, also to report to your headquarters seventy men, under a good officer, for picket duty. I did so, sending Captain George L. Wells, Company A, in charge of the pickets. These pickets were not relieved until after the action, but took part in the engagement on the left, and did good service, losing one man, wounded. On the morning of the 9th I moved to the right of the lines under directions from General Thomas, and built a line of works, but scarcely had them finished when I received orders to report at once to General Palmer, and from him I received instructions to move my regiment over on the Neuse road, fortify, and guard the road. I arrived at road about dark and immediately threw up a line of works. In this position my regiment remained, without being molested, until about 11 o'clock the next day (10th), when I received orders from General Palmer to move back to the position occupied by this regiment the day previous. I did so, remaining there until after the engagement. The line which I occupied was not engaged. The next morning, the 11th, I received orders from General Thomas to rejoin the brigade, which I did at once.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. A. STAFFORD,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. BUTTERFIELD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General,3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 23rd Army Corps.

No. 253. Report of Lieutenant Timothy Cannon, One hundred and eighty-first Ohio Infantry, Third Brigade, Second Division, of operations March 29 - 30.

HEADQUARTERS 181ST OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Best Station, N. C., March 31, 1865.

SIR: Pursuant to orders from the commanding officer of my regiment, received at 1. 30 o'clock yesterday, I proceeded with forty men to scout the country in the direction of Snow Hill. I reached Bates' house, some twelve miles from here, at dark, and bivouacked, this being convenient to a part of the Twelfth New York Cavalry, under command of Captain Horn. At 2 a. m. last night the cavalry outpost were attacked, but repulsed the enemy. About 3 p. m. the enemy's cavalry commenced feeling our advanced posts, but made no further demonstration. At 6. 30 a. m. my servant, going down to buy some victuals at a house situated 200 yards from my lines, was captured, and two of our cavalry that attempted to save him were taken at the same time. About 7 a. m. they pushed toward us about 100 cavalry, which was

