
immediately attacked by our forces, driving them completely, our infantry deploying and charging in conjunction with the thirty cavalry under Captain Horn. We drove them some two miles, when, my men being without rations for some twenty-four hours, and being greatly fatigued, and the time allotted for my absence from camp having expired, I drew in my men and returned.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

TIMOTHY CANNON,

First Lieutenant Company K, 181st Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant CHARLES A. VAN DEURSEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 254. Report of Major General Jacob D. Cox, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations February 8 - 22.

HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Greensborough, N. C., Mary 15, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Third Division of this corps and other forces under my command during the operations in front of Wilmington, in February last:

The Third Division of the corps, then under my command, after a rapid movement by steam-boats and railroads from Clifton, Tenn., to Washington and thence by sea to the mouth of Cape Fear River, N. C., landed at Fort Fisher on the 8th, 9th and 10th of February, from ocean steam-transports. The organization of the division was as follows:

First Brigade, Colonel O. W. Sterl, One hundred and fourth Ohio, commanding: One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, One hundredth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Twelfth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, Sixteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, Eighth Tennessee Volunteer Infantry (detached).

Second Brigade, Bvt. Brigadier General J. S. Casement, colonel One hundred and third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanding: Sixty-fifth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, Sixty-fifth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Fifth Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and seventy-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and third Ohio Volunteer Infantry (detached).

Third Brigade, Bvt. Brigadier General Thomas J. Henderson, colonel One hundred and twelfth Illinois Volunteers, commanding; One hundred and twelfth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Sixty-third Indiana Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and fortieth Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Effective force of the division, 4,458.

The field Artillery had not yet arrived.

On the 11th of February, in accordance with orders received from the general commanding the Army of the Ohio, the division was advanced along the east side of Cape Fear River in support of a movement of the troops under command of Major-General Terry, who made a forced reconnaissance of the rebel lines and established themselves in a new line of intrenchments, reaching across the peninsula about four miles from Federal Point. After General Terry's troops were in position my command was withdrawn to the old lines of Terry's command, like-

