
push his skirmish line in as close to the creek as possible and to make such demonstration as would keep the enemy's attention fastened upon the crossing at the bridge. Moore's brigade was held during the forenoon in reserve. The high ground upon which the enemy was terminated near his left flank, which was then covered by swamps covered with dense undergrowth, and small timber. Between this and the river the ground was low, widening out toward the mouth of the creek with extensive rice fields and swamps. The enemy did not extend his pickets through the swamp on his left, trusting to the impracticable nature of the ground, which made a long detour necessary on that side to reach his position. This fact enabled us to cross the two brigades without the movement being observed by the rebels. Meanwhile Henderson's skirmishers gradually advanced by alternate lines, each group digging a small rifle-pit at each successive advance till they had approached within very close musket range of the enemy's works, and were enabled to prevent the rebels from showing themselves above the parapet. The Artillery also kept up a slow but accurate practice, by which the rebels' Whitworth gun was disabled, and about noon it was sent to the rear. It subsequently appeared that Brigadier-General Hagood, the rebel commander, himself went to the rear about the same time, leaving their forces under command of Colonel Simonton, of South Carolina. The operation of crossing troops in the one small proved a tedious one, and it was past noon before the two brigades under General Casement were entirely over. I then ordered Moore's brigade to join them by the same means, and crossed with them myself, uniting the three brigades on the north side of the creek. The ground was such that no horses could be used and all officers were dismounted. With some difficulty the command passed through the rice swamps, moving obliquely to the right till we reached dry and land about a mile from the place of crossing. Here a lane was found leading from a plantation on the river to the Wilmington road, and striking it about two miles in rear of the enemy's position; the distance from where we then were being about two miles also. The Sixty-fifth Indiana, as advanced guard, was ordered to move rapidly forward by the land, deploying as skirmishers on the left of the road as fast as the firm ground opened. The remainder of the troops moved in column along the road about a mile, when the advance guard finding a strong picket of the enemy, which retired skirmishing, Casement's and Sterl's brigades were deployed in double line on the left of the road and at right angles to it, Moore's being moved as before by the right flank upon the road itself.

At 4 p. m. the Wilmington road was gained, the enemy being apparently so confident of the impossibility of an attack in force from that direction that they had opposed no serious resistance to our advance. On reaching the Wilmington road, known as the telegraph road, I learned from some negroes that another road leading from Town Creek bridge to Wilmington, known as the old public road, was about a mile farther to the west, the two roads forking about one-half mile from the creek. I immediately ordered Colonel Moore to march his brigade across to that other road, and having reached it, to move cautiously down upon it toward the creek, whilst with the other two brigades I should advance and attack the rear of the enemy's position, the object of Colonel Moore's movement being to cut off the retreat of the enemy by that road. Casement's and Sterl's brigades were at the same time formed in two lines and moved down upon the rear of the enemy's position. They had formed in a line of breast-works, partially completed, facing to the rear, and opened with spherical case and canister from their two brass pieces as we advanced. The lines were ordered to

