
No. 255. Reports of Colonel Oscar W. Sterl, One hundred and fourth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations February 8 - 22 and April 14.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Raleigh, N. C., April 28, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade from the time it landed at Fort Fisher until we entered Wilmington, N. C., on the morning of February 22, 1865:

On the 8th and 9th of February the troops of this brigade were landed and went into camp about one mile and a half inland, between Cape Fear River and Masonborough Sound, where it remained until the 11th, when it marched in support of the troops of General Terry while advancing his lines. With the exception of two night expeditions up Masonborough Sound, the brigade was inactive until the 16th, when we were transported to Smithville, and there camped for the night. On the 17th we moved on the road to Fort Anderson, having the advance. We soon struck the enemy's pickets and skirmished with them (three companies of the Sixteenth Kentucky acting as skirmishers) to within about two miles of the fort, where we threw up temporary works and bivouacked for the night. The 18th we moved up in sight of the enemy's works covering the fort; remained but a short time, when ordered back on the same road about four miles, then taking across the country to the left, we encountered the enemy's outpost strongly posted on the other side of an almost impassable swamp. After a Little delay a sufficient force was got over, man by man, under cover of the brush, to charge their rifle-pits. The charge was made successfully by Lieutenant H. L. Reed, with fifteen men of the One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, that regiment being in advance. In the affair the charging party last 1 man killed and 4 wounded, Lieutenant Reed being shot in both legs. The command was then crossed, meeting General Terry's troops on the other side, and both commands camped for the night. On the 19th I sent out the Twelfth Kentucky Veteran Volunteers (this brigade still being in advance) some miles ahead, and ascertaining that the road was clear pushed on the direct road to Wilmington, the rebels having evacuated Fort Anderson during the night. We marched about ten miles and camped near Town Creek.

On the 20th we pushed on the main road till nearing the Old Town Creek Bridge, on the Wilmington road, we found the enemy posted on the opposite side; the Third Brigade, of our division, behind works on this. Here we were ordered to the right, and, striking the creek between Cape Fear River and on the road, crossed in a flat-boat after the Second Brigade, which was in advance. After getting all the troops across we moved forward about a quarter of a mile, where we formed a line of battle in support of the Second Brigade and moved forward through a thick woods toward the road leading to the rear of the enemy's position, at Town Creek bridge. The enemy, discovering us, opened a piece of Artillery. We moved in the direction of the firing for some distance, but the Artillery becoming entirely silent it was concluded the enemy had retired, and preparations were made to go into camp for the night. The One hundredth Ohio, being sent forward to ascertain if the road was clear between us and Town Creek bridge, discovered the enemy's position. Receiving orders to attack we at once reformed our lines and charged the enemy, driving him and capturing

