
3 pieces of Artillery, several horses and sets of Artillery harness, 2 stand of colors, and between 300 and 400 prisoners. Our loss in the charge was 3 killed and 31 wounded. On the 21st the command moved forward to Brunswick Ferry. The Sixteenth Kentucky, Lieutenant Colonel John. S. White commanding, taking the left fork of the road, as ordered, reached the ferry before the advance, Brigadier-General Casement, and assisted in the construction of a temporary bridge made of partially destroyed flat-boats and other material found near the ferry. The regiment was then crossed and proceeded on in the direction of Wilmington. When they arrived within three-quarters of mile of the city the enemy opened a piece of Artillery on the head of the column, and as the road was straight and through a thick swamp it was impossible to go forward without great loss of life. So, in obedience to orders, the regiment was withdrawn half a mile back, to the bend of the road, which afforded more protection to the men. Here they built breast-works and remained until dark, when the regiment was withdrawn, except two companies, in consequence of orders to withdraw from Brunswick Ferry and cross Cape Fear River and join the troops of General Terry. In this movement the regiment lost 1 man killed and 3 wounded. The march to Cape Fear River to join General Terry was commenced about 10 p. m., and about 11. 30 p. m. received orders countermanding the movement and again returned to the ferry.

On the morning of the 22nd, shortly after 8 o'clock, the advance pickets of the Sixteenth Kentucky entered Wilmington, having discovered the enemy had abandoned the place during the night. On the forenoon the One hundred and fourth Ohio was crossed to the city in flat-boats and was assigned to provost duty.

As regards the behavior of the troops, both officers and men acted with their usual promptness and courage and were always ready for any emergency.

I am, Major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. W. STERL,

Colonel 104th Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Major THEODORE COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-third Army Corps.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Ten miles from Raleigh, N. C., April 14, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that just as we arrived in camp at this point information was received that the rebels had attacked the train five miles in the rear. On sending back it was ascertained that Captain Garoutte, Twenty-third Army Corps' supply train, in charge of Mr. Harper, on coming up to the forks of the road, near the farm of Mrs. Sanders, was decoyed on the left fork by a man dressed in the uniform of a lieutenant in the Federal service, who told the driver that he must take that road, and before the guards suspected anything wrong some sixty wagons has been taken off and guards overpowered and captured by rebels in ambush. A few shots, however, were fired, the reports of which were heard by Captain Rundell who commanded his regiment as rear guard, and he at once deployed two companies and started in pursuit came up to, and attacked the rebels, driving them off; not, however, before they had burned, as near as we can find out, some sixteen wagons, and carried off seven. All the rest

