
were recaptured, but from fifteen the mules were cut loose. Most of the guards who were captured escaped, and a few of the mules were recaptured, but the harness was generally cut up and destroyed. The rebels shot such mules as they could not carry off. The guards who were captured and escaped report the enemy to number about seventy. Citizens report a cavalry force upon that road this morning of from 400 to 600. Captain Rundell captured at the scene of action a man, claiming to be a citizen, who was engaged in leading off some of the mules, and who admits that he informed the commanding officer of a rebel cavalry force (which he thinks numbered about 600) that our trains were then passing upon the road. The drivers and wagon-masters of the corps supply train are all citizens, and no quartermaster or commissioned officer in charge, and they have persisted, contrary to repeated orders, in sloping to water their mules, thus leaving gaps within the train. Such was the case in this instance. Had the train been kept closed up properly the accident could not have occurred, as the guards would have suspected something wrong in the rear of the train going on a different road to the advance. I sent mules to the rear for the fifteen wagons from which the mules were cut, and they are being brought to camp.

I would here mention that I have three regiment to guard these trains, in all about 290 wagons. They were disposed of as follows: One regiment in advance, one in the center, and the third in the rear of the train, with skirmishers or guards from each accompanying the wagons along the whole train.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. W. STERL,

Colonel 104th Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain H. H. THOMAS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Twenty-third Army Corps.

No. 256. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General John S. Casement, One hundred and third Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations February 17 - 22.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Goldsborough, N. C., April 9, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders received I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade from the time of leaving Smithville to the occupation of Wilmington, N. C.:

Brigade broke camp at Smithville February 17, 1865, moving on Wilmington road; marched nine miles and bivouacked for the night in front of and three miles from Fort Anderson. At 7 o'clock on the morning of the 18th the brigade advanced on road leading to Fort Anderson. The Sixty-fifth Indiana Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel John W. Hammond commanding, were deployed as skirmishers, who attacked the enemy in their rifle-pits, and, after a sharp skirmish, drove them in confusion to their main defense and established their skirmish line within muster-range of the enemy's works. The brigade then moved up and went into position in the edge of a piece of woods in the right of the Wilmington road, fronting the enemy's works, covering said road. At 12 m. the brigade was relieved by Colonel Moore, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and

