
marched five miles to the left and rear of Fort Anderson and bivouacked for the night. The following day the brigade moved forward, passing in rear of the fort, which had been evacuated during the night, striking the Wilmington road, pushing vigorously forward in pursuit of the retreating enemy, and went into camp for the night near Town Creek. Early on the morning of the 20th an advance was made, disclosing the enemy in position on the north bank of Town Creek, disputing in force the crossing of the bridge. The brigade then moved down the creek one mile and crossed the creek by means of an old flat-boat. Works were thrown up immediately, which were abandoned on moving around in rear of enemy's position. The Sixty-fifth Indiana were here thrown forward as skirmishers, who advanced rapidly, driving the enemy's skirmishers to their main line, thus opening the road for the troops to come into position. Our line of battle was immediately formed, with right resting on the road and joining First Brigade, Colonel Sterl commanding. At 4 p. m. a charge was ordered, which resulted in the complete rout and capture of an entire rebel brigade. Of the prisoners, about 175 were captured by this brigade.

Both officers and men behaved with great gallantry.

February 21, moved toward Wilmington without opposition, and reached Brunswick River. The One hundred and seventy-seventh Ohio were ordered to construct a crossing, which was completed at 9 p. m. February 22, entered the city of Wilmington.

Our loss is as follows: Sixty-sixth Indiana Volunteers, 13 enlisted men wounded; Sixty-fifth Illinois Volunteer, 3 enlisted men wounded; total, 16 enlisted men wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. CASEMENT,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Captain H. H. THOMAS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Twenty-third Army Corps.

No. 257. Reports of Colonel Thomas J. Henderson, One hundred and twelfth Illinois Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations February 17 -23 and March 31.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Goldsborough, N. C., April 6, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to very respectfully to report the operations of my brigade from Smithville to Wilmington, N. C., in the month of February last:

On the morning of the 17th of February, in obedience to orders, I moved my brigade out on the Fort Anderson road, following the First Brigade, commanded by Colonel Sterl, One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. After marching bout about five miles, by direction of the Major-general commanding I moved my brigade on a right hand road, leading also to Fort Anderson, but approaching Cape Fear River some two or three miles below the fort. We found rebel cavalry pickets soon after leaving the main road, and at Governor's Creek four companies of rebel cavalry were stationed. They were, however, easily driven back, and on approaching the river (Cape Fear) I halted my command

