
and went into under orders, taking the precaution to throw up works in my front. On the morning of the 18th, advancing a strong skirmish line, I moved forward by the right of companies to the front, wherever it was practicable to do so, and when within about a mile of Fort Anderson a connection was made between my skirmish line and that of Brevet Brigadier-General Casement, commanding the forces which moved up on the main road. The whole line was then advanced until within from 600 to 800 yards of the fort. My skirmish line was advanced until the right, resting on the river, reached a point not more than 300 yards from the fort, but the men being severely exposed to the fire from our gun-boats, and one man being severely wounded, I withdrew the line somewhat and threw the right back a short distance from the river. About 11 a. m. my brigade and Colonel Moore's brigade, of the Second Division, were left in position under command of Colonel Moore, with orders to throw up works, while the First and Second Brigade moved around so as to get in rear of the fort, and if possible to prevent the retreat of the enemy. We immediately constructed good strong works and advanced the skirmish line as far as it could be with safety; but during the night the fort was evacuated, and on the morning of the 19th, about 5 o'clock, the skirmishers entered the fort without opposition. The evacuation was no doubt induced by the movement of the column under the command of Major-General Cox, which otherwise would have got in rear of the fort and cut off the retreat of the garrison.

Under orders from Colonel Moore I immediately moved my brigade in pursuit of the enemy, who had taken in their retreat the Town Creek road; but after marching out about three miles I halted my command, by orders of Major-General Schofield, until the other forces should get up. About 2 p. m. I received orders from Major-General Cox to move forward cautiously and to advance as near to the enemy as practicable before night, when I again moved forward, meeting with but Little opposition until I got near Town Creek bridge, where I found a strong rebel picket. They, however, soon ran back to the opposite bank of the creek, under the fire of our skirmishers, taking the plank off of the bridge after them, and the enemy opened upon us a fire from his Artillery. I at once formed the troops in line, occupying the crest of a ridge running nearly parallel to the creek, and commenced fortifying. At the time I pushed my skirmish line as far forward as it could be before dark. The enemy occupied a very strong position on the left or opposite bank of the creek; had thrown up very heavy works and had three pieces of Artillery, covering well the bridge and its approaches. The creek was not wide, but deep and could not be passed by troops without a bridge or boat, and between my line and the creek there was an almost impassable swamp, so the only practicable approach to the bridge or creek, in front of the enemy's works, was the causeway constructed through it. Being informed that there was a warehouse a short distance below us, on the creek, in which there was rebel commissary stores, and that there was also a flag-boat or scow in the creek by it, brought there for the purpose of removing the stores, I ordered a guard to take possession of them and hold them, which was done.

On the morning of the 20th I commenced advancing my skirmish line, and although the ground over which they must advance was open and level and afforded no cover to the men, and they were exposed to a constant fire from the enemy behind his works, the skirmishers succeeded in approaching within from 150 to 200 yards of the bridge, so as to cove it and prevent the enemy from destroying it. While doing

