
April 14. -Marched seventeen miles to camp near Raleigh, N. C.

April 24. -Reviewed with corps by General Grant.

April 25. -Moved to the front nine miles.

April 27. -Returned to old camp near Raleigh.

April 29. -Marched ten miles, crossing Neuse River.

Third Division.

January 1 to 3. -Lay in camp at Laurel Grove Cemetery, Savannah.

January 4. -Marched to Thunderbolt Battery; seven miles.

January 6. -Embarked the division and proceeded to Beaufort, S. C., arriving during the night; sixty miles.

January 7. -Moved out and encamped; three miles and a half.

January 8 to 12. -Lay in camp.

January 13. -Moved to Port Royal Ferry; nine miles.

January 14. -Moved to Old Pocotaligo, skirmishing with the enemy; ten miles.

January 15. -Moved to Pocotaligo Station; one mile and a half.

January 16 to 29. -Lay in camp, sending demonstration at old pontoon across Salkehatchie.

Total march, 101 miles.

February 1. -Marched to Whippy Swamp; thirteen miles.

February 2. -Marched to Barker's Mills, sixteen miles, skirmishing with and driven the enemy and saving the bridge.

February 3. -Marched to Rivers' Bridge; eight miles.

February 4. -Lay in camp.

February 5. -Crossed Salkehatchie; marched four miles.

February 6. -Marched to and crossed Little Salkehatchie, ten miles, driving enemy from crossing.

February 7. -Lay in camp.

February 8. -Moved to Midway; eight miles.

February 9. -Moved to Binnaker's Bridge; marched thirteen miles.

February 10. -Crossed the Edisto; marched two miles.

February 11. -Moved to North Fork of Edisto, opposite Orangeburg, finding the enemy strongly posted; skirmished until dark, saving bridge; marched fourteen miles.

February 12. -Crossed on pontoons a mile below, driving the enemy from Orangeburg and effecting lodgment on railroad; marched five miles.

February 13. -Marched up railroad fourteen miles.

February 14. -Marched farther up railroad, taking Columbia road; marched twenty-one miles.

[February 15]. -Marched to Congaree Creek, flanking up the same to Taylor's Bridge; eleven miles.

February 16. -Crossed Little Congaree and encamped opposite Columbia; six miles.

February 17. -Crossed Broad and Saluda Rivers to Columbia; six miles.

February 18. -Moved out from Columbia, destroying railroad; marched six miles.

February 19. -Troops marched to and destroyed railroad; twelve miles.

February 20. -Marched to near Winnsborough; nine miles.

7 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

