
this, and while the skirmishers, as well as Battery D, First Ohio Artillery, kept up a very constant fire upon the enemy, the First and Second Brigade, Third Division, and Colonel Moore's brigade, Second Division, crossed the creek same distance below the bridge, in the scow or flat-boat secured the night before, and got in the rear of the enemy and compelled his hasty retreat. About 5 p. m. Lieutenant-Colonel Morris, Sixty-third Indiana Infantry, commanding the skirmishers, succeeded in crossing over the creek by the bridge, which was not injured otherwise than by removing the plank and taking off some of the stringers, and with a portion of the skirmishers took possession of the enemy's works and captured thirty-one prisoners.

On the 21st I moved my brigade toward Wilmington, marching in rear of the division. On arriving at Brunswick River, and in sight of the town of Wilmington, it was found that the brigade over that stream had been destroyed by the enemy, and in obedience to orders I put my brigade in position, facing to the rear, and threw up very strong works, covering the road upon which we had moved, but at 12 o'clock at night I received orders to move to the mouth of Town Creek, or near it, and to report there to Major-General Schofield, which I did, reaching Cape Fear River, just above the mouth of Town Creek, a Little after daylight on the morning of the 22nd, and immediately reported to General Schofield. But about that time information was received that the enemy had left General Terry's front and that Wilmington was probably evacuated, so that I was ordered to remain where I was until further orders. On the morning of the 23rd, having received orders to move my command to Wilmington, I did so, leaving the One hundred and twelfth Illinois, as directed, at Brunswick River to guard the bridge, and arrived in the city about 3 p. m., thus terminating a short but active and successful campaign.

The country from Smithville to Wilmington was very unfavorable for military movements, and may be generally described as low, flat, and full of swamps, many of which the men had to Wade - some of them quite impassable.

If any credit attaches for the occupation of Fort Anderson, after its evacuation, it is perhaps due to those under my command to say that the skirmishers of my brigade were among the first, if not the first, to enter the fort and that the garrison flag, which was a very fine one, and had been left by the enemy in their hasty retreat was captured by one of the soldiers of the One hundred and fortieth Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry, and was sent by Colonel Brady, commanding the regiment, to Governor Morton of that State.

The officers and men of my command are generally entitled to great credit for patient endurance of the hardships and exposures to which they were subject, and for the energetic, faithful manner in which they discharged their respective duties during the campaign. It is sufficient to say that every duty required at their hands was cheerfully and promptly performed.

I append herewith a list of casualties in the brigade. *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. HENDERSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major THEODORE COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-third Army Corps.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 man killed and 5 men wounded.

---------------

