
force between Upham's brigade, which had relieved Claassen's on the preceding day, and the remvision, they making their appearance there almost simultaneously with the reception of a report by him from the cavalry that their post was driven away from the upper Trent crossing. The distance from Upham's brigade to the upper Trent road being two miles and to the Wilmington road being four miles and a half, the conclusion cannot be avoided that the duty assigned the cavalry on that road had been grossly neglected, as obedience to orders before given could not have failed to result in such early notice of the movement as to have given abundant opportunity either for the withdrawal of Upham's brigade or for supporting it with the remainder of Carter's division. General Carter was at once ordered to reopen communication with Upham if possible, and concentrate his division. General Palmer was ordered to move one brigade rapidly to the left to assist General Carter and with the rest to make a vigorous demonstration of crossing the creek in front. General Ruger was ordered to move two brigades of his division to Wise's Forks with speed, and with the general commanding the department I rode rapidly to the scene of action in front of Wise's Forks.

At the same time General Palmer reported the enemy as having driven his pickets from the creek and to have crossed upon a foot bridge hastily constructed by them, showing considerable force. It being apparent that a much larger force than one division was engaging us, and General Carter reporting that he was unable to reopen connection with Colonel Upham, he and General Palmer were directed to strengthen their position as rapidly as possible, on the favorable line from Wise's Forks to the railroad, and Ruger was directed as soon as he should arrive to form in the space between the two other divisions. Meanwhile, as General Carter's left rested upon difficult swampy ground, a portion of the cavalry were ordered into the center to check the enemy's advance there until General Ruger should reach the front. The tangled nature of the ground enabled us to retard the enemy's advance so that it was nearly 1 o'clock before he was within musket-range from the line of breast-works constructed by our troops. By this time Ruger's division (a subsequent order to that before mentioned having directed him to bring his whole division excepting one regiment) had come up and filled the interval between Carter and Palmer, and promptly checked the advance of the enemy. Colonel Upham, with one of the regiments of his brigade and one piece of Artillery, reached the main line. The other regiment (Fifteenth Connecticut) was broken and nearly all captured. One piece of Artillery was lost, the horses being all killed, and the piece therefore abandoned. The regiment, which has broken, was largely composed of new recruits, and being surprised could not be rallied or handled. Prisoners which were captured and negroes who came within our lines reported that Hoke and been re-enforced by a portion of the Army of Tennessee, formerly under Hood, and that the rebel force was commanded in person by General Bragg. The enemy continued to make attempts to drive us from the position held, but the ground being favorable and the breast-works being rapidly strengthened they were easily held at bay. The demonstration on General Palmer's front was not serious, and toward evening the rebel line apparently extended diagonally across our left, covering both the Dover road and the British road, both of which were safe lines of retreat for them, the bridges being repaired.

63 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

