
During the 9th a continued warm skirmish was kept up by the enemy, but no serious attack was made. A report of a force threatening to turn the right of General Palmer, by the Neuse road, induced me to send Thomas' brigade, of Ruger's division, to support that flank, but the enemy's movement proved to be in no great force, and our outposts and patrols on the Neuse road were re-established without difficulty.

Apprehending a new attack on the left, and being now well assured by positive information that Lee's, and Stewart's corps of the rebel Army, as well as the force under Hoke, was in our front, I ordered the line of breast-works to be well extended to the left, and they were accordingly extended by General Carter even beyond and across the lower Trent road. I also ordered abatis and entanglements of felled timber to he made along the whole line, and directed General Ruger to put one brigade of his division in reserve, thinking out the others so as to hold his whole line. The cavalry was ordered to picket the country beyond the left to the upper Trent road, and an infantry skirmish line was also extended beyond that flank. Late in the evening one regiment of Ruger's division was put in position in rear of the extreme left, near the Dover road. No attack occurred, however, until half an hour before noon of the 10th, when a vigorous assault was made upon the extreme left of our line, the advance of the enemy being resolute and determined. McQuiston's brigade, of Ruger's division, was ordered on the double-quick to the left of General Carter's line; Thomas' brigade, of the same division, was ordered back from General Palmer, and several battalions were brought from the right to be used as reserve at the center and left. The assault on the left was made by Hoke's division, and extended from General Carter's center somewhat beyond his left. McQuiston's brigade was pushed beyond the lines and ordered to attack the enemy in flank, which it did very handsomely. At the same time the batteries of both Ruger's and Carter's divisions were concentrated to bear upon the enemy, and opened with rapidity and good effect. The engagement at this point continued about an hour, when the enemy gave way in confusion and left the field, hotly pursued by McQuiston's brigade, the rest of the command being ordered to remain in the breast-works. Hardly was this attack repulsed when the enemy attacked General Ruer's front, the line of attack extending to the right brigade of Carter's division and partly upon the left brigade of Palmer's. His attack was made with portions of Lee's and Stewart's corps, but was less vigorous than that upon the left.

McQuiston's brigade was at once recalled and all the reserves moved rapidly to the center, where Ruger's breast-works were held by a single rank. The Artillery of both divisions was again concentrated on Ruger's front. The enemy was again repulsed and though there were several partial renewals of the attack the position was easily held, these later efforts having Little vigor or persistence on the part of the enemy. The attack upon the center, by necessitating the withdrawal of McQuiston's brigade from the pursuit on the left, prevented our capturing as many prisoners as we might otherwise have taken, 266 being the total number which fell into our hands. The same cause enabled them to move most of their dead and wounded, though about 100 dead were left by them on the field. The commanding general of the department, who had returned to New Berne on the evening of the 8th, arrived on the field during the attack on the center and was with us in person during the remainder of the day. During the night the

