
at the railroad crossing at the British road, the right extending down the British road toward the Neuse road, and connecting with Claassen's brigade on the extreme right. Infantry pickets were well thrown out to the right and up toward Southwest Creek, both on the Neuse road and the railroad, covering all approaches from those directions. The cavalry after furnishing the necessary vedettes were actively engaged in scouting the various roads in front. The two batteries of the division were placed in a position to command the railroad and the approaches to the right. The Third Brigade formed on the left of the First in a line nearly to Southwest Creek, the left connected with the right of General Carter's division. The Second Brigade about 4 o'clock in the afternoon of the 7th moved from Wise's Forks and formed on the right of the First Brigade. The picket-line in front of the division was continuous and connected with that of General Carter.

About 10 o'clock on the morning of the 8th instant the enemy attacked our pickets on the Trent road, on the right of the railroad, and also the extreme right resting on the Neuse road. The attack was heavy and our line thin, and for this reason the force was concentrated on the British road. Shortly after heavy and continuous firing was heard in the direction of Wise's Forks. The division was immediately under arms. As soon as the disaster occurred to Upham's brigade, of General Carter's division, a regiment of General Harland's brigade was sent to report to Colonel Boughton. This regiment he placed on the left of his brigade. The brigade of Colonel Claassen, by direction of General Cox, moved down the neighborhood road toward Jackson's Mills, but after proceeding a short distance encountered the enemy moving in force down the Dover road. Colonel Claassen fell back slowly toward the British road, and had hardly got into position when he was attacked. After a brisk fight the advance of the enemy was checked. All this time earth-works rapidly being thrown up along the whole line, and in a few the division was strongly intrenched. The Artillery was distributed at the most favorable points along the line. At the railroad crossing of the British road two rifled pieces were run in battery, masked, pointing up the railroad toward the enemy's battery on the railroad at Southwest Creek. Throughout the day, on the left of the railroad, shots were frequently exchanged with the enemy's batteries with excellent effect. Well-directed shots were thrown into the enemy's infantry as opportunity afforded. The enemy's batteries frequently throughout the day dropped shells about General Harland's brigade, evidently intending to develop our right. As orders were given to return the fire they did not succeed. There was constant picket-firing throughout the day and the greater part of the night, occasionally quite heavy, resulting in very Little damage to us. In the morning both our picket-line and main line were strongly intrenched. During the day the One hundred and seventy-eighth Ohio Volunteers and Twenty-eighth Michigan Volunteers, under command of Brigadier-General Thomas, reported to me for duty. One regiment was sent to the extreme right, occupying the Neuse road, fully protecting that flank. The other regiment was placed on the right of the First Brigade.

At daylight of the 9th Colonel Boughton reported a small force of the enemy moving around to my right toward the Neuse road, but my cavalry scouts found nothing; no skirmishers could be seen on my right of the railroad and on the left of the railroad in front of Colonel Boughton their skirmishers had retired some distance and Boughton

