
had advanced. Every precaution was taken to prevent the enemy turning the right of my position. During the day, with the exception of some slight skirmishing on my left, the enemy did not disturb us. At noon on the 10th orders were received from the Major-general commanding to send at least a regiment to the extreme left, where the enemy had made a heavy attack. This was promptly complied with. At 12. 30 o'clock another order was received, directing a brigade to be sent to Wise's Forks. One large regiment of General Harland's brigade and a regiment of General Thomas' brigade were sent at once. This left my force on the right quite small, but it was kept well in hand and prepared for anything. The regiment first sent to the extreme left had hardly resumed its old position in Colonel Claassen's line when the enemy made a heavy demonstration on my left, but were repulsed with small loss to us. Toward evening the enemy gained possession of a portion of Claassen's skirmish line, but it was speedily regained. At night our remained intact. Nothing of importance occurred during the night. During the evening and the next morning my troops returned from the left and the remaining regiment of General Thomas' brigade was sent to report to the proper officer.

Inclosed herewith are the reports of the brigade commanders and list of casualties.

During these operations the conduct of the officers and men of the division was all that could be desired. Brigadier-General Harland, Colonel Claassen, and Colonel Boughton, commanding brigades, were watchful and attentive, and the officers and men of their commands performed their works promptly and gallantly.

To the officers of my staff - Lieutenant-Colonel Strong, assistant inspector-general; Captain Judson, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Fish, ordnance officer, and Lieutenants Goodrich and Ketcham, aides-de-camp - I am indebted for valuable assistance.

To Surgeon Rice, chief medical officer of the division, just praise is due for the prompt measures taken for the care of the wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

Major THEODORE COX,

Asst. Adjt. General, Provisional Corps, Army of the Ohio,

Late Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Beaufort.

[Inclosure.]

List of casualties in the First Division of Beaufort, from March 2 to March 11, 1865, including the battle of Kinston.

Killed. Wounded.

Command. 	 Officers.	 Men. 	 Officers.	 Men.

First Brigade	 ---	 13	 3	 53

Second Brigade	 ---	 3	 2	 19

Third Brigade	 ---	 2	 ---	 5

Total	 ---	 18	 5 	 77

Missing. Aggregate.

Command. 	 Officers.	 Men. 	 Officers.	 Men.

First Brigade	 1	 21	 4	 87

Second Brigade	 ---	 4	 2	 26

Third Brigade	 ---	 2 	 ---	 9

Total	 1	 27	 6	 122

