
2 p. m. had driven the enemy across Southwest Creek and into their works on the west side of the creek. The enemy discovered a very strong work, about 100 yards from the creek, mounting two guns, from which they opened fire upon our advance, and which proved to be a 3-inch rifled piece and a 12-pounder smooth-bore. I sent one section of Captain Mercer's battery up the railroad to a point about halfway between the British and Trent roads to endeavor, if possible, to silence the enemy's guns. Making apparently no impression upon them, I withdrew the section, and shortly after I sent another section by a road through the woods to the right of the railroad, which joined the Trent road near where the Trent road crossed the railroad. This section was placed in position at this point and succeeded, with the assistance of Colonel Stewart's skirmishers, in silencing the guns of the enemy. The Twenty-third Massachusetts Volunteers, under Lieutenant-Colonel Raymond, furnished the support for this section. The Second Massachusetts, Lieutenant-Colonel Sprague commanding, was thrown out on the left to a point just beyond the junction of the Trent and British roads. About 6 p. m. I received an order from General Palmer, commanding division, to place my brigade on the right of the railroad and to instruct Colonel Boughton, commanding Second [Third] Brigade, to occupy to the left of the railroad, his right connecting with my left. I then withdrew Lieutenant-Colonel Sprague's regiment and sent him down the British road to picket the extreme right. Lieutenant-Colonel Raymond, commanding Twenty-third Massachusetts, was sent to the Trent road on the right of the railroad, with instructions to throw out his pickets so that his right would connect with Lieutenant-Colonel Sprague's pickets and his left with those of Colonel Stewart, whose pickets occupied the position which his skirmishers had maintained during the latter part of the day. Colonel Stewart's reserve was a short distance in front of the Trent road. The section of Mercer's battery was withdrawn from the Trent road after dark.

Everything remained quiet during the night. In the morning Colonel Stewart was relieved by a portion of Colonel Claassen's brigade, and was placed in reserve, with his left resting on the railroad just in rear of the British road. About 10 o'clock in the morning the enemy attacked our pickets on the Trent road, where Lieutenant-Colonel Raymond was stationed, and also Lieutenant-Colonel Sprague's extreme right, which rested on the Neuse road. The line held by the brigade was so long and necessarily so weak and the enemy showed so considerable a force both in my front and on my left, that I deemed it prudent to have my force more concentrated and more in hand. I accordingly ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Raymond, of the Twenty-third Massachusetts Volunteers, to withdraw his regiment from the Trent road to the British road. On his arrival he was placed in position on the right of Colonel Stewart. At the same time I withdrew that portion of Colonel Claassens' brigade that relieved Colonel Stewart that morning, and sent them to report to Colonel Claassen. I also directed Lieutenant-Colonel Sprague to fall back to the British road to a point near the railroad intending to place him on the right of Lieutenant-Colonel Raymond's regiment. Before he arrived, however, I was directed to send his regiment to report to Colonel Boughton, which I did. Lieutenant-Colonel Sprague remained with Colonel Boughton until after the close of the battle. Colonel Stewart and Lieutenant-Colonel Raymond immediately threw up strong defensive works on the crest of the hill in their respective fronts. This position was held by the brigade during the rest of the battle.

