
On the afternoon of Friday, the 10th, I sent, by the order of General Palmer, Colonel Stewart's regiment to report to Major-General Cox on the left of the line. The regiment returned that same day. On the morning of the 11th instant I pushed my pickets up to and cross Southwest Creek. They reported the works of the enemy abandoned.

The reports of the regimental commanders and that of Captain Mercer are herewith forwarded; also a list of casualties in the brigade.

To Colonel Stewart, Lieutenant-Colonel Sprague, Lieutenant-Colonel Raymond, and Captain Mercer I desire to express my obligations for their prompt and cheerful co-operation.

The various members of my staff - Captain Parker, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Arms, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Hyde, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Hillman, acting assistant quartermaster, and Lieutenant Pierce, acting commissary of subsistence - rendered valuable assistance.

To Lieutenant-Colonel Burnham, of the Sixteenth Connecticut Volunteers, who was acting as assistant inspector-general, I am under especial obligations. During the whole of Tuesday, the 7th instant, he was the only staff present, and his services were invaluable.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. HARLAND,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. A. JUDSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, District of Beaufort.

No. 261. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John W. Raymond, Twenty-third Massachusetts Infantry, of operations March 3 - 9.

CAMP TWENTY-THIRD MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS, In the Field, N. C., March 16, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of this regiment from the 3rd to the 9th instant:

In accordance with orders from brigade headquarters the regiment left Camp Chambers, near New Berne, N. C., on the 3rd instant, and marched by way of railroad to Batchelder's Creek and encamped for the night. On the morning of the 4th left the railroad at Batchelder's Creek and marched by way of Neuse road to within about two miles of Core Creek. Next morning move dup to Core Creek and encamped. Left Core Creek next morning and marched to Gum Swamp by way of railroad. On the 7th instant moved up the railroad to the crossing of the British road. While here sent four companies to support a section of Artillery which engaged the enemy. About 2 p. m., in accordance with orders, the regiment moved up the Trent road to a point near Southwest Creek, met the enemy's skirmishers and drove them behind their intrenchments across the creek and established a picket-line connecting on the left with the Ninth new Jersey. On the morning of the 8th the enemy charged our picket-line and forced in back on the reserve. We held this position until about 2 p. m. ; then, in accordance with orders, fell back to the crossing of the British road.

Our loss in the engagement was as follows: 6 men killed, 1 officer and 18 men wounded, and 2 missing; total, 1 officer and 26 men.

JOHN W. RAYMOND,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twenty-third Massachusetts Volunteers.

Captain J. D. PARKER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., Dist. of Beaufort, N. C.

