
firing from the skirmishers on both sides, and the weather was quite stormy. During the night the picket-firing was very heavy indeed, and the officer in charge of the skirmish line reported to me that quite a force of the enemy, apparently a regiment, came down as far as the enemy's skirmish line, as if to make an assault upon the works, but retired.

During the 10th instant there was very heavy skirmishing along the whole line of works, particularly while the assault was being made by the enemy upon the left of the line. This ceased, however, about dark, and all was quiet during the night along my front. The next morning, the 11th instant, the officer in charge of my skirmish line reported that the enemy's skirmishers had disappeared. I therefore sent out a party and had a reconnaissance made as far as the rebel works in the woods in front of my line, which were found to have been abandoned by the enemy.

Very respectfully, yours,

A. B. R. SPRAGUE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. D. PARKER, JR.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., Dist of Beaufort.

No. 263. Report of Colonel Peter J. Claassen, One hundred and thirty-second New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations March 2-10.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, In the Field, N. C., March 13, 1865.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith report of Second Brigade, First Division, District of Beaufort, from leaving New Berne, N. C., March 2, 1865; to and inclusive of the battle of Kinston, N. C., March 10, 1865, with list of casualties attached.

I have the honor to be, general very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. J. CLAASSEN,

Colonel 123rd New York Regiment, Commanding Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., DIST. OF BEAUFORT, Before Kinston, March 13, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular dated March 12, 1864, I have the honor to report the doings of my brigade, and parts of it, as well as other forces under my command:

At 11 p. m. March 1 I received a telegram from General Palmer directing me to advance to Core Creek railroad crossing; at 2 a. m. March 2 Captain Thomas B. Green, One hundred and thirty-second New York Infantry, left camp at Batchelder's Creek with Companies D, K, C, and E, up the railroad, occupying the position desired at 7 a. m. The other companies of the One hundred and thirty-second New York Infantry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Hitchcock, with wagons, &amp;c., took up the march at 4 a. m. March 2, taking the Dover road, arriving at Core Creek railroad at 11 a. m., myself leaving camp at daybreak with

