
Company B, of the Twelfth Cavalry. The line of outposts of New Berne, N. C., at Batchelder's Creek were held intact, besides occupying all the approaches of Core Creek. At this latter point I was honored with the command of a brigade, composed of the One hundred and thirty-second New York Infantry, and the Second Brigade of General Meagher's provisional division (infantry), and Battery D, Third New York Artillery. At 7 p. m. March 5 I again directed Captain Thomas B. Green, with Companies D, C, E, and K, to march up the railroad from Core Creek to Gum Swamp, taking possession of and holding the enemy's works at that point, which was done. At precisely 7 a. m. March 6 I marched the balance of the One hundred and thirty-second New York Infantry up the railroad, joining Captain Green at 11 a. m. same day, trains and Artillery moving up the Dover road to this point, leaving my Second Regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Curtis, as directed, to repair the roads, &amp;c. At Gum Swamps a rest was ordered, after establishing strong pickets covering all the approaches from the enemy.

Shortly afterward General Palmer and staff arrived, under whose direction Captain Graham's howitzer battery and the One hundred and thirty-second New York Infantry, both under my command, started about 2. 30 p. m. March 6, 1865, toward Wise's Forks, at a point called Tracy's Swamp. My command met the enemy in a pretty strong position at the point where the Dover road crosses the railroad. Captain Graham, however, with his howitzers, aided by two companies of the One hundred and thirty-second New York Infantry, under Captain Green, drove the enemy from position to position, until finally Wise's Forks was reached at about 4. 30 p. m. March 6. I saw at the head of the Dover road that the enemy's skirmishers fell back very regularly and steadily, indicative to me that he had reserve force either at or this side of Southwest Creek. Feeling my way carefully with a strong skirmish line, and well supported as far forward Southwest Creek, to cover the road running to the enemy's right, where I posted 300 men on constant duty, sending at the same time 100 men down the British road to cover the enemy left approach; also 100 men down the Trent road, covering an approach through the woods, should he find the direct road guarded. These points I covered under my personal direction in order to enable me to report to General Palmer that I held Wise's Forks, making all the dispositions in case of an attack to fall back, if necessary, toward Gum Swamp. Not knowing how far our force had gone up the railroad, I sent a small force down the Dover road to watch the enemy at the "steam mill. " During the night the enemy felt of me at all points, but finding that every approach was strongly guarded, he, not knowing what force I had at Wise's Forks, no doubt concluded not to molest me.

At about 2 p. m. March 7 General Palmer ordered a reconnaissance toward Southwest Creek, for which purpose Major Clarkson, Twelfth New York Cavalry, who had formed a junction with me at about 9 a. m. March 7, by the Trent road, with his battalion, four companies of the One hundred and thirty-second New York, under Captain Green, and one section of my battery, the whole under the immediate command of Major Clarkson, made said reconnaissance, developing the fact that the enemy were in force. I followed the reconnaissance in order to direct any re-enforcements if needed, returning to Wise's Forks about 4 p. m., when I was ordered to take my brigade on the British road about half a mile north of the railroad, where my brigade encamped for the night as a reserve. March 8, at 12 m., heavy musketry

