
firing was heard on the left toward Wise's Forks, and my brigade, with the exception of Companies E and I, of the One hundred and thirty-second New York, and 200 men of Lieutenant-Colonel Curtis' command, who were on picket duty on the railroad, were at once ordered under arms, and by direction of Brigadier-General Harland, took position in line of battle on the right of the railroad. At 1 p. m., at the request of Major-General Cox, my brigade, with the exception of my battery and companies on picket, were moved out under the guidance of Captain Tracy, aide-de-camp, on the neighborhood road toward Jackson's Mill, but after proceeding half a mile encountered the enemy moving in force down the Dover road. A small force was sent out by Captain Smith, of my staff, to observe the enemy on my right, it being evident that it was the purpose of the enemy to get in our rear, and to prevent this a retreat in good order was made toward the British road, which had been previously chosen by all the other forces as the line of defense. My brigade was only partially established on this line when the enemy appeared opposite and attacked with Artillery and infantry, but was repulsed after a British fight, during which my battery, which rejoined us here, lost three horses killed. We were also joined at this point by the companies which had been on picket, and the position was maintained until night, when my command was moved farther to the left, on the prolongation of the same line. Earth-works were thrown up and a line of skirmishers advanced in conjunction with the brigade on my left.

March 9, the position of my brigade was unchanged. Nothing of much importance occurred except occasional brisk firing on the skirmish line. March 10, at about noon a sudden attack was made by the enemy in the direction of Wise's Forks, and the brigade on my left, as well as Lieutenant-Colonel Curtiss' command, of my brigade, on my right, were drawn off to re-enforce that point, leaving the One hundred and thirty-second New York to defend the entire line held heretofore by these troops. The command of Lieutenant-Colonel Curtiss' was absent an hour, and had scarcely returned to their old position when the enemy made a heavy demonstration on our immediate front, but were repulsed by the aid of the Fifth Illinois Independent Battery, and did not succeed in the first attack in driving in our skirmish lie. The fire of the enemy's sharpshooters was very annoying and destruction in this engagement, and resulted in numerous casualties to the men of my command. Toward evening the enemy gained possession of a portion of our skirmish line, but the line was re-enforced by fifty men from the One hundred and thirty-second New York, and speedily regained under the protection of our Artillery fire.

In closing this report I desire to bear testimony to the universal gallantry and good conduct displayed by my command.

Statement of casualties herewith appended. Ordnance collected was turned over to division ordnance officer. Prisoners were sent to division headquarters.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. J. CLAASSEN,

Colonel 132nd New York, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

