
List of casualties in the Second Brigade, First Division, District of Beaufort, from leaving Batchelder's Creek, and including the battle of Kinston.

Killed. Wounded.

Troops. 	 Officers.	 Men. 	 Officers.	 Men.

132nd New York	 ---	 1	 a 2	 17

2nd Regiment	 ---	 2	 ---	 2

Artillery	 ---	 ---	 ---	 ---

Total	 ---	 3	 2	 19

Missing. Aggregate.

Troops. 	 Officers.	 Men. 	 Officers.	 Men.

132nd New York	 ---	 4 	 2	 22

2nd Regiment	 ---	 ---	 ---	 4

Artillery	 ---	 ---	 ---	 ---

Total 	 ---	 4	 2	 26

a Lieutenant Haring and Gearing wounded and sent to hospital at New Berne, N. C.

P. J. CLAASSEN,

Colonel 132nd New York, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,In the Field, March 13, 1865.

No. 264. Report of Colonel Horace Boughton, One hundred and forty-third New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations March 4-10.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., DIST. OF BEAUFORT, In the Field, near Southwest Creek, N. C., March 13, 1865.

In compliance with a circular from headquarters First Division, District of Beaufort, issued yesterday, I have the honor to report as follows:

On the morning of the 4th instant, at 9 o'clock my brigade, consisting of the Eightieth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, and the First and Second Battalions of the late Provisional Division, Army of the Tennessee, moved from its camp at New Berne, N. C., marching in the direction of Kinston on the railroad track. At sunset it bivouacked about one mile east of Core Creek, and early in the morning of the 5th marched forward to Core Creek where the remainder of the division was encamped. I encamped on the south side of and near the railroad immediately joining the Second (Colonel Claassen's) Brigade. At 9 a. m. of the 6th we were again under way still following the railroad, and in rear of General Harlands' brigade. After a march of about six miles we encamped at Gum Swamp and remained until the following morning at 9 o'clock. I was ordered forward to a position on Southwest Creek at the crossing of the railroad. The enemy was however found to be in position at the point designated. As he appeared to be in force and supported by Artillery it was deemed impracticable to attempt to carry the position, and my brigade was formed by orders of General Palmer in the following order: Eighteenth Wisconsin on the right, First Battalion in the center, and the Second Battalion on the left, on the south side of the railroad at the British road crossing. My right rested about 100 yards from the railroad and my line was formed perpendicular to it and about one mile from Southwest Creek, the left connecting with Colonel Upham's brigade, of General Carter's division, and the right with General Harland's brigade.

All remained quiet, with the exception of an occasional shot on the picket-line, until about 11. 30 a. m. of the following day (the 8th instant),

