
when the enemy made a sudden and unexpected attack on Colonel Upham's brigade, capturing the greater portion of it and completely dispersing the remainder. Perceiving by the direction of the firing that the enemy was getting in the rear of my left, I ordered that it be so refused as to cross the British road and directed that a temporary barricade be constructed of rails, which was speedily done. I was informed that Colonel Claassen's brigade would be placed on my left as support; it, however, marched to the front of my works and took position in the woods. Shortly after Colonel Claassen's brigade entered the woods, a portion of the Second Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, numbering about 500 men, reported to me and were placed in position on my left, prolonging the line already established by Major Stimming's battalion. While it was getting into position Colonel Claassen's brigade, which had come in contact with the enemy in front, retired from the woods and were closely followed by the advancing rebels. It formed on the left of the Second Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, with the exception of Colonel Curtiss' battalion, which filled an opening had been left the right of the Second Massachusetts and the left of Major Stimming's battalion. Before it was in position the rebel line appeared in the edge of the woods within 400 yards on my front and in plain sight. They were elated by their success and evidently intended to charge my line, but not liking the appearance of the works I had so hastily constructed returned without making the attack. At this time I should have opened with musketry had I not known that the supply of ammunition was limited. Two sections of Artillery from Battery C, Third New York Artillery, having reported, I placed one in position on the British road and the other near the right of my line, covering the open field in front.

ordered a few shots from the section from the section which had been placed on the road to open on the enemy, who appeared to be getting into position in the woods in my front. They were promptly replied to by a rebel battery in my immediate front with such effect as to speedily silence the section which was opposing it. I directed that the section on the right of my line open upon it. At the same time a section on Colonel Claassen's line opened, and the section which had been on the road in my line, having been moved about thirty yards to the right, again opened. I hoped that all these pieces would be able to silence the rebel battery, but was disappointed. It was shortly after reported that but one of the six pieces could be served, and I directed that it cease firing. This was nearly 5 p. m. The rebel battery ceased about the same time and all remained quiet with the exception of picket-firing. I was directed to send out a reconnoitering party to ascertain if possible where the left of the enemy rested. I sent Captain Moore with thirty men, who procured the information desired, and returned, having lost 1 man killed and 1 wounded. In the evening Colonel Curtiss' battalion of Colonel Claassen's brigade was taken from my line and the interval was filled by an extension of my line. As the works and on my right had been enfiladed by the fire of the enemy I determined to construct a new line, which was commenced immediately after dark and rendered quite defensible before morning. This was done without intrenching tools, but with shovels made from boards for the occasion. Nothing but skirmishing occurred on the 8th [9th]. In the evening, however, it became brisk and continued at intervals all night, with very Little effect. A few shots from the Artillery on the right of my line, which were well directed, had the effect to quiet from for a short time.

