
On the morning of the 9th [10th] heavy firing was heard on the left, which gradually approached the right but did not reach my line. During the night of the 9th [10th] and 10th [11th] the enemy disappeared from my front, and soon after daylight my skirmishers were ordered to advance, and found no enemy on this side of the creek, he having completely evacuated his position during the night.

In closing this I must express my perfect satisfaction with the conduct of both the officers and men under my command. They were prompt, willing, and effective in the execution of all my orders. All were obliged to be on the alert both night and day, and appeared to appreciate the necessity of promptly responding to every demand that was made for their assistance.

The losses in my brigade proper were 2 killed, 2 missing, and 5 wounded. I have not received the reports of casualties in the Second Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, nor those in the batteries which were temporarily assigd. *

Very respectfully submitted.

HORACE BOUGHTON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 265. Report of Brigadier General Samuel P. Carter, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations March 7 - 10.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT, In the Field, Kinston, N. C., March 18, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and operations of this division from the 7th instant to the battle of Kinston on the 10th:

On the 7th instant the command moved from Gum Swamp (where it had encamped the preceding night) toward Wise's Forks. By direction of the Major-general commanding the district the Second Brigade (Colonel Upham) moved down the British road, from the point where it enters the Trent road, and relieved the Second Brigade, First Division, which held the east bank of Southeast Creek near Jackson's Mill. This point is about two miles west of Wise's Forks, on the Dover road. The brigade was directed to guard the British road, south of the Dover road, and the country between it and Southwest Creek, by having strong picket from left of the skirmish line, in the direction of, and if possible extending to, the British road. One section of Battery I, third New York Light Artillery, was ordered to report to Colonel Upham, to aid him maintaining his position. He was directed to advance his skirmishers as close to Southwest Creek as possible, and throw up rifle-pits for their protection, their right to connect with the left of the skirmishers of the First Division. A detachment of Twelfth New York Cavalry was sent by the Major-general commanding to scout commanding to scout the country well to the left of Colonel Upham's command and to protect that flank. The rebels occupied the west bank of Southwest Creek at Jackson's Mill, and had several guns planted, in strong earth-works, a Little to the rear of the defenses in which their infantry was placed. Their force was not thought to be

---------------

*But see p. 61.

---------------

63 R R-VOL XLVII, PT I

