
large, and only an inconsiderable number showed themselves. The First Brigade (Colonel Malloy) was placed in position some 200 yards west of Wise's Forks with their left resting on the Dover road at right angles to it. The Third Brigade (Lieutenant-Colonel Splaine) was on the south side of same road nearly in line with the First Brigade. Both commands commenced at once to throw up defensive works in their front and on their flanks. The night of the 7th passed quietly.

On the morning of the 8th Colonel Upham reported that during the night he had advanced his skirmish line to within a short distance of the creek, and that the men were well protected by rifle-pits. there was some Artillery firing, principally by the rebels, but only an occasional shot from the skirmish line. In the forenoon I rode up the Dover road and examined a portion of Colonel Upham's line, and had from him a statement that the orders of preceding day had been carried out. While there I received a note from Major Clarkson, Twelfth New York Cavalry, advising me that negroes reported some 2,000 rebels and passed down the Trent road early that morning. I showed the note to Colonel Upham and advised the Major-general commanding of the fact. I sent at once to headquarters and ordered 200 men of Seventeenth Massachusetts Infantry to be moved up to strengthen the post at intersection of British and Dover roads. After advising Colonel Upham to use great vigilance and directing the picket at intersection of British and Dover roads to throw up works for their protection, I started on my return to Wise's Forks. Just before reaching that point I was overtaken by Major West, of Twelfth New York Cavalry, who reported his pickets were being driven in at the bridge. Immediately on reaching headquarters a note was dispatched to Colonel Upham advising him of the fact, but as the orderly has not returned it is supported he was captured. The Eighty-fifth New York Infantry (Captain King) was hurried up the Dover road to report to him with instructions to be ready for immediate action, as the rebels were reported moving in direction of road on which he was marching. Soon afterward a staff officer of Colonel Upham rode up and reported that their brigade been attacked, and nearly the whole of it killed, wounded, or captured, and one gun, Battery I, Third New York Light Artillery, lost. I at once started up the Dover road to learn for myself the true state of affairs. When near the intersection of British and Dover roads I came in sight of the abandoned gun, which had been retaken by the detachment from Seventeenth Massachusetts Infantry, but before they could cut the traces of the dead horses, by which it was encumbered, they were attacked in such heavy force that they were forced back in direction of Wise's Forks. After failing back a short distance they were reformed on each side of the road, a line of skirmishers advanced, and a portion of our lost ground regained. The Eighty-fifth New York Infantry failed to form a junction with Colonel Upham, and returned through the woods with small loss. A strong line of skirmishes was, in the meantime, thrown out well in our front, connecting on our right with those of First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and extending to our left across the Trent road. By these, and the appearance of the troops of the Twenty-third Army Corps, the enemy's advance was checked. During afternoon and night of 8th nothing beyond occasional skirmish firing took place.

The 9th was employed in extending and strengthening our works. The enemy at one time drove our skirmishers from their advance rifle-pits, but they were soon afterward retaken. The works of my left were

