
carried, with the approval of the Major-general commanding, east of the Trent road, and were providentially so formed as to aid materially in repulsing the rebel attack on the following day. Troops from Colonel Malloy's brigade, under Captain Howard, were assigned to the defense of this extension of our lines. The One hundred and seventy-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry (Colonel Jones) was placed in the line of this division to fill the gap between the left of the Third Brigade and the Trent road. About noon of the 10th the left of our skirmish line was driven in by the enemy, who advanced in strong force (understood to be Hoke's division) up the Trent road and attacked our let with vigor. In less than an hour they were repulsed and driven back with loss and in confusion. Soon afterward an attack was made by the enemy on our right, but was easily repulsed. Between 200 and 300 prisoners were captured in front of the lines of this division, including that part which was occupied by the One hundred and seventy-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. When the skirmishers were advanced, early on the morning of the 11th, it was found that the rebels had retreated during the night toward Kinston.

While my thanks are due to all the officers of my command for the gallant manner in which they performed their duty during the attack and repulse of the enemy, I desire to make particular mention of Colonel Malloy, of Seventeenth Wisconsin Infantry, commanding First Brigade, and Lieutenant-Colonel Splaine, Seventeenth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Third Brigade. They were cool, energetic, and prompt in the performance of their whole duty. It is hoped that they may be suitably reward for the valuable services they rendered in securing to our arms a decisive victory. Captain William Howard, Fifty-third Indiana Infantry, was in command of the troops of First Brigade, who occupied the work on our extreme left. From its position his men had an oblique and partially enfilading fire on the right flank of the rebels, which contributed no Little to their speedy repulse. I desire to express my commendation of the captain's gallantry.

I also bear willing testimony to the coolness and efficiency of Colonel Jones, One hundred and seventy-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, his offices and men, during the whole engagement of the 10th. Battery G and three guns of Battery I, Third New York Light Artillery, were well served and did good execution under the direction of Captain Kelsey, acting chief of Artillery.

To the member of my staff - Major Gratz, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain Thomas, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Devine, acting aide-de-camp; Captain Bivin, acting ordnance officer, and Lieutenant Bell, aide-de-camp - my thanks due for the prompt and satisfactory manner in which they performed the several duties assigned them. The arrangements of Doctor Mulford, surgeon-in-chief, for the care of the wounded were all that could be expected.

I inclose reports of brigade commanders with list of casualties,* and respectfully call attention to the names of officers in their respective commands, whose good conduct is mentioned.

Congratulating the Major-general commanding on this auspicious opening of the campaign, I am, Major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major THEODORE COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Beaufort.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 52.

---------------

