
general of the brigade; Captain Charles H. Haskin, Thirteenth Iowa Volunteer Infantry, acting assistant inspector-general of the brigade; Major Carlos C. Cox, Fourteenth Illinois Volunteer Infantry; Captain William Howard, Fifty-third Indiana Volunteer Infantry, and Lieutenant Colonel D. D. Scott, Seventeenth Wisconsin Volunteer, Infantry.

Very respectfully,

A. G. MALLOY,

Colonel 17th Wisconsin Veteran Vol. Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain H. H. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

No. 267. Reports of Colonel Charles L. Upham, Fifteenth Connecticut Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations March 7-10.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., DIST. OF BEAUFORT, Wise's Forks, N. C., March 13, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following:

That on the 7th I was directed to proceed with my command to Jackson's Mill and relieve the portion of the Second Brigade, First Division, then there. I relieved them about 4 p. m. Soon after a section of Battery I, Third New York Light Artillery, reported to me and was placed in position commanding the bridge and the works beyond. Pickets were thrown out, connecting on the right with those of the First Division. Everything was very quiet during the night and the skirmish line was advanced to about 100 yards from the creek and intrenched. Much chopping was heard a Little on our right and apparently near the creek, which I reported to the general commanding. During the forenoon of the 8th, learning that a negro reported troops as having passed our left, I placed the Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers across the British road about 400 or 500 yards, from the Dover road, with both flank companies deployed as skirmishers; also, threw out more pickets to the left of the force directly at the creek. About noon, while brisk skirmishing was going on at the creek, the enemy made a sudden attack from the est side of the British road, and rapidly extending their right while advancing, in a few minutes had possession of the cross-roads. At the first volley I sent Lieutenant Rand to direct the Fifteenth Connecticut Volunteers to change front and order the section of Artillery to report to me at the British road. The section came up just before the enemy gained possession of the cross-roads, but passed on the run under a very hot musketry fire, and I have not seen the officer in command of it since. Simultaneously the enemy crossed the creek on our right, and driving the pickets nearly surrounded the entire brigade. In the affair of the 10th the brigade was not actively engaged.

List of casualties, as nearly as can be given, has been furnished to you. *

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,CHAS. L. UPHAM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain H. H. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Div., Dist. of Beaufort.

---------------

*See next, post.

---------------

