
engaged. Receiving information that a body of the enemy was moving upon a road on our left, I ordered the Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers into the woods to our left, forming across the British road, with skirmishers thrown out on both flanks. About noon the enemy made a sudden and impetuous attack upon the Twenty-seventh Massachusetts. Directing that the Second Battalion of the Fifteenth change front of meet it, and the Artillery to report to me at the crossing of the British road, I proceeded in that direction and found the enemy to have possession of that part of the field, and advancing rapidly gained the roads, thereby preventing communications with Lieutenant-Colonel Tolles and Major Osborne. At the same time the enemy advanced on our right and, cutting our picket line in two, almost completely surrounded our troops, who were soon compelled to surrender. The only officer escaping was Lieutenant Bowman, who, with a few men, ran the gauntlet of a hot fire to make their escape.

From an aide-de-camp of General Bragg, who was present on the 8th and afterward taken prisoners, I learn that the rear attack was made by Hoke's (rebel) division, 6,000 strong. No information was received by me to the approach of the enemy, dispatches of the general commanding having fallen into the hands of the (rebel) enemy.

I have to regret the loss of Captain Bassett. He was mortally wounded on the skirmish line just before the rear attack. He was a brave and faithful officer.

Not having been able to receive reports from commanding officers, I am unable to give a more complete report. Will forward such casualties as are known.

The regiment is at present on duty at this post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES L. UPHAM,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Brigadier General H. J. MORSE,

Adjutant-General, State of Connecticut.

No. 269. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Splaine, Seventeenth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations March 8-10.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., DIST. OF BEAUFORT, In the Field, near Kinston, N. C., March 13, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the actions with the enemy at and near this position during the three days ending March 10, 1865:

On the 8th instant Company D, Seventeenth Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Captain Lewis Cann, which had the previous night been stationed on the British road, in rear of Colonel Upham's brigade, was attacked by the enemy in force, and after making a stout though prudent resistance retired, having suffered a loss of 2 non-commissioned [officers] and 3 privates. Captain Cann, with much skill and prudence, conducted his company in safety to the right, joining the command of General Palmer, and next day reached his regiment. On the same day, about 10 a. m., while the enemy was advancing on the main Dover road, I received an order to send a battalion of 200 men to assist in checking the advance of the enemy. I accordingly sent Major William W. Smith, Seventeenth Massachusetts

