
JANUARY 25, 1865.- Expedition from Irish Bottom to Evans' Island. Tenn.

Report of Colonel John A. Shannon, First U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS FORAGING EXPEDITION,Irish Bottom, Tenn., January 28, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in accordance with instructions received from Major Smith, acting inspector-general, Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, I proceeded to Beaver Dam Bottom on the 25th instant, and did not find the cattle there. I then moved on down the river and did not find them until I got to Evans' Island, where the cattle were on the island, and the water and ice running in the river so bad that the men in charge could not get them off. I found Lieutenant Wiley M. Christian in command of the First Tennessee; he had three commissioned officers and eighty-six men. Upon ascertaining the fact that the cattle could not be moved immediately I sent to the Beaver Dam for Captain Murphy and his fifty men to come and take charge of the guard and cattle. Captain Murphy had two commissioned officers with him. I then left orders for Captain Murphy to bring the cattle up to the Beavor Dam as soon as practicable, and as he then had six commissioned officers and 136 men, I thought that that was a sufficient guard for 192 cattle (the number I found there), and I took the responsibility upon myself to order the cavalry to come on and report to Colonel Hawley, as ordered.

Lieutenant Christian accounts for the absence of his men in this way, i. e., that when he started from Knoxville he had to leave the sick there, bringing only sixty-eight men with him, but that they are getting better and are rejoining their command; he now has eighty-six men, and he knows of six that had started from Knoxville and would be there by this time. I apprehend, that if the present cold weather continues and the ice continues to run in the river as it now does, that the cattle cannot get off the island, and having consumed the forage there it will be exceedingly difficult for them to live.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. SHANNON,

Colonel, Commanding Foraging Expedition.

Captain W. W. DEANE,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 4th Div., 23rd Army Corps, Knoxville, Tenn.

JANUARY 27, 1865.-Skirmish at Elrod's Tan-yard, De Kalb County, Ala.

Report of Colonel Felix Prince Salm, Sixty-eighth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Bridgeport, Ala., January 31, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of an expedition fitted out at this post by permission of the major-general commanding:

The command left Bridgeport, Ala., on the 26th instant, at 3 p. m., on board the U. S. transport Bridgeport, and landed at Roman's Landing at 7.30 p. m. the same day.. The march was resumed immediately after coming ashore and continued until 3 a. m. 27th instant, when I

