
Grierson's cavalry, the whole under A. J. Smith, were left to occupy Middle and Southern Mississippi and Alabama. Steele's and Benton's commands were brought back and preparations commenced for operations west of the Mississippi. While these were progressing I was instructed by the lieutenant-general that the main expedition against the Trans-Mississippi Department would move from the Arkansas, and that I would co-operate with an expedition moving by water against Galveston. This was subsequently abandoned, and by direction from the same authority an expedition of 12,000 men was fitted out and sent under Steele to the Rio Grande. In the meantime proposals looking to the surrender of the Trans-Mississippi Army and Navy were made to me, and on the 26th of May the surrender was concluded by the convention of that date, Captain Greene, the senior officer, representing the U. S. Navy at the conference. Troops were immediately sent to occupy the surrendered territory, but before they had reached their destinations the rebel forces, with the exception of a few organizations, had passed beyond the control of their officers and dispersed to their homes, taking with them a large part of the property that had been surrendered.

In these operations, as well as during the whole period of my command in the Southwest, I was materially aided by the zealous and efficient co-operation of the naval forces of the West Gulf and Mississippi Squadrons, and a more effective acknowledgment than mine is due to Admiral Farragutt, Commander Palmer, Admiral Thatcher, successive commanders of the West Gulf, and Admirals Porter and Lee, of the Mississippi Squadron, and to their subordinates in both squadrons.

An important aid was also rendered by the powerful and effective cavalry raid of Major-General Wilson, which completely paralyzed rebel forces that would otherwise have re-enforced Mobile. I can add nothing to the well-earned reputation of Granger, Steele, Smith, and Grierson, except to say that the work committed to them was well done, and I adopt as my own the commendation bestowed by them upon their division, brigade, and other subordinate commanders. The same remarks apply to the engineer and artillery commands under Bailey and Hays, which, although sharing to a smaller extent in the most striking events of the campaign, contributed in full proportion to its results, and are fully entitled to share in whatever credit may be accorded to it.

The supply departments under their respective chiefs and subordinates were ably administered, and, under difficulties of season and climate that were without precedent for many years, accomplished all that was required of them. To Major-General Osterhaus, Brigadier Gens. G. L. Andrews, Totten, and Comstock, Lieutenant-Colonels Christensen, Wilson, Sawtelle, and Hinsdill, Major Clinton, Captains McAlester, Eaton, and Barrett, and their subordinates, of my immediate and personal staff, my thanks are particularly due. The reports of corps and other commanders and the returns and maps* are transmitted herewith.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

CHIEF OF STAFF, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,

Washington, D. C.

---------------

* See Plate CV, map 1; Plate CVII, maps 5, 7, and 8; Plate CVIII, maps 1-4; Plate CIX, maps 1-7, and Plate CX, map 1, of the Atlas.

---------------

