
ments are now organized into three battalions, and compose Duke's brigade. You will perceive on examination of the lists of staff officers at brigade headquarters, there are two brigade commissaries; viz, Majors Elliott and Morgan. The former is the one Generall Duke desires to retain. He has served a long time in this capacity with the brigade; has recently been exchanged and rejoined it. Major Morgan was assigned while Major Elliott was a prisoner. There is also serving with this command at brigade headquarters a Major Llewellyn. The grounds on which he bases his claim to be considered an officer of the quartermaster's department are as follows: "Major D. H. Llewellyn, quartermaster's department, appointed by General E. Kirby Smith, September, 1862. No order of appointment issued by General Smith. Assigned to duty with General Morgan's command by General Kirby Smith. No written order on the subject; merely a verbal understanding between General Smith and General Morgan. Bond as captain sent to Quartermaster-General by the hands of Colonel Grenfell, and receipt of it acknowledged by Colonel Myers, Quartermaster-General, and order sent by him on Lieutenant Colonel Albert Smith chief paymaster, for $400,000 funds about November, 1862. Has been acting as major in quartermaster's department since that time. Recently assigned as quartermaster First Kentucky Battalion by orders from War Department." This memorandum is made from data furnished by himself.

Attention is respectfully invited to the case of M. Barlow on same list, reported as lieutenant of ordnance and appointed as such by Brigadier-General Buford. This person I found previously at Wytheville, in inspecting that post, in charge of the saddle factory of Morgan's (now Duke's) command. He then represented himself as having been appointed lieutenant of ordnance by the War Department and stated he had left his letter of appointment in the hands of Colonel Gorgas, Chief of Ordnance, for safe-keeping. His report of his status was forwarded byt men from Wytheville. Is he not a civilian and liable to conscription? I called the attention of the enrolling officer at Wytheville to him, and he only awaits definite information before arresting him. His management of the saddle factory at Wytheville is now undergoing examination at that place. General Duke and Major Webber, commanding battalion, are desirous of having Eli Marks, acting regimental quartermaster of the Fourth Kentucky Battalion Cavalry, appointed in the department. He was appointed regimental quartermaster of the Second Kentucky Regiment by General Morgan, and has been acting in that capacity since December, 1862 (a few days after the organization of the regiment), and until an order was received assigning Captain Llewellyn, of whom previous mention has been made, to that position. Captain Llewellyn had been previously acting as brigade and division quartermaster. Captain W. H. Jones, Second Kentucky, commanded the Eleventh Company of that regiment and was directed to report to Colonel Dick Morgan as as supernumerary company. He went into Kentucky with General Morgan, and was cut off, and is believed to have joioned Chenoweth's regiment, of Lyon's brigade, now in that State, with his own company and many other men belonging to Duke's brigade. He is supposed to be acting as major of Chenoweth's regiment. C. L. Bennett, regimental quartermaster First Kentucky Battalion was appointed quartermaster of his regiment (Ninth Tennessee) by Colonel Ward, commanding, a few days after its organization to succeed Captain J. B. Lester, assistant quartermaster, who resigned, and has been acting as quartermaster of that regiment and subsequently of the First Kentucky Battalion, into which it was temporarily

