HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA., OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,Meridian, Miss., February 21, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The following light-mounted batteries are to Mobile, viz:

Names.	 Number of guns.	 Kind of guns.

Lowe's	 4	 20-pounder

 	 Parrotts.

Culpeper's	 4	 12-pounder

 	 Napoleons.

Tobin's	 4	 Two 3-inch rifled,

 	 two 12-pounder

 	 howitzers.

Winston's (section)	 2	 One 10-pounder

 	 Parrott, one 12-

 	 pounder howitzer.

Abbay's	 4	 12-pounder

 	 Napoleons.

Clanton's (section)	 2	 One 10-pounder

 	 Parrott, one 12-

 	 pounder.

Jenks'	 4	 12-pounder

 	 Napoleons.

I have the honor to suggest that the following disposition be made of them in case Mobile should be invested: That Lowe's and Abbay's batteries remain under the command of the general commanding the district; that Culpeper's, Tobin's, and Winston's (section) operate with the cavalry outside the city; that clanton exchange his 10-pounder Parrott with Winston for one of his 12-pounder howtizers and turn over his horses, mules, and wagons, &amp;c., to be given to Winston and Culpeper (as Clanton has but few animals), and that Clanton, with his two guns, &c., report to Brigadier General D. W. Adams for duty, who will unite him with his section at Coosa bridge; that Jenks' battery be ordered to Selma, Ala., to report to Brigadier-general Adams, from which point it can be ordered to such places as the good of the service or the exigencies of the occasion may require. This battery was organized in Mobile, and most of the men live in the city, and its removal to the point suggested removed while the city is threatened, the men ill desert and go into the city, and General Adams earnestly requests that a battery be sent to him. The 30-pounder Parrott guns ordered for Mobile by Lieutenant-General Taylor are being forwarded, which will replace these batteries. Should the city besieged these light batteries would be driven in the line of works and would no longer be of use as mounted batteries, while supplies for the animals could not be obtained, and he small number of efficient light batteries in the department render the withdrawal of these from Mobile absolutely necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. A. WEST,

Major and Chief of Artillery.

MERIDIAN, February 21, 1865.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Selma or Montevallo:

Following just received from General Maury, dated to-day:

Scouts from Pensacola report 12,000 troops at navy-yard. Raid in direction of Pollard meditated soon.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Forrest.)

