HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, February 21, 1865.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Commanding, &amp;c., Montevallo, Ala.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to state to you that should the enemy move from Pensacola, either upon Mobile or the interior, the cavalry of General Maury's command east of the bay have been instructed to resist his advance in front, and in case they are cut off from the city to report to you from orders. In such event you will assume control of them, and also of that portion of General Maury's district which the intrusion of the enemy may isolate from him, making proper provisions for the safety of all public property, and for its timely removal, if necessary, to some secure point in Georgia. The rolling stock of the railroad should also became for, but in no event should either engines or locomotives be destroyed. Where it is impracticable to remove these, the displacement and preservation of some essential portion of the machinery will render them useless to the enemy and invaluable to uss when we again possess the country. In the general remove of public property before the advance of the enemy, you will except from the operations of this order all hospitals and sick, whom the lieutenant-general commanding desires to remain undisturbed. I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to add, with regard to your garrisons and fortified posts, that timely provisions should be made for supplying them with the stores and munitions they will need during the time you anticipate them to hold out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. WATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Major-General Maury, Mobile, Ala.)

MERIDIAN, February 21, 1865.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Selma or Motevallo, Ala.:

There is surplus of field guns and ammunition therefor at Demopolis and can supply any deficiencies you have in that respect. It is more then ever important that the points heretofore indicated in your district should be fortified strongly and furnished with plenty of artillery. Telegraph additional number needed and they will be immediately turned over to you. Get from the Governor all the militia you can and at once practice them and your reserves in the use of artillery in the fortified places of your district. Sharp's and Brantly's brigades were sent to report to you until such time as they might be ordered to Carolina. In the meantime you will, of course, use them at Montgomery, Selma, or elsewhere, as you may deem necessary. * * * Engineer negroes have been ordered back from Georgia to Central Alabama to be turned over to your engineer officer. As fast as the engineer department can turn these or other enrolled negroes over to you you must release and return to owners an equal number of the negroes you may have impressed to meet emergency.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

