
MERIDIAN, February 21, 1865.

Brigadier General WIRT ADAMS,

Jackson, Miss.:

If the enemy is coming from Vicksburg your own line will be proper one to concentrate upon in his front, it being much the most important one to watch and defend. In that event, you should leave a small force of good scouts, under intelligent, reliable officers, in lower part of your district to observe and report movements of enemy.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ROSS' CAVALRY BRIGADE, Numbers 7. Deasonville, Miss., February 21, 1865.

For tried courage and approved worth Sergt. Henry King and Privates Ed. Nobles and Ben. Simmons are hereby authorized, while on furlough in Texas, to enlist a company for escort duty at the headquarters of this brigade. Upon their success in raising the company and bringing it to this side of the Mississippi River will depend their commissions.

By order of Brigadier-General Ross:

D. R. GURLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VAUGHN'S BRIGADE CAVALRY,Bristol, Tenn., February 21, 1865.

Major J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: There is such a scarcity of grain in this country, and necessities of dependent families so great, that I am unable to determine the maximum amount of grain which should be left in the hands of citizens for home consumption; therefore would lake very much that a notice from department headquarters should be sent to me in order that my action may [be] uniform on such occasions, and the unnecessary annoyance nd oppression of citizens prevented. I would also state that my information from reliable Southern men, from within the enemy's lines, state that the Federal forces are preparing for amove into North Carolina, and my impression is that an advance upon our part on this front will thwart their plans. With the presence of the re-enforcements now in this department on our front we can force them to abandon any project they may contemplate and compel them to the defensive. On account of the scarcity of forage, infantry or dismounted men would be preferred.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,West Point, Miss., February 22, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding Department, &amp;c., Meridian:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your favor of yesterday, inclosing copy of instructions to Brigadier-General Adams.

