
I sent you a special messenger this morning asking instructions, also to get your views as to the proper disposition of my troops. Have already ordered Brigadier-General Adams to retain all the troops he had and to withdraw everything from the bottom and prepare to meet the enemy. McGuirk's regiment, of Gholson's brigade, was also ordered to report to him, and orders are sent him to-day to carry out your instructions. Brigadier-General Chalmers has also been ordered to move Armstrong's brigade across the Tombigbee, to supply him at once with everything needed, and put it in motion for Selma. I send my ordnance officer, Captain C. S. Hill, down to-day to hurry forward supplies now on the way, and hope he may be able to get arms, &amp;c. Have bene getting up all the arms I can find scattered through the country, but will require 2,000 stand. Have both written and telegraphed in regard to the horses for artillery, and feel some uneasiness on that score, for unless I get them will only be able to move with one battery.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

WEST POINT, MISS., February 22, 1865.

Brigadier General J. R. CHALMERS:

Prepare Armstrong's brigade to move to Selma. Move him across the Tombigbee and make requisitions for everything he needs so as to supply him before he gets below Pickensville.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

JACKSON, MISS., February 22, 1865.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS:

General Forrest orders Mabry's command to remain here and join my regiment to-day.

THOMAS LIPSCOMB.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CHALMERS' DIVISION CAVALRY, Numbers 3. Near Columbus, Miss., February 22, 1865.

General Ordes, Numbers 1, from these headquarters, assuming command of all the Mississippi cavalry in the Confederate service in this district does not include any troops belonging to the Reserve Corps.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CHALMERS' DIVISION CAVALRY, Numbers 20. Near Columbus, Miss., February 22, 1865.

* * *

II. The following unattached companies belonging to the Reserve Corps are relieved from duty with Adams' brigade, cavalry: Captain Butler's company (Mississippi) cavalry, Captain Ashby's company (Mississippi) cavalry, Captain Withers' company (Mississippi) cavalry.

* * *

