
IV. The Seventh Regiment Mississippi Cavalry is relieved from duty with Starke's brigade and will report to Brigadier-General Armstrong, commanding brigade, for duty with that brigade.

V. The Seventh Mississippi Cavalry and Ballentine's regiment (Mississippi) cavalry will be consolidated and the regiment thus formed will be known as the Seventh Regiment Mississippi Cavalry.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, February 22, 1865.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War:

General Vaughn telegrams that the enemy with 2,000 infantry advanced to Greeneville yesterday at 1 p. m. No cavalry had made its appearance. Wil advise you on receipt of further intelligence.

J. S. JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRISTOL, [February] 22, 1865-9.40.

Major J. S. JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The enemy are advancing. At Greeneville yesterday, at 1 p. m., 2,000 infantry, no cavalry, made their appearance. Election to-day.

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, &amp;C.,Bristol, February 22, 1865-1 p. m.

Major JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The enemy came into Greeneville yesterday at 1 p. m. His force is estimated at some 2,000 strong, all infantry, no cavalry having been seen. The enemy's strength is obtained through prisoners who were captured by the enemy and escaped. I am concentrating my forces so as to check any advance east of the Watauga line. The enemy's cavalry is somewhere east of Knoxville, but not more than 1,000 strong unless re-enforced recently, of which I have no notification. To hold the election is the cause of the advance, I think.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BRISTOL, TENN., February 23, 1865.

(Received 9.20.)

Major J. S. JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Enemy still at Greeneville, 12 m. yesterday. Strength, 850. Thought to cover a raid into North Carolina. Will advise you this evening.

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

