
If it is desired that I should make defense against even a respectable raid, I should have at least 2,000 cavalry and as many infantry. Owing to the near proximity of the enemy and extent of the district and very slow and limited means of transportation, it would be impossible for me to defend it with a small force. If the interest of the public service requires that I should remain with this command, I hope the means will be placed at my command to avert calamity, or, if they cannot be, that I will not be held responsible for unavoidable results. I will again apply to Governor Watts, but have no confidence in success. I have made repeated efforts to get him to turn out his militia, but either he will not order or they will not come, and when they do they are of little or no value.

Very respectfully, major,

DANL. W. ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

MERIDIAN, February 24, 1865.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Montevallo, Ala.:

Enemy threatening Central Alabama with Fourth Corps, which are camped, at last accounts, between Huntsville and Whitesburg. General Maury reports from 12,000 to 14,000 troops at Pensacola. General Forrest has ordered General Roddey to concentrate his troops in vicinity of Montevallo.

By command of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, February 24, 1865.

Brigadier General WIRT ADAMS,

Jackson, Miss.:

Enemy is threatening Central Alabama from Huntsville and Whitesburg. General Maruy reports from 12,000 to 14,000 troops at Pensacola. It is of first importance to know whether enemy will move from Vicksburg. The moment it is certain he will not, you should send to General Forrest the troops heretofore ordered from your district.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, EAST TENNESSEE,Bristol, February 24, 1865.

Major JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The enemy are still at Greeneville in small force. Rumor says General Stoneman has returned to Knoxville, and thee is every evidence of a move of some character on the part of the enemy. It is either to go into North Carolina or come in this direction. This is certain, for my information is from an undoubted authority, and I give you warning in time so that you may prepare for the emergency. The sooner preparations are made to meet the enemy's advance the better.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

