
Can's Vaughn cross the river in Grayson and go after the raiding party? If so, direct him to collect all the cavalry he can and do so.

J. A. EARLY,

Lieutenant-General.

GLADE SPRING, VA., February 26, 1865.

(Received 7.20.)

Major J. S. JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Reply to dispatch of General Early and explain the location of my brigade. Give the orders to McDonald and Edgar to hold themselves in readiness to move. Direct them to keep secret any intention of moving. Telegraph General Early that I will return from East Tennessee in a day or two. Send me all news to Bristol to-night.

JNO. ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA., Numbers 21. Meridian, Miss., February 27, 1865.

In future the field and line officers of all commands within this department will be held pecuniarily responsible for damages committed by their soldiers on public or private property. Upon presentation of complaints of this nature (their justice being establish), boards of disinterested officers of citizens will be appointed to assess the damages, officers concerned and turned over tot he complainant. In such cases receipts for payment will be taken and forwarded to Richmond to be filed in claim office. This order will be read three times at the head of each command, and district commanders are specially enjoined to see that its provisions are rigidly enforced in every instance.

By command of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

E. SURGET,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. OF CONSCRIPTION, DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Enterprise, February 27, 1865.

Captain W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian:

CAPTAIN: In reply to the telegram of the lieutenant-general commanding department, &amp;c. received this morning, I have the honor to state that the necessary orders have been issued through same medium for assembling at this point forthwith all the Reserve Forces in the State. As fast as the companies arrive the lieutenant-general will be advised. I inclose for your information copy of the orders of the commandant of conscripts, directing the enrolling officers to credit on the quotas of owners all slaves in the employ of railroad companies and in service in the quartermaster and commissary departments on the 1st. Similar instructions have heretofore been issued with respect to slaves in the employment of the Niter and Mining Bureau in this State.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, yours, &c.,

J. H. BOYD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(In absence of Brigadier-General Brandon.)

