
[Inclosure.]

CIRCULAR. OFFICE COMMANDANT FOR MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 3. Enterprise, February 17, 1865.

I. Enrolling officers in this State are instructed in making the impressment of slaves ordered in Circular Numbers 1, current series, from this office, not to interfere with or disturb the slaves, whether hired or impressed, who, on the 1st of February instant, were in the employ of and actually at work with railroad companies, whose road are in actual use for military transportation, or with quartermasters or commissaries in this or adjoining States. And such slaves shall be credited to such of the owners thereof as may desire it in making the impressment aforesaid.

II. Every owner claiming such credit will have to produce to the enrolling officer of his county a certificate of the superintendent of the railroad, or of the quartermaster or commissary with whom said slaves are alleged to have been at work as aforesaid, together with an affidavit by said owner that such slave or slaves are now and were really and bona fide on the 1st day of February instant in the employ of and at work for said railroad, quartermaster, or commissary, and were not hired for the purpose of defeating or evading their impressment.

III. Enrolling officers will in their reports account for all such slaves by descriptive list, giving also the names of their owners and all other particulars as prescribed for those that are hired or impressed under Circular Numbers 1 aforesaid; and the certificate and affidavit required by paragraph II of this circular shall be forwarded with said reports to this office.

By order of Thomas J. Hudson, major and commandant:

RICHARD D. SCREVEN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CHALMERS' DIVISION CAVALRY, Numbers 4. Columbus, Miss., February 27, 1865.

The following officers are announced on the staff of the brigadier-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Colonel Thomas W. White, acting assistant inspector-general; Surg. L. H. Hall, chief surgeon.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CHALMERS' DIVISION CAVALRY, Numbers 23. Columbus, Miss., February 28, 1865.

I. Lieutenant Colonel D. A. Outlaw is relieved from duty with this division and will report to Major-General Forrest for orders.

* * *

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

