
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, Numbers 12. Tullahassee, Fla., February 28, 1865.

The major-general commanding has the gratification of announcing and expressing his thanks for the recent valuable and gallant services rendered by Captain J. J. Dickinson, of the Second Florida Cavalry, an his command. On the 2nd instant he crossed the Saint John's River, and in the vicinity of Saint Augustine and Volusia killed 4 of the enemy, including an adjutant, captured 68 prisoners, including the lieutenant-colonel and 3 captains, 18 deserters and traitors, an ambulance, and 10 wagons with their teams, a number of small-arms and horses, and many thousand pounds of cotton, and recrossed the Saint John's with his captures, without the loss of a man. The day after his return from that expedition Captain Dickinson started with his command to Levyville, and thence to Numbers 4 to meet a largely superior force, numerically, of the enemy, reported advancing from Cedar Keys. Early on the morning of the 13th instant he attacked the enemy in a strong position near the Geige house, and in a sharp engagement of three hours and a half punished the enemy so severely that they fled precipitately to Cedar Keys, leaving a potion of their dead on the field, with the loss of five men wounded, nine mortally. Our gallant men killed, wounded,and captured about seventy of the enemy,and recaptured all of the cattle, horses, and wagons, &amp;c., which they had stolen from the citizens on the march. I this handsome affair Captain Dickison had the valuable aid of detachments of the State militia. He mentions in deservedly complimentary terms the admirable conduct of all the officers and men of his command,and notices especially conduct of all the officers and men of his command,and notices especially the conspicuous gallantry and good conduct of Lieutenant T. J. Bruton, of the artillery, and sergeant Cox, of Company H, Second Florida Cavalry (acting adjutant). The major-general commanding has had occasion repeatedly to notice publicly,and always with pleasure, the valuable services of Captain Dickison and his command. They well deserve all their fellow-citizens can say in their praise or do in their behalf. Their vigilance, zeal, activity, and gallantry are commended to the imitation of their comrades in arms and countrymen.

By command of Major General Sam Jones:

W. K. BEARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., February 28, 1865.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR,

Meridian, Miss.:

Secretary of War directs that Brigadier-General Roddey should apply to you for orders.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., February 28, 1865.

Brigadier General P. D. RODDEY,

Moulton, Ala.:

Lieutenant-General Taylor being in command of department, Secretary of War directs you report to him for orders. Keep me advised, however, of movements of enemy.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

