
MACON, GA., March 3, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Augusta, Ga.:

Will you keep up communication with the military division, or is it abandoned? Please send substance of order extending Taylor's department. Had I not better go and see him, to have an understanding about department business? I am in the dark.

J. B. EUSTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, March 3, 1865.

Major-General MAURY,

Mobile, Ala.:

Last from Thomas' army is to the effect that he is moving his infantry and most of his cavalry in direction of Chattanooga. Lieutenant-General Taylor's command has been extended to embrace the State of Georgia. Last from General Beauregard he had good news from Richmond, and was very sanguine of whipping Sherman. Latest from Colonel Brent, dated Augusta, yesterday, the staff of the Army of Tennessee had been ordered to report to General Joseph E. Johnston, at Charlotte.

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS, Numbers 99. West Point, Miss., March 3, 1865.

The following are the rules and regulations for the government of the troops of this command:

I. That troops must be camped in the most compact shape possible, conforming, as nearly as the nature of the ground will admit, to that prescribed by the Army Regulations. officers of every grade must camps with their respective commands. When in camps and the weather will permit, the troops will appear under arms at retreat, and under arms at all roll-calls in the presence of the enemy. all the regimental and company officers are required to be present at every roll-call, and immediately after commanders of companies will report the result of same to commanders of regiments, and they report to adjutants or inspector-general of brigades, as brigade commanded may designate.

II. Brigade commanders will have company, regimental, and brigade drill,s whenever, the weather will permit, with occasional reviews and recitation in tactics. Also stable and water calls, prescribing times and hours for same; and, when not on the march, regular inspections must be had every Sunday morning.

III. Officers and men will remain in camp habitually. No officer or soldier will be permitted to leave camps for a longer period then twelve hours, without the approval of division commanders; and division commanders, when on outpost or when detached, will be governed by the Army Regulation sin granting details and leaves of absence.

IV. Brigade commanders will have all the calls sounded at their headquarters, to be repeated at regimental headquarters, so as to familiarize officers and men with them; especially with those calls most generally used in cavalry, including the "assembly of officers" and "first sergeants."

