
rear of their respective companies; and the brigade provost guard, under the supervision of the brigade officer of the day, in rear of each brigade. The duty of these shall be to see that there is no dropping out of ranks, or straggling from their places by officers or men. They will arrest and forward all such through the ascending channels to division headquarters. Brigade commanders will halt their commands habitually, when not otherwise ordered, for ten o fifteen minutes every two hours, to give an opportunity for the men to fall out of ranks. When the command is halted, the column will be wheeled into line to clear the road. The times for water calls on the march will be signified by the division commander. Great circumspection will be used by regimental commanders to see that too many are not allowed to fall out, and on trivial pretexts.

ON THE BATTLE-FIELD.

Commanders of companies must command their companies, commanders of regiments their regiments, and brigade commanders their brigades. There must be concert of action, and whatever formations are ordered must be preserved.

Troops must advance and retire in order and altogether. Officers of every grade will make this their special object, and no officer or private will be permitted to leave without the permission of their commanding officers, approved by brigade and division commanders.

Finally, there must be system, order, and discipline in every department of the command; promptness and precision on the part of al in the performance of every duty, and in the execution of al orders. No straggling or depredation, and, above all, respect to private property and citizens; and no impressments of property will be made except in accordance with orders from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office at Richmond.

By order of Major-General Forrest:

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI, EAST LOUISIANA, AND WEST TENNESSEE, No.-. Columbus, Miss., March 3, 1865.

I. Colonel H. P. Mabry, Third Texas Cavalry, is relieved from duty with the brigade which he has commanded and will report to Brigadier-General Ross, commanding brigade cavalry, for duty with his regiment. In relieving him front the command of his brigade the major-general command desires to express his entire satisfaction with the manner in which Colonel Mabry has discharged the duties of his position while under his command.

II. The brigade known as Mabry's Brigade is broken up and the regiments composing it will report as follows, viz: The Thirty-eighth Mississippi and Fourteenth Confederate Regiments to Brigadier General W. Adams, and the Fourth and Sixth Regiments Mississippi Cavalry to Brigadier-General Starke.

III. Brigadier General W. Adams will assume command of the following troops and will proceed to consolidate them into regiments, as provided for in the recent act of Congress, and to organize them into a brigade, which will be known as Adams' Brigade, of Chalmers' Division, viz: Wood's regiment (Mississippi) cavalry, Powers' regiment (Mississippi) cavalry, McGuirk's regiment (Mississippi) cavalry, Third-eighth Regiment Mississippi Cavalry, Fourteenth Regiment Confederate Cavalry,

