
Moorman's battalion (Mississippi) cavalry, Twenty-third Battalion Mississippi Cavalry, and all unattached regiments, battalions, and companies of Mississippi cavalry in the Sub-District of [South] Mississippi and East Louisiana.

IV. Brigadier-General Adams will report to Brigadier General J. R. Chalmers, commanding division, in all matters connected with his brigade, and will forward all papers, &amp;c., through his headquarters.

V. Brigadier-General Adams will continue in command of the Sub-District of South Mississippi and East Louisiana until further orders, and will report directly tot hese headquarters in all matters appertaining to his district and not connected with the command of his troops.

VI. Brigadier-General Chalmers will assume command of such portions of the Eighth Confederate and the Ninth and Tenth Mississippi Regiments Cavalry as are now in this district, and will hold them, under the command of Colonel W. B. Wade, Eighth Confederate Cavalry, subject to the orders of the lieutenant-general commanding department.

By order of Major-General Forrest:

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, March 3, 1865.

Brigadier General WIRTH ADAMS,

Jackson, Miss.:

The force reported by General Hodge as advancing on Bayou Sara and Baton Rouge roads believed to be nothing more than a cotton-stealing expedition. This force must not be permitted to get any cotton. General hodge must burn every bale liable to its capture. Endeavor to get accurate information and report by telegraph.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, March 4, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Augusta, Ge.:

Have your cipher of this date. Have given no ordes to pontoon train. If it is needed in east and can get there in time, it should go, of course. You can send such orders to it as may be necessary. Have ordered Brantly's and Sharp's brigades to Augusta. Every man belonging to Army of Tennessee should now go to it. Will send those belonging thereto that have accumulated here during interruption in railroad to-morrow. If Lieutenant-General Lee's wounds will permit, I think as you are to remain in Augusta he should rejoin his corps. He might take with him all men who are at Augusta en route for the army.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHALMERS' DIVISION CAVALRY,Columbus, March 4, 1865.

Brigadier-General ARMSTRONG,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you assemble all the troops of your brigade on the western side of the

