
MACON, GA., March 5, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Meridian, Miss.:

General Beauregard, in dispatch of 27th from Charlotte, says enemy has crossed Catawba and is between Lancaster and Camden, and it is believed he may move toward Cheraw, Georgetown, or Wilmington.

J. B. EUSTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, MISS., March 5, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Meridian:

GENERAL: Some months since I tendered Captain W. S. Yerger, the bearer of this, the command of a regiment of cavalry to be formed from the State troops. Captain Yerger has been long in service, and is well qualified as a cavalry officer for the command of a regiment, and is recommended specially by General Wirt Adams, to whose old regiment he belonged. I know personally, also, his merits and his just reputation gained in the field. It is my desire now to consolidate and reorganize the troops assembling at Macon, and place them in C. S. service, and to transfer a regiment or battalion with full companies under Captain Yerger as colonel or lieutenant-colonel. The troops are now preparing their final rolls,a nd will be immediately mustered out and ready for transfer. Will you or General Forrest send an inspector to muster them for pay due them? General F. said it would be attended to. Unless these troops can be sent into service in a body, as they desire, I fear we will lose most of them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. CLARK,

Governor of Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Tallahassee, March 5, 1865.

Mr. FULTON,

Supt. Savannah, Albany and Gulf Railroad, Thomasville, Ga.:

SIR: At sunset last evening fourteen transports were reported off Saint Mark's Light-House. Five or six hundred men had landed and were moving toward East River bridge. If the enemy makes a serious demonstration on this section of country, we shall need additional railroad transportation. I have, therefore, respectfully to urge that you place as much of your transportation as you can spare on the Pensacola and Georgia Railroad. I was informed that the road from Live Oak to Lawton would be completed yesterday. Of course every precaution will be taken to prevent any portion of your rolling-stock from falling into the hands of the enemy.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

