
however, in the course of four or five days it can be done. Have sent competent men with a force of negroes to repair the roads to Tuscaloosa and rebuild the bridges in that direction which have been washed away. Am also rebuilding the bridges on the railroad above this place. as soon as the waters recede can place Jackson's division in the field with about 2,500 effective men. The high water has prevented many men from reaching their commands, and I have written General Roddey almost daily directing him to use all possible expedition in getting to Montevallo with his command, to consolidate and reorganize it, and have ordered General Buford to move there at once with two regiments of Alabama cavalry-Fourth and Seventh-for the purpose of expediting and superintending the reorganization of those troops. An inspector leaves to-day for Jackson to inspect and assist General Adams in organizing and fitting up his brigade, and to hurry him up. Another also goes to Columbus on similar duty, and as soon as Armstrong's brigade is supplied with guns and the streams get within their banks, he will be in condition for duty in the field and for any movement desired. I am of opinion that the cavalry should (as much as possible) be kept together and in readiness to concentrate and effectually resist the movements of the enemy from some of the directions in which he is anticipated, or will doubtless move as soon as the weather will permit him to do so. Colonel McCulloch's regiment is here, but a third of it is dismounted, having lost their horses be disease around Mobile. I have given the dismounted men ten days' leave in which to procure horses, and think most or nearly all of them can do so in that time. Will send McCulloch to grenada to report to General Wright, unless some move of the enemy renders it unnecessary to do so. I look for no assistance from State troops, as none of them have as yet reported at Macon. Lieutenant-Colonel Hyams, who bears you this and is on his way to Jackson, will communicate to you verbally instructions which are given him, as well as those he is authorized and instructed to make to you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

MERIDIAN, March 6, 1865.

Major-General FORREST,

West Point:

Last scout from Pensacola says enemy has nearly all gone from there. By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,West Point, March 6, 1865.

Brigadier General J. R. CHALMERS,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that he has disapproved the order relieving Captain B. F. Saunders from duty as captain of his company, and directs that your order both Captains Saunders' and Porter's companies to report to Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Forrest, whom he had ordered to proceed to the vicinity of Hernando for the purpose of collecting deserters and absentees from our army. The major-general thinks that the companies thus sent will in a short time be

