
and soldiers, I am fearful of serious consequences to the welfare of the district. The present force cannot hold it against any determined effort. Deeming it proper, I have sent a copy of this communication to Governor Vance,inclosing him two letters from two officers who deserted to the enemy to Lieutenant-Colonel Henry, of Sixty-ninth North Carolina Regiment, which, however, did not reach their destination, having been taken from the party bringing them by my pickets.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. MARTIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, March 19, 1865.

Respectfully submitted to the honorable Secretary of War for his information. It is impossible to send any troops to General Martin at this time.

R. E. LEE,General.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., March 7, 1865-1 p. m.

(Received 2.30 p. m.)

General R. E. LEE.

General Taylor calls for instructions from me, but, understanding he is no longer under my orders, I refer the matter to you. He reports from Meridian on 17th ultimo, as follows

Present information indicates enemy will overrun Mississippi and Alabama. he evidently intends to advance in large force, and the troops there cannot seriously check him. The question arises, shall the valuable machinery and stores be sent farther east? Selma, Montgomery, and other points where this property is, cannot resists anything more than a mere cavalry raid. Shall this almost indispensable property be left to chances of being exposed to nothing stronger than cavalry raids? Is it certain its safety will be increased by removal eastward?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, March 8, 1865.

General Taylor has been directed to remove machinery and stores from exposed points to those promising safety. When the latter become threatened, to remove them again. Will the Adjutant and Inspector General notify the several bureaus?

R. E. LEE,General.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., March 7, 1865.

General JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

Lieutenant-General Taylor calls most urgently for funds. He writes that unless money is sent it pay off the immense deb of the Government to citizens, corporations, and troops, or at least to pay cash hereafter for current purchases and services, any attempt to proceed here on credit will inevitably prove a signal failure before the expiration of sixty days from this time.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

