
WEST POINT, MISS., March 7, 1865.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS:

The enemy's advance reached Ripley yesterday at 5 p. m.; supposed to be 5,000. Hold your troops in readiness to move by railroad, leaving their horses. Cook four days' rations from to-morrow morning. Answer how many troops you can have ready.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

WEST POINT, March 7, 1865.

Brigadier General J. R. CHALMERS:

Have 1,800 men and officers, with five days' cooked rations and forty rounds of ammunition to the man, on the railroad to-morrow morning between Columbia and Artesia by 9 o'clock to take the cars on arrival. Order telegraph office to open at 7 o'clock in the morning so as to receive instructions whether you will move or not.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ROSS' CAVALRY BRIGADE, Numbers 8. Benton, Miss., March 7, 1865.

I. Regimental and battalion commanders will enforce a strict discipline in their commands with a view of breaking up the evil of straggling, which has gone to such an extent in some regiments in the brigade.

II. Roll-call will be had daily under supervision of the regimental commanders, and all men found absent, without authority, will be punished and a list of their names retained in order that they may not be allowed the benefits of furloughs intended for the good soldiers of the command.

III. A certificate signed by the regimental commander will be forwarded to the inspector-general of the brigade at the expiration of each week, certifying that roll-call has been had daily and regularly and that all orders received during the week have been published to their respective commands.

By order of Brigadier-General Ross:

D. R. GURLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, March 7, 1865.

Brigadier General WIRT ADAMS,

Jackson, Miss.:

It is very important to know as soon as possible the destination of troops reported having left Vicksburg. You should be on alert to see if they do not come up Big Black or Yazoo in transports.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

