HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL ALABAMA,Montevallo, Ala., March 7, 1865.

Major W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian, Miss.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of dispatch received late last night from Brigadier General P. D. Roddey, the substance of which was telegraphed you this morning.

For and in the absence of Brigadier General D. W. Adams:

JOHN RAWLE,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH ALABAMA,Near Moulton, Ala., March 4, 1865.

Major-General FORREST:

GENERAL: Below I have the honor to submit copy of scouts' report just received from Lieutenant-Colonel Curry, commanding Fifth Alabama Cavalry:
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ALABAMA CAVALRY REGIMENT,March 3, 1865-4.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General RODDEY:

GENERAL: Messrs. Wren and Orr have just returned from a scout on which I sent them to Whitesburg, and I send at once the result of their operations. They saw a member of Captain Johnson's company of guerrillas, who crossed the river on Monday (the river is so high that there is no crossing now, or one of them would have gone over), and he stated that the corps which has been for some time encamped on opposite of river was moving eastward to Larkin's Landing, Stevenson, or Chattanooga. The wagons had gone to Huntsville and the men were preparing rations, that they were going to Larkin's Landing. The enemy have been collecting corn from this side, and they reported that two column would start southward-one from Larking's Landing and one from Decatur. The expedition has been retarded by bad weather. Heretofore the corn collected was carried eastward; within the last ten days it is being carried to Decatur. Infantry have been mounted and sent to Decatur on the north side of the river, where provisions are collecting. The column from that place is to number 10,000, consisting of cavalry and mounted infantry. This morning two trains west to Decatur, an unusual occurrence, so citizens report. Part of this information came from Gooch, an assistant commissary of subsistence of our army, a brother-in-law of Jeans, to whose house Jeans, with a Yankee guard, came on last Saturday night. Jeans reported that he would return in eight or ten days from the time of his visit and would bring sufficient guard to protect him in remaining for several days. There was some talk of establishing a hospital at Valhermoso Springs, and the citizens were advised to petition Granger for permission to remain and plant crops, with the assurance that the petition Granger for permission to remain and plant crops, with the assurance that the petition would be granted. The citizens feel now no apprehensions of a crossing at Whitesburg. An embargo has been laid on citizens at Huntsville. None are permitted to come out or cross the river until further orders.

Yours, truly,

J. L. M. CURRY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fifth Alabama Cavalry.

In additional to the Fourth Army Corps, it is reported that there are two other divisions from some other corps in Madison County.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. D. RODDEY,

Brigadier-General.

