
off. Now that your work is consummated by the surrender of General Taylor and his forces, it is my pleasing duty to present to you, and to your gallant officers and brave army, the thanks of the President, of the people, and of this Department, for the valor, energy, and military skill displayed in the siege and reduction of the city of Mobile, the pursuit and capture of the enemy's army, and in all the operations of your campaign.

These operations were accompanied by circumstances of difficulty and discouragement, and without the aid and support enjoyed by forces less remote from the great depots of supply. But the brilliant success of your achievements has exercised and influence that cannot be overestimated in breaking the rebel power, destroying all hopes, and bringing their cause to ruin. The extensive preparations and vigorous defense of Mobile show that the rebel chiefs regarded it as their last refuge. To express the sense of your important service and give just tribute to the patriotic services rendered to the country by you and your army is the object of the accompanying order. The occasion is also proper to signify the confidence and approval of the Department for the wisdom, firmness, vigilance, and integrity that have distinguished your administrative service every since its onerous and harassing duty was cast upon you. It gives me pleasure to say that no officer enjoyed more highly than yourself the personal esteem and confidence of the late President, Mr. Lincoln, and that to his latest moment he watched the operations of your army with great interest.

With great regard, I am, your friend,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 16, 1865.

ORDERED:

That the thanks of the President and the War Department be and they are herewith presented to Major-General Canby, and the officers and soldiers of his command, for their gallantry, energy, and successful military skill, in the siege and reduction of the strongly fortified city of Mobile, and for the achievements that have rendered their campaign one of the most brilliant and important of the war.

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 66. New Orleans, La., June 1, 1865.

The annexed order from the Secretary of War, conveying the thanks of His Excellency the President and the War Department to the officers and soldiers of this command, engaged in the recent campaign east of the Mississippi River, is publish for general information.*

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

