
advance of the enemy. You are not expected to accomplish impossibilities. If your force of infantry will only permit you to garrison one point in your district, Selam, being the most important, is the point you should garrison. You should therefore rapidly and efficiently organize all the Government employes at the various workshops in your district, and when necessary concentrate all of them together with your entire infantry and dismounted cavalry at Selma. Should Selma not be threatened, they can be rapidly thrown from there to Montgomery or such other point as may be in danger. With two rivers and three railroads at your disposal your facilities for rapidly transporting troops and supplies from one point to another will be peculiarly great. You have already been informed that Major-General Forrest will be held in position to thrown his whole force into your district whenever the movements of the enemy render it necessary. In the meantime Brigadier-General Roddey is ordered to keep you advised of enemy's movements on the north and you are advised from here of any movements made from other directions. There being very light picket duty for your own cavalry, Brigadier-General Buford has been sent to your district to organize the cavalry under instructions from Major-General Forrest, who has been directed to send you copy of those instructions in order that your orders to Brigadier-General Buford may not conflict with his. General Buford will report to you and be subject to your orders so far as military movements and details are concerned, but will be expected to carry out the general views of Major-General Forres as regards organizing the cavalry. The lieutenant-general commanding will visit Selma as soon as railroad is repaired.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, March 8, 1865.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS, Selma:

General Maury's scouts report 18,000 infantry and 2,000 cavalry at Pensacola about ready to move against Mobile. Answer cipher of 2nd about moving engines.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MACON, GA., March 8, 1865.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Tallahassee, Fla.:

Please send all surplus arms in your district to Major-General Cobb. They are absolutely required to arm the garrison at Columbus, Ga., which must be defended on account of the large Government factories.

J. B. EUSTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,Charlotte, N. C., March 9, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Meridian, Miss.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 14th and telegram of the 17th instant [ultimo] have been received and their contents communicated respec-

66 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

