
MACON, GA., March 11, 1865.

J. H. McMAHON,

Quartermaster, Montgomery, Ala.:

Dispatch received. Colonel Brent has gone to Charlotte. I will forward your dispatch, but doubt whether he can aid you, as General Beauregard no longer commands the Military Division of the West. I have no authority to issue any order.

J. B. EUSTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALABAMA, MISSISSIPPI, AND EAST LOUISIANA, Numbers 30. Meridian, Miss., March 11, 1865.

I. Commanders of districts and troops in the field, and post commandants are in future prohibited from assigning officers and enlisted men to duty as ordnance are necessary, applications will, in all instances, be made to the chief of ordnance, Major J. K. McCall.

II. General Orders, Numbers 118, past series, is amended as follows: The District of North Alabama is abolished, and all that portion of the State of Alabama not included in the District of the gulf shall constitute one military district known as the "District of Alabama," under the command of Brigadier General D. W. Adams.

By command of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

E. SURGET,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, March 11, 1865.

Major-General MAURY,

Commanding District of the Gulf, Mobile:

Your dispatch relative to strength and position of fortifications at Choctaw and Oven Bluffs received. General Taylor directs that messages of that character should be in cipher. Are your defenses on eastern bay shore complete? Enemy may mass his strength there from Pensacola. General Beauregard is relieved from command of Military Division of the West. General Joseph E. Johnston assigned to command of departments lately commanded by Hood and Hardee, though afar as known still retains command of Army of Tennessee.

General Taylor retains this department, reporting direct to War Department and General Lee.

Have you received papers relative to lot of rosin and turpentine on Dog river, belonging to a Mr. Webb, of Mobile? If not removed, it must be burned if enemy advances.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., March 11, 1865.

General R. TAYLOR,

Meridian, Miss.:

Your letter, 14th, and telegram, 17th of February, have been referred to General Lee. Troops received cannot be returned in time, I believe, to relieve Mobile, if latter be attacked soon. For plan of enemy's operations see Richmond Whig, 4th instant.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

