
MERIDIAN, March 12, 1865.

Major-General FORREST,

West Point, Miss.:

Late Federal news induces lieutenant-general commanding to believe it is possible Thomas has moved Fourth Army Corps and maybe some cavalry eastward toward Chattanooga. As enemy has commenced heavy demonstration against Mobile, it is highly important you should ascertain and report definitely about this matter at earliest possible moment.

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WEST POINT, MISS., March 12, 1865.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS:

Send a company of scouts to Fulton. Enemy reported moving from Eastport in that direction. Prepare Armstrong's brigade at once to cross the river to meet the enemy in the event they move on. Work day and night to get you command in order.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CHALMERS' DIVISION CAVALRY, Numbers 33. Columbus, March 12, 1865.

I. Brigadier-General Armstrong will establish a line of couriers from this place by the shortest and best route to Tuscaloosa, Ala., to connect with the line established by Brigadier General Dan. Adams to this place. The posts will be not more than ten miles apart and two men will be left at each post. An officer will be put in charge of the line, who will be held responsible for the prompt transmission of all dispatches. As soon as the first post is established he will report its whereabouts to these headquarters, and when he reaches Tuscaloosa he will report to the commandant of the post at that place. The detail for this duty will be made from the unarmed men. They will be supplied with three days' rations and will move at daylight to-morrow, and lose no time until the line is established.

II. A line of couriers will be established for the scouting company sent to Fulton to this place for the transmission of intelligence to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHALMERS' DIVISION, CAVALRY,

Columbus, Miss., March 12, 1865.

General ARMSTRONG:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to say to you that he has information that the enemy are moving from Eastport, and that you will send a company from the Eighth Confederate Cavalry at once to Fulton, to scout in the direction of Eastport, and ascertain and report all movements of the enemy. All information will be sent

