
promptly to these headquarters. You will use every exertion to put your command in readiness to meet the enemy if they should advance. Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, March 12, 1865.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Montevallo or Selma:

Following received:

MOBILE, 12TH.

Line down to Montgomery. Please orders supplies for Clanton's and Armistead's brigades to be sent from Montgomery in view of advance of enemy from Pensacola.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.

See that this is promptly attended to. Clanton has been ordered to keep as close to enemy as possible, and with line of couriers to nearest telegraph station keep you fully advised. You will repeat all his reports to these headquarters. Acknowledge.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, March 12, 1865.

Lieutenant General S. D. LEE,

Augusta, Ga.:

Returned this morning from West Point. Thomas said to be moving from north it Fourth Army Corps and about 12,000 cavalry. General maury reports enemy, some 30,000 strong, moving with fleet, and from Pensacola by land, on Mobile. Some 20,000 bales cotton in Mobile will be burnt as soon as investment commences. Having foreseen these movements, have provided for them as fully as our resources will permit. Have received no aid from Mississippi or Alabama, but hope to trouble enemy in his efforts to take or occupy them. Please forward this to commanding general at Richmond.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EAST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, March 12, 1865-5.12 a. m.

General MAURY,

Commanding Mobile:

The following dispatch just received by Captain Tutt, a reliable officer commanding at Greenwood:

Just received a dispatch from Mr. "D." confirming the movement of the enemy from the navy-yard yesterday morning. They encamped near Pensacola last night with 18,000 or 20,000, where they were to be joined by General Steele with the balance of the command. Whole force estimated at about 25,000. Think they are coming out by Gonzales.

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

