
MERIDIAN, March 13, 1865.

Major-General FORREST,

West Point:

It is of greatest importance to know what enemy's intentions are. If certain information can't be obtained otherwise, you had better send a force to Eastport, if roads will permit it, to drive in pickets and make forced reconnaissance.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,West Point, March 13, 1865.

Colonel E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I telegraphed the lieutenant-general commanding to-day and repeat the substance of that dispatch. My scouts report the enemy as having withdrawn their pickets from Iuka, and at 7 o'clock yesterday evening their pickets were stationed three miles from Eastport; their lines are closed and no one is permitted to come out. Citizens report them moving down the river on opposite side. Citizens report them moving down the river on opposite side. I have sent two flags of truce up to them; besides have thrown out sufficient scouts to ascertain their real movements. Captain Henderson has been ordered to send men across the Tennessee at several points, and I expect early and reliable information from them. The division of Brigadier-General Jackson has arrived here, and the bridge across the Bigbee at Waverly is ready. Have also ordered 20,000 rations of corn to Columbus and five days' rations for the men, so that everything will be ready in the event of any movement of the enemy. Have established the courier-line from Moulton to Montevallo, or ordered it done; also, from Montevallo to Columbus, still keeping up a line from Verona across the Moulton. With the country well scouted on the river and the above means of communication, I do not fear any movement of the enemy will be made without my knowing it in time to meet them.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,West Point, March 13, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. FORREST,

Commanding Department:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs you move with your command from this point through a portion of the counties of Chickasaw, Pontotoc, and La Fayette to Oxford, at which place you will report your arrival by telegraph to Brigadier-General Wright at Grenada. While en route for Oxford you will spread out your men as much as possible to gather up all deserters, absentees, and stragglers from the army. When caught, dismount, disarm, and forward them to General Wright at Grenada. From Oxford you will move in the direction of Panola, thence to the north slide of Tallahatchee River, scouting well the counties of Marshall, Panola, and De Soto and rendez-

67 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

