
vousing your troops at such points as you may deem proper for the accomplishment of your duty. Arrest all persons taking or transmitting cotton through the enemy's lines without proper authority, which can only be given by Major John S. Walls, approved by the lieutenant general commanding department, or authority given by the lieutenant-general himself. Send all persons thus arrested, with the teams, wagons, and drivers (if slaves) to Brigadier-General Wright, commanding District of North Mississippi and West Tennessee, for disposition. Having scouted the counties mentioned, the major-general commanding directs that you move to the Mississippi River at some point near Horn Lake, thence down the river through the counties of De Soto, tunica, Coahoma, and bolivar as far as Issaquena, spreading through the country, arresting deserters, absentees, guerrillas, &amp;c., allowing no one to cross the Mississippi River unless with authority from department headquarters or from officers commanding districts in which you may be operating. Arrived at Issaquena you will return so as to sweep the entire section of country to the vicinity of Hernando, tense back via Panola to Grenada, at which place you will report with your command to Brigadier-General Wright. During your march, should it be necessary, the major-general commanding directs that you impress forage sufficient for your stock. Also, in the event your horses become jaded and worn down, you will exchange them for serviceable ones, paying a reasonable difference in the exchange. Should you find it impossible to exchange on these terms, you will impress horses to mount your dismounted men, always making the impressments in accordance with the mounted men, always making the impressments in accordance with the order from Secretary of War in relation to impressments. While on your rounds you will collect all companies and parts of companies or soldiers that you may find, unless they be there under orders from department or district headquarters, ordering them to report to you for duty and taking them with you. Any officer thus found refusing to obey your orders you will arrest and send in irons to Brigadier-General Wright. It is directed by the major-general commanding that all companies, detachments, and squads of cavalry now in that section of country report to you for duty while in the execution of the instructions herein contained, unless, as before stated, they be operating under orders from department or district headquarters. You are also authorized and directed to seize all Government arms in the hands of citizens, sending all guns thus taken to Brigadier-General Wright. You will also from time to time report your operations to these headquarters. In seizing the arms you will take all navy, army, English, or French pistols in the hands of citizens, giving your receipts for them. After arming your own men you will turn in the remainder to Brigadier-General Wright at Grenada.

I am, colonel, &c.,

P. ELLS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WEST POINT, MISS., March 13, 1865.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS:

Brigadier-General Adams' brigade ordered to Macon. Make preparations to supply him at that place. He probably left Jackson to-day.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

