
suitable officers to such points as will enable you to have it quickly burned whenever it may become necessary without endangering other property. These instructions will govern your actions at all points in your district where cotton is accumulated and can, if captured, be removed by the enemy; in fact, at all shipping points on railroads, navigable streams, and main thoroughfares.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WEST POINT, MISS., March 14, 1865.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS:

Can you be ready to move with your command day after to-morrow morning to Montevallo with four days' cooked rations and two days' forage? Answer immediately.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,West Point, March 14, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Commanding Division, Columbus:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that the enemy are moving from Eastport to Decatur and to Athens. It is confidently expected they will move into North Alabama. He directs that you prepare your command to move to Montevallo with four day's cooked rations and two days' forage. He has telegraphed you to-night to know if you could not be ready to move by day after to-morrow morning. Major Mason, chief quartermaster, now at Columbus, was also telegraphed to night to provide 5,000 rations of corn at Pickensville and 10,000 rations of corn at Tuscaloosa. The general suggests that you at once send an officer to Tuscaloosa to provide the corn as above. Major Mason may not have a man to send, except he gets one from you or you send one of your quartermasters.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Aide-de-Camp.

NAVAL GUN FOUNDRY AND ORDNANCE WORKS,

Selma, March 15, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding Department, Meridian:

SIR: I am directed by the Secretary of the Navy to confer with you in regard to removing the machinery of these works. Our machinery is very heavy and there is a great deal of its. Under favorable circumstances it would require weeks to remove it, and it would be months before we could have it in operation elsewhere. I have sent off all the machinery not in use. Please inform me if you deem it best to remove and where to go. I would ask if we are to remove, that all quartermasters have positive orders to transport our machinery without delay.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CATESBY AP R. JONES,

Commandant, C. S. Navy.

