
LOUISIANA.

Lieut Alfred Shaffer, 1st Cavalry.

MISSOURI.

Captain William Erwin, 11th Infantry.

Lieutenant Frank M. Gough, 21st Infantry.

OHIO.

Lieutenant John Snyder, 83rd Infantry.

U. S. COLORED TROOPS.

Lieutenant Garrett J. D. Jarvis, 50th Infantry.

Captain George Geiger, 68th Infantry.

Lieutenant Edward R. R. Talbot, 68th Infantry.

Lieutenant Charles Manhardt, 68th Infantry.

Lieutenant Clark Gleason, 68th Infantry.

Captain John C. Brown, 73rd Infantry.

Captain Samuel R. Wilson, 76th Infantry.

Lieutenant William F. Webster, 76th Infantry.

Major Lewis P. Mudgett, 86th Infantry.

WISCONSIN.

Lieutenant Richard Caddell, 11th Infantry.

Captain Emory F. Stone, 20th Infantry.

Captain Carlton G. Stetson, 33rd Infantry.

Numbers 4. Itinerary of the Army of West Mississippi.*

THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS.+

February 18.- Corps reorganized by General Orders, Numbers 20, Military Division of West Mississippi. Troops forming the corps in part at Forts Gaines and Morgan, Ala., and at Barrancas, Fla., at time of announcement of organization. Remainder reported at these points since that time, with the exception of Twenty-third Wisconsin Volunteers. Troops in camp preparing for the field.

March 17.- General Benton's (Third) division left Navy Cove, preceded on the 16th by Colonel Bertram's (First) brigade, Second Division, and followed by General Veatch's (First) division on the 19th.

March 20.- The Second and Third Brigades, Second Division, Brigadier General C. C. Andrews commanding, left with forces under command of Major-General Steele from Pensacola, Fla., marching in a northerly direction along the line of the Florida and Alabama Railroad.

March 26.- The whole command, consisting of the First and Third Divisions, and First Brigade, Second Division, reached the vicinity of Spanish Fort, Ala.

March 27.- The right of the Thirteenth Corps connected with Major-General Smith's Sixteenth Corps.

March 28.- Our skirmishers were within 400 yards of the enemy's works and approaches were commenced. Major-General Granger commanded in person the portion of the corps consisting of the First Division, First Brigade, Second, and Third Divisions.

April 1.- The Third Division and First Brigade, Second Division, in position before Spanish Fort, Ala., the left resting on Mobile Bay and right connecting with Sixteenth Army Corps; approaches constantly pushed forward under heavy fire.

---------------

*From returns of the commands indicated for February, March, April, May, and June, 1865.

+Commanded by Major General Gordon Granger.

---------------

