
April 8.- At 11 p. m. the enemy evacuated his works. Our saps had been pushed to within 237 yards of the main works. The First Brigade, Second Division, immediately occupied them upon their evacuation.

April 9.- In the morning the Third Division marched to rear of Blakely to take part in the assault on the works at that place, but did not get into position sufficiently early. The First Division and Second and Third Brigades, Second Division, participated in the siege of Blakely. The enemy's works were assaulted, these commands forming part of the assaulting line, reaching the enemy's works without check, but with considerable loss.

April 11.- First and Third Division marched from rear of Blakely at sundown for Starke's Landing.

April 12.- Embarked on transports by daylight; crossed Mobile Bay in the morning; landed five miles below Mobile at 10.30 a. m. without meeting opposition, and marched toward the city. It was ascertained the city had been evacuated by the enemy. General Granger and staff reached the city by water on transport General Banks as the head of the column entered it.

April 30.- The Second and Third Brigades, Second Division, are with General Steele's column at Selma; the Third Division on the Tombigbee River; the First Division forming garrison of Mobile; First Brigade, Second Division, holding Spanish and Blakely Forts.

May 7.- The First Brigade, Second Division, withdrew [from] Blakely and Spanish fort, and encamped near [Mobile], the First Division supplying by detachment required garrison.

May 9.- The Third Division arrived from McIntosh Bluff, on the Tombigbee River, and encamped near Mobile.

May 12 and 13.- The Second and Third Brigades, Second Division, arrived from Selma and encamped near Mobile. The corps was thus assembled at Mobile, the only detachments being guards on the line of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and garrisons at East Pascagoula, Fort Blakely, Mount Vernon Arsenal, and Fort Tracy.

May 26 and 27.- First and Second Brigades, First Division, in accordance with orders from Major-General Canby, embarked for New Orleans, there to report to the major-general commanding the military division.

May 30.- In compliance with orders from Major-General Canby, commanding the military division, Benton's (Third) division was directed to report to Major General F. Steele for service in Texas; change made in batteries to furnish required artillery.

During the month the Fiftieth Indiana and One hundred and sixty-first New York Volunteers have been withdrawn from the corps. The Thirty-first Massachusetts (mounted) Infantry and Ninety-sixth and Ninety-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry have been attached to the corps, and are consequently accounted for on this return. Corps headquarters have continued at Mobile during the month.

June 14.- Corps headquarters left Mobile.

June 18.- Arrived at Galveston.

The First Division, from which no formal reports have been received, has been sent up Red River and into Northeastern Texas. The Second Division has been transferred in part to Texas by way of Galveston-regiments stationed at Galveston, Houston, Millican, and Columbus. All the division except that part to be mustered out will come to Galveston, as well as the Third Brigade, First Division. The Third Division is mainly at Brazos de Santiago, Tex., reporting to Major-General Steele. Headquarters of the division and regiments awaiting muster out are still at Mobile, Ala.

