
First Division.

February 12.- Division organized by Special Orders, Numbers 43, Military Division of West Mississippi. Brigades and batteries reported at Dauphin Island, Ala., and General Veatch assumed command. The division was formerly a portion of the Reserve Corps, Military Division of West Mississippi.

March 17.- Left Dauphin Island, moving by transports to Navy Cove, a distance of five miles.

March 18.- In the morning marched about four miles.

March 26.- Moved on to Spanish Fort; met enemy's pickets; invested the fort.

March 30.- Moved as guard to supply train for General Steele; encamped at night at Sibley's Mills. Loss-killed in action, 9; wounded, 4.

[April.]- Left Blakely, Ala., after the surrender and embarked at Spanish Fort for Mobile.

April 12.- Arrived at the latter place; division doing garrison duty; one brigade (First) at Spring Hill, five miles from the city.

May 25.- The division received orders to march.

May 27.- Left Mobile.

May 28.- Arrived at New Orleans.

May 31.- Left New Orleans for Red River. The division has been in no engagement with the enemy since last return.

First Brigade, First Division.

February 5. Moved from Kenner, La., to Dauphin Island, Ala., by order of Major-General Steele, commanding Reserve Corps.

[March.]- Since last report this brigade moved by water to Navy Cove, Ala., thence by land to Spanish Fort, Ala., where an engagement with the enemy took place on March 26. After remaining in front of the enemy until March 30 the command was ordered out to guard supplies to Major-General Steele; on the 31st, in camp at Holyoke Mills, Ala.

April 1.- this brigade was at Holyoke Mills, northeast from Spanish Fort.

April 2.- From thence it moved to Blakely, Ala., and remained in the siege of Blakely until its capture on April 9.

April 11.- We moved to Starke's Landing and embarked on steamers and crossed the bay to Magnolia Race Course, and debarked on the 12th.

April 13.- We moved to Spring Hill, Ala., seven miles from Mobile, where the brigade is at present [April 30.]

May 1.- This brigade was encamped at Spring Hill, near Mobile, where it remained until the 26th of the month.

May 26.- It broke camp, and moving into Mobile embarked on steamers for New Orleans via Lake Pontchartrain.

May 27.- Arrived at Hickox Landing at night and on the following morning disembarked and went into camp at Metairie Ridge Race Course, two miles from New Orleans.

May 30.- Again embarked.

May 31.- At daylight started up the Mississippi River for Shreveport, La.

June 1.- This command was on board steam transports bound for Shreveport, La. The Twenty-first Iowa, Lieutenant-Colonel Van Anda commanding, was left to occupy Grand Ecore.

June 7.- The remainder of the brigade arrived at Shreveport at night; disembarked the following morning and went into camp a quarter of a mile outside of the city, where it has since remained.

