
Second Brigade, First Division.

February 4.- Left Kenner, La.

February 8.- Arrived at Dauphin Island, Ala. The command has been in camp since that time; have been on no marches, nor participated in any battles.

March 17.- Left Dauphin Island; marched to Spanish Fort, about fifty miles, arriving on the 26th.

March 27.- Commenced the siege; skirmishing daily, but no regular action. Loss in command light.

[April.]- Brigade was encamped at Holyoke, Ala., on the date of the last report.

April 2.- Received marching orders and moved to Blakely, Ala., as escort to supply train and to re-enforce Major-General Steele at that point. The investment having commenced, was assigned a position in front of the works, which was held until April 9.

April 9.- The enemy's works were charged and carried by assault.

April 12.- Crossed the bay and landed at Catfish Point, a few miles below Mobile. This brigade was given the advance and occupied the city at 12 m., and has formed a part of the garrison since that time.

Third Brigade, First Division.

[March.]- Since last report the brigade has moved by water to Navy Cove, Ala.; thence by land to Spanish Fort, Ala.

March 25.- The Thirtieth Missouri Infantry were left at Dannelly's Mills, on Fish River, Ala., to guard supplies and bridge at that place.

March 26.- Commenced an engagement with the enemy.

March 28.- The One hundred and sixty-first New York was detached, by order of Brigadier-General Veatch, to build roads to Starke's Landing, Ala.; since been detailed to guard supplies and post at that station.

March 30.- Moved out with the First Division and proceeded to Holyoke Mills, guarding train of supplies for Major-General Steele.

Second Division.

March 4.- Brigadier General C. C. Andrews assumed command of Second Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, in pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 1, dated headquarters U. S. Forces, Barrancas, Fla., March 4. At this time the Second and Third Brigades, Second Connecticut and Fifteenth Massachusetts Batteries were at Barrancas, the First Brigade being detached from the division and at Navy Cove, Ala.

March 11.- The division marched to Pensacola, Fla., where they constructed about 500 feet of wharf and about 600 yards of railroad track, connecting the commissary building with the wharf.

March 20.- The command moved northward along the line of the Florida and Alabama Railroad, arriving in the vicinity of Pollard on the 25th.

March 26.- The Second Brigade, with the division commander, entered Pollard, where about 600 yards of railroad track was torn up, several bridges destroyed, and the commissary and quartermaster's buildings burned.

March 27.- The division moved westward along the line of the Mobile and Montgomery Railroad, arriving at Stockton, Ala., on the Tensas River, on the 31st. The roads traveled over were almost impassable; about twenty-five miles of corduroy had to be built. The division also assisted in building a bridge over Pine Barren Creek, and built bridges

