
over the Escambia and Little Escambia Rivers. During this long and difficult march only one wagon of the division train was lost.

During the time above referred to the First Brigade was engaged in operations before Spanish Fort, Ala.

April 1.- The Second and Third Brigades, with the Second Connecticut and Fifteenth Massachusetts Batteries, left camp near Stockton, Ala., taking the road down the Tensas River, arriving in front of Blakely on the morning of the 2nd.

April 2.- The place was invested, the Second Division forming on the left of Hawkin's (colored) division, and holding a line two miles in length. From this time until the evening of the 9th were busily engaged in digging entrenchments and gradually advancing our lines.

April 9.- In the evening a charge was ordered upon the enemy's their artillery and small-arms being captured, the Second Division capturing 1,300 prisoners and 12 pieces of artillery.

April 11.- In the evening the Second Brigade, with the division commander, was ordered to Starke's Landing, on Mobile Bay, where it remained until the 14th.

April 14.- They were ordered to return to Blakely, where the Third Brigade was encamped. The two brigades remained at Blakely until the 19th.

April 19.- Orders were received to embark on transports and proceed up the Alabama River.

April 20.- Left Blakely in the evening, arrived at Mobile same day; lay there until the morning of the 22nd.

April 22.- We moved slowly up the Alabama River, forming a part of Major-General Steele's expeditionary forces.

April 27.- Arrived at Selma, Ala.

April 28.- Were ordered to occupy the place. Are now encamped here. The First Brigade of this division took part in the operations against Spanish Fort and is now encamped at that place.

May 1 to 6.- The First Brigade was stationed at Blakely.

May 6.- It moved to its present position below the city of Mobile. The Second and Third Brigades, with the Second Connecticut and Fifteenth Massachusetts Batteries, were at Selma, Ala., until the 11th and 12th of May, when they embarked on board transports and moved down the river to Mobile. Arriving at that place on the evenings of the 12th and 13th, they disembarked and have remained in camp near and in the city since.

May 31.- The Twenty-first New York Battery joined the Second Division by order from headquarters Thirteenth Army Corps.

June 1.- The division was camped in and around the city of Mobile, Ala. During the month it has been embarking for Galveston, Tex., as fast as transportation was furnished.

June 30.- But three regiments and three batteries remain at Mobile.

First Brigade, Second Division.

February 12.- This brigade, organized under Special Orders, No 43, extract III, dated headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, New Orleans, La., is at present detached from the Second Division and in camp at Mobile Point, La. The brigade is doing guard, picket, and heavy fatigue duty.

March 4.- Colonel Henry Bertram, Twentieth Wisconsin Volunteers, assumed command of the brigade in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 6, extract II, headquarters Thirteenth Army Corps, March 4.

