
April 27.- Arrived at Selma, Ala., at which place the brigade is now April 30] encamped.

May 1 to 11.- The brigade was stationed at Selma, Ala.

May 11.- At night received orders to proceed to Mobile.

May 12.- Arrived at that place, since which time the brigade has remained in and near the city, attached, as heretofore, to the Second Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, Bvt. Major General C. C. Andrews commanding.

June 1 to 25.- The brigade was stationed at Mobile.

June 12.- The Sixty-ninth Battalion Indiana Volunteers, forming a part of the brigade, was detached for temporary duty by virtue of Special Orders, Numbers 73, headquarters Thirteenth Army Corps.

June 25.- In pursuance to orders received, the Twenty-fourth Indiana and Ninety-seventh Illinois embarked on transports for Galveston.

June 26.- The Seventy-sixth Illinois embarked for the same place.

June 29 and 30.- The three regiments arrived at Galveston.

Third Brigade, Second Division.

March 5.- The Third Brigade, of the Second Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, was organized at Barrancas, Fla.

March 11.- The brigade marched to Pensacola, Fla., remaining there until the 20th.

March 20.- The command moved northward along the line of the Pensacola and Pollord Railroad.

March 26.- Arrived in the vicinity of Pollard, Ala.; thence to a westerly course along a branch of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad.

March 30.- Arrived at Stockton, Ala., on the Tensas river, the roads traveled furring this expedition being almost impassable.

April 1.- The brigade left Stockton, Ala., taking the Blakely road down the Tensas River.

April 2.- Arrived in the vicinity of Blakely, Ala., about noon, and were placed in the center of the line of investing forces of Blakely, which position it occupied until the capture of Blakely with its garrison on the 9th.

April 9.- In the assault on the enemy's works each regiment of this brigade was engaged and did its work nobly, the Eighty-third Ohio taking the advance as skirmishers. On the eve of the 10th the brigade was ordered to occupy the works of the enemy at Blakely, which it did until the 20th.

April 20.- It was embarked on transports and crossed to Mobile, Ala. Soon after its arrival at Mobile the enemy was reported to be advancing on the place. The brigade was disembarked and laid on their arms until the eve of the 21st, when they embarked again and started up the Mobile River, forming a part of the column of Major-General Steele's forces operating in Alabama.

April 27.- Arrived at Selma, Ala.; disembarked and went into camp at Selma on the 28th.

[May.]- The brigade remained at Selma, Ala., until 12th.

May 12.- It embarked on board transports and moved down the river.

May 13.- Arrived at Mobile, Ala., in the evening.

May 14.- Went into camp.

[June.]- The brigade remained at Mobile, until June 12.

June 12.- Orders were received to embark on transports. The One hundred and fourteenth Ohio Volunteers embarked and sailed for Galveston, Tex., the same day.

