
June 13.- The Eighty-third Ohio embarked and sailed.

June 14.- The Thirty-fourth Iowa and brigade headquarters sailed. The remainder of the brigade (Thirty-seventh Illinois and Twentieth Iowa) were detached at Mobile, Ala., by order of the corps commander.

June 16.- The One hundred and fourteenth Ohio arrived at Galveston.

June 18.- Brigade headquarters, Thirty-fourth Iowa, and Eighty-third Ohio [arrived].

June 20.- The Thirty-fourth Iowa and One hundred and fourteenth Ohio went by railroad to Houston, Tex., by order of General Granger, commanding District of Texas.

Third Division.

The entire Third Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, has rendezvoused at Mobile Point, Ala., during the month of February. No military or field operations as yet.

March 1.- At Mobile Point, Ala.

March 17.- Marched from Mobile Point via Shell Bank and Bayou Portage to Dannelly's Mills, on the North Branch of Fish River, forty miles, arriving there March 23, having to corduroy the road several miles between Bayou Portage and Fish River.

March 25.- marched north from Fish River.

March 26.- Encamped near Spanish Fort, Ala.

March 27.- The Army of West Mississippi invested Spanish Fort, this division holding the right of the Thirteenth Army Corps. Since then it has been engaged in the operations of the siege.

April 1 to 8.- engaged in operations before Spanish Fort, Ala., which was occupied at midnight of the 8th.

April 9.- Marched to Blakely.

April 11.- Returned to Starke's Landing; thence crossed Mobile Bay and encamped within the defenses of Mobile April 12.

April 13.- marched to Whistler Station, on Mobile and Ohio Railroad; had a sharp skirmish with the retreating enemy's rear guard; captured valuable machine-shops, locomotives, and rolling-stock and put the enemy to flight.

April 19.- Marched from Whistler on the telegraph road.

April 21.- Captured the Mount Vernon Arsenal, and arrived same day at Nannahubbah Bluff, on the Tombigbee River.

April 26 and 27.- Occupied McIntosh Bluff, on Tombigbee River.

May 1.- In camp at McIntosh Bluff, Ala.

May 9.- Embarked on fleet of steamers surrendered by the enemy and disembarked at Mobile same day. Since then the division has been encamped near Mobile, Ala.

June 1.- Seven regiments embarked for Brazos de Santiago. Remainder of the division stationed near Mobile, Ala., during the month.

Second Brigade, Third Division.

March 17.- The Second Brigade marched from Navy Cove, Mobile Point, Ala.

March 27.- If formed the center of the Third Division in the attack on Spanish Fort, The Third Brigade being on its right and the First Brigade on its left, which relative position it still [March 31] occupies.

March 27 to April 8.- This brigade was engaged in the siege of Spanish Fort; was present at the storming of Blakely, but did not part-

