
March 5.- The Second Brigade embarked with headquarters of division on steam-ship Guiding Star for Dauphin Island.

March 7.- Arrived at destination. The Third Brigade arrived the same day. The First Brigade had arrived and were in camp.

March 19.- The division embarked on transports pursuant to General Orders, Numbers 8, headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps. The Twenty-sixth Indiana and Thirty-third Illinois Infantry, assigned to division pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 60, headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, arrived from New Orleans, and part of the Thirty-third Illinois Infantry embarked with the division. The remainder remained for want of transportation. The Second Iowa Battery also remained behind.

March 21.- The fleet proceeded up the bay, entered Fish River, and debarked at Dannelly's Mills. One man belonging to the Eleventh Missouri Infantry fell overboard while en route and was drowned.

March 25.- The division marched with the remainder of the corps, the First Division marching in the advance. A small force of the enemy remained in front of the advance all day, skirmishing with them and annoying the march as much as possible. Colonel Marshall, Seventh Minnesota Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, received a slight wound in the shoulder from a flank shot of the enemy.

March 27.- In the morning Spanish Fort was invested, the Third Division on the right, the First Division on the left of the Third, and Thirteenth Army Corps on the left of the First Division. The fort being found too strong for an assault, a regular siege commenced.

April 8.- The division continued in the siege before Spanish Fort until midnight, when it was ascertained that the enemy had evacuated the fort, spiked the guns, and left them in our possession.

April 9.- The division marched to the siege of Blakely and took position in reserve of the Second Division, Sixteenth Corps. The same day the fort was carried by assault.

April 13.- In obedience to orders from corps headquarters the division marched in the order designated in orders in the corps toward Montgomery, Ala., arriving at the latter place after thirteen days marching.

April 25.- Went into camp four miles from the city.

May 10.- The division remained in camp near Montgomery, Ala., when, in obedience to orders from the major-general commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, it marched to Selma, Ala. The First Brigade was sent by rail immediately to Meridian; the Ninety-third Indiana was sent to Gainesville; also, the Ninety-fifth Ohio was sent to Enterprise. The Second Brigade was sent to Demopolis; the Eighth Wisconsin, of the Second Brigade, was left at Uniontown, and the Ninth Minnesota, of the same brigade, was sent to Marion. The Third Brigade is stationed at Selma.

[June.]- The military operations during the past month are concurrent with troops stationed at posts.

First Brigade, First Division.

February 6.- This brigade broke camp at Eastport, Miss., and embarked on steamer City of Memphis, the entire brigade, composed of the Seventy-second and Ninety-fifth Ohio Infantry, Ninety-third Indiana Infantry, and Tenth Minnesota Infantry, being transported on the one boat.

February 7.- The steamer left its mooring at Eastport and arrived at Vicksburg, Miss., February 14.

