
February 15.- In the morning the troops debarked and marched to Four-Mile Bridge, on the Baldwin's Ferry road, where the brigade encamped until the morning of the 19th, when it marched back to Vicksburg and again embarked on the steamer City of Memphis.

February 20.- The steamer moved from Vicksburg and arrived at Chalmette, La., near New Orleans.

February 22.- The troops debarked and are now bivouacked.

February 28.- A part of this brigade embarked on steamer Empire City near New Orleans, La., and proceeded down the river into the gulf of Mexico to Fort Gaines, Dauphin Island, Ala., where the troops debarked and bivouacked.

March 3.- It was joined by the Thirty-third Illinois Veteran Infantry and Twenty-sixth Indiana Veteran Infantry.

March 19.- The brigade embarked and proceeded up Mobile Bay and Fish River, debarking and bivouacking, March 20, near Dannelly's Mills, Ala.

March 25.- Marched with the remainder of the division in the direction of Blakely, arriving before Spanish Fort, Ala., the 27th, where it is now [March 31] taking an active part in the siege going on against the fortifications at this point.

[April.]- This brigade was engaged in the siege of Spanish Fort, Ala., until it was evacuated by the enemy on the night of April 8.

April 9.- The brigade joined that part of the army which was besieging Blakely, which place was carried by assault on the afternoon of the same day.

April 13.- The brigade started with the corps on the road to Montgomery, Ala., arriving on the 25th, a distance of 180 miles, where the brigade is now [April 30] encamped.

May 10.- This brigade, which had been encamped at Montgomery, marched to Selma, Ala., a distance of about fifty miles, arriving on the 14th instant.

May 16.- Embarked for Meridian, Miss., except the Seventy-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry and the Tenth Minnesota Infantry, having been sent the previous day.

May 19.- The Ninety-third Indiana Infantry was sent north on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad to Gainesville, Ala.

May 24.- The Ninety-fifth Ohio Infantry was sent south on the same line of railroad to Enterprise, Miss. The other regiments remained in camp at this place [Meridian].

[June.]- The brigade remained in camp at the posts occupied on May 31, except the Seventy-second Ohio Veteran Infantry moved west on Southern Railroad, regimental headquarters at Forest Station, Miss. The Twenty-sixth Indiana Veteran Infantry moved north on Mobile and Ohio Railroad, regimental headquarters at Macon, Miss. Troops of Ninety-third Indiana Volunteer Infantry withdrawn from Lauderdale and Gainesville Junction, Miss., and stationed in State of Alabama.

Second Brigade, First Division.

February 7.- Brigade embarked on transports and proceeded to Vicksburg, Miss., arriving on the 14th. Debarked and went into camp four miles from the city.

February 19.- Re-embarked on same steamers and proceeded to New Orleans, arriving on the 21st instant, and went into camp four miles below the city; distance traveled, 1,200 miles.

March 1.- The brigade was encamped at Chalmette, La.

