
March 5.- Embarked on steam-ship Guiding Star for Dauphin Island, Ala., arriving on the 7th instant; disembarked and went into camp.

March 19.- Embarked on transports and ascended Fish River six miles.

March 20.- Disembarked and went into camp and remained until the 25th, when it joined in the movement on Mobile.

March 27.- Arrived at or near Spanish Fort, Ala., and joined in the siege of the same, in which it is engaged at this date [March 31].

April 1.- The brigade was engaged in the siege of Spanish Fort, Ala.

April 9.- Moved to Blakely, Ala., and remained in camp at that place.

April 13.- Took up the line of march for Montgomery, Ala., arriving 25th, at which place the command is at present [April 30] encamped. May 10.- The brigade left Montgomery and marched, via Prattville and Autaugaville, to Selma, Ala., arriving on the 14th instant.

May 18.- Embarked on the cars and proceeded to Demopolis, Ala., the Ninth Minnesota stopping at Marion, Ala., and the Eighth Wisconsin at Uniontown, and the remainder of the brigade is stationed at Demopolis, Ala.

June 1.- The brigade was encamped at Demopolis, Uniontown, and Marion, Ala., at which places it is at present [June 30] stationed.

Third Brigade, First Division.

February 7.- Moved from camp at Eastport, Miss., and embarked on steamer Magenta.

February 8.- Moved down the Tennessee River with fleet of the First Division.

February 9.- At Cairo coating.

February 10.- Moved down the Mississippi River.

February 11.- At Memphis coating.

February 12.- Moved down the river.

February 13.- Landed at Vicksburg, Miss.

February 15.- Disembarked and marched five miles and went into camp on Jackson Railroad.

February 19.- Moved to Vicksburg and embarked on steamer Magenta.

February 21.- Landed at New Orleans.

February 22.- Disembarked and went into camp six miles below New Orleans at Chalmette.

February 25.- Moved into camp four miles below New Orleans.

February 28.- In camp as above preparing for a campaign in the field.

March 1.- In camp near New Orleans, La.

March 5.- Marched to Hickox Landing and embarked on transports.

March 7.- Debarked at Fort Gaines, Ala., Dauphin Island.

March 19.- Embarked on gun-boats.

March 20.- Debarked at Dannelly's Mills, Fish River.

March 25.- Marched with the army corps toward Mobile, Ala., eight miles, skirmishing with the enemy. Commanding officer of the brigade wounded severely by a gunshot from the enemy.

March 26.- Marched nine miles, skirmishing with the enemy.

March 27.- Drove the enemy into their works and invested the place. March 31.- fifth day of the siege of Spanish Fort, Ala.

April 1.- Engaged before Spanish Fort, Mobile Bay, Ala., the sixth day of the siege; brigade on hard duty at siege operations until the enemy evacuated on the night of the 8th.

