
April 9.- Moved across Minette River and encamped near Blakely.

April 13.- Marched with Sixteenth Army Corps toward Greenville, Ala.

April 21.- Encamped at Greenville, 135 miles from Blakely.

April 23.- Marched toward Montgomery, Ala.

April 25.- Entered Montgomery and encamped three miles from the city.

April 30.- In camp near Montgomery, Ala.

May 1.- In camp at Montgomery since April 25.

May 10.- Moved aboard transports and started down the Alabama River.

May 11.- Disembarked at Selma, Ala., and encamped near the city.

May 12.- Relieved Second Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, and entered upon post and garrison duty.

May 31.- On duty at Selma, Ala.

[June.]- Nothing of importance has transpired in this brigade since May 31. It has been encamped near Selma, Ala., during the entire month of June doing post duty.

June 28.- Companies E and F, of the Seventh Minnesota Volunteers, were sent to Cahaba, Ala., to form a garrison there under the command of Captain John Kennedy; on the same day Companies B and F, Thirty-fifth Iowa Volunteers, were ordered to Randolph, Ala., under the command of Captain A. N. Snyder, where they now [June 30] remain.

Second Division.

February 1 to 8.- The division remained in camp at Eastport, Miss.

February 8.- Embarked on transports and proceeded to New Orleans, La., arriving on the 20th, where it debarked on the 21st and remained in camp the remainder of the month.

Distance traveled on the transports, 1,350 miles.

March 6.- The division commenced embarking on steamers for Dauphin Island, where it arrived on the 10th and 11th, disembarking.

March 19.- Embarked and moved to Dannelly's Mills, Ala., where it debarked on the 20th and entrenched.

March 25.- Moved to Deer Park and entrenched.

March 26.- Moved northward till opposite Spanish Fort, and being in advance skirmished with and drove the enemy throughout the day.

March 27.- The army advanced to the siege of Spanish Fort, leaving this division as rear guard for corps train, where they still [March 31] remain.

April 3.- This division remained on duty in rear of the besieging army at Spanish Fort, when it moved toward Blakely, and in connection with forces under General Steele, invested the rebel fortifications at that place. For five consecutive days continued to advance by regular approaches.

April 9.- Charged the works at 5.30 p. m., capturing in a few moments the entire garrison with all munitions of war. During the siege and battle the casualties in the division were 47 killed and 150 wounded.*

April 13.- The command took up the line of march for Montgomery, Ala., where it arrived on the 25th.

April 27.- The division marched through the town and encamped two miles north of the city, where it now [April 30] remains.

---------------

*But see table, p. 113.

---------------

