
First Brigade, Second Division.

February 8.- The brigade, with the command, embarked and proceeded down the Tennessee, Ohio, and Mississippi Rivers to this place, traveling a distance of near 1,500 miles and landing at this point [New Orleans, La.], on the 21st instant, where the brigade now is. Up to the 11th instant the brigade was commanded by Colonel David Moore, since which time it has been under control of its present commander [Colonel John I. Rinaker].

March 6.- The brigade moved, in obedience to orders, on board transports, to Fort Gaines, on Dauphin Island, Ala., disembarking on the 10th.

March 19.- Embarked and moved up Mobile Bay and through Weeks' Bay, up Fish River to Dannelly's Mills, where we disembarked and threw up entrenchments.

March 25.- The brigade with the rest of the army moved some eight miles northward and entrenched for the night.

March 26.- Moved seven miles and halted opposite Spanish Fort.

March 27.- The brigade with the rest of the Second Division formed as a rear guard for the army corps train, while the balance of the army advanced to the siege. In this position the First Brigade is now lying four miles east of Spanish Fort. No casualties.

During the month the brigade has remained continually under the control of its present commander [Colonel John I. Rinaker].

Until April 3 the brigade continued on duty near Spanish Fort, Ala., doing picket duty for the rear of the besieging army.

April 3.- Moved four miles up the Mobile Bay, when, in connection with the forces under General Steele, we invested the rebel fortification at Blakely, Ala. For five consecutive days we continued to steadily advance our lines by regular approaches with but few casualties.

April 9.- We were ordered to move upon the enemy's works, which was done about 4 p. m. After a gallant charge, which lasted but a few moments, we, in connection with the rest of the army, succeeded in capturing the entire garrison with all their munitions of war. The casualties during the siege were 16 men killed and 54 wounded.*

April 13.- The command moved toward the north, arriving at Montgomery, Ala., on the 27th, where the brigade now is.

During the entire month the brigade has been under control of the present commander [Colonel John I. Rinaker].

Distance marched during the month near 175 miles.

During the month of May the First Brigade has remained continuously in camp near Montgomery, Ala., under control of its present commander [Colonel John I. Rinaker]. It is now [May 31] under orders to move.

June 1.- The brigade left Montgomery, Ala., with orders for Mobile. After marching a distance of near seventy miles to Providence, on the Alabama River, the troops were embarked on transports for the city of Mobile, at which place the last of the troops arrived on the 9th instant. The brigade has been in the city doing provost duty since that to the present time [June 30], and has remained under control of its present commander [Colonel John I. Rinaker].

---------------

*But see table, p. 113.

---------------

9 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

