
April 23.- Marched seventeen miles.

April 24.- Marched seventeen miles.

April 25.- Marched seven miles.

April 26.- Lay in camp.

April 27.- Marched seven miles, passing through Montgomery and encamping two miles northeast of the city, where the command now [April 30] lies in camp.

Whole distance traveled during the month 184 miles.

Third Brigade, Second Division.

February 9.- In compliance with orders from division headquarters, brigade embarked on transports at Eastport, Miss.

February 11.- Arrived at Cairo, Ill.

February 13.- Arrived at Memphis, Tenn.

February 15.- Arrived at Vicksburg, Miss. Disembarked and remained in camp until 19th, when brigade embarked again and arrived at New Orleans, La., 21st, remaining in camp since that date.

Distance traveled on transports during the month, 1,360 miles.

[March.]- The brigade left camp at Chalmette, near New Orleans, La., and proceeded by water to Dauphin Island, Ala., where the last regiment of the brigade arrived on March 11. Here the brigade remained in camp until the 19th instant, when it went on board boats and lay at anchor in the bay until the morning of the 20th instant, when we proceeded to Fish River; moved up the river a few miles and went into camp.

March 25.- In the morning we again broke camp and moved in the direction of Blakely, Ala.

March 27.- Went into camp near Spanish Fort, Ala., where we now [March 31] are.

April 1 to 3.- Brigade in camp near Spanish Fort.

April 3.- Moved to the vicinity of Blakely Ala.; engaged in the siege at this place until 9th, when the brigade participated in the assault of the enemy's works.

April 13.- Broke camp and started on the march for Montgomery, Ala., where we arrived on the 25th; distance, 174 miles.

[May.]- Brigade has been in camp near Montgomery, Ala., during the past month.

May 26.- The Fiftieth Indiana Veteran Volunteer Infantry was consolidated with the Fifty-second Indiana Veteran Volunteer Infantry in obedience to Special Field Orders, Numbers 67, extract XVIII, headquarters Army and Division of West Mississippi, Mobile, Ala., May 19, 1865. Five companies joined the Fifty-eighth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 78, headquarters Volunteer Recruiting Service, Springfield, Ill.

Third Division.

February 6.- This division remained at Eastport, Miss., when, in accordance with orders, it embarked on transports Adama Jacobs, Kate Kinney, Isabella, White Cloud, and McGill, and left that place on the 7th.

February 8.- Arrived at Paducah Ky., and Cairo, Ill.

February 11.- Arrived at Memphis, Tenn.

February 13.- Arrived at Vicksburg, Miss., where we disembarked and went into camp four miles in rear of the city.

