
February 19.- Division re-embarked on same transports.

February 20.- Left Vicksburg.

February 21 and 22.- Arrived at New Orleans; disembarked and went into camp on the old battle-field, six miles below the city, where it has remained up to date of this return.

Detachment Army of the Tennessee changed to Sixteenth Army corps per General Orders, Numbers 20, from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, of date February 18, 1865.

April 1.- In front of Spanish Fort; remained here until the 8th, when the works were assaulted on the right by the Third Brigade at 5 p. m., holding the position gained until 12 midnight, when the division moved forward and occupied the whole works, capturing 540 prisoners, 46 pieces of artillery, and 7000 stand of small-arms.

April 9.- Received orders to move; marched three miles; went into camp near Blakely; remained here until 13th, when orders were received to move; marched seven miles.

April 14.- Marched fifteen miles.

April 15.- Marched fourteen miles.

April 16.- Marched eleven miles.

April 17.- Marched fourteen miles.

April 18.- Marched fourteen miles.

April 19.- Marched fourteen miles.

April 20.- Marched fifteen miles.

April 21.- Marched thirteen miles; reached Greenville, Ala.

April 22.- Remained at Greenville all day.

April 23.- Marched sixteen miles.

April 24.- Marched seventeen miles.

April 25.- Marched eighteen miles; reached Montgomery, Ala., and went into camp three miles northeast of the city.

April 30.- Still in camp at Montgomery.

May 1 to 31.- In camp, First Brigade occupying Tuskegee, Union Springs, and Opelika, Ala., from Masy 23 to 31.

[June.]- First Brigade still encamped at Tuskegee, Ala. Second Brigade still encamped at Montgomery, Ala. Third Brigade still encamped at Montgomery, Ala. Colonel Geddes resigned; Colonel Charles Turner commanding brigade.

First Brigade, Third Division.

February 7.- Left Eastport on transports.

February 8.- Arrived at Cairo, Ill.

February 11.- Arrived at Memphis, Tenn.

February 14.- Arrived at Vicksburg, Miss.

February 19.- Left Vicksburg, Miss.

February 21.- Arrived at Chalmette, La.

March 15.- Brigade organized by Special Orders, Numbers 19, headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps, Fort Gaines, Ala.

March 18.- Received orders to be in readiness to move; embarked upon transports for Cedar Point, Ala.; arrived and debarked the infantry.

March 19.- Repaired the pier at the landing to admit of the artillery horses being taken ashore; completed the debarkation of the brigade and moved forward in the direction of Fowl River; skirmished with the enemy's cavalry until night-fall.

March 20.- Moved to Narrows, on Fowl River; skirmished with the enemy; drove them. This being as far as expedition was ordered to proceed, halted until 3 p. m.; moved back and encamped.

