
March 21.- In camp at Alabama Point awaiting orders.

March 22.- Embarked for Fish River.

March 23.- Rejoined the division.

March 24.- In camp.

March 25.- Moved at 8 a. m., encamped at Deer Park.

March 26.- Moved at 6.30 a. m.; encamped within two miles and a half of Spanish Fort.

March 27.- Moved at 6.30 a. m., Third Division in advance; formed line of battle at 8 a. m.; drove the enemy into his works and established our lines.

April 1 to 8.- Engaged in siege operations before Spanish Fort, Ala. Operations terminated here upon the night of the 8th by the capture of the fort by the Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, this brigade capturing 20 pieces of artillery, mortars, &amp;c., and 130 prisoners.

April 9.- Marched from Spanish Fort at 1 p. m.; encamped near Blakely, Ala.

April 10, 11, and 12.- In camp near Blakely, Ala.

April 13.- Broke camp and marched in a northerly direction.

April 21.- Arrived at Greenville, Ala.

April 22.- In camp at Greenville, Ala.

April 23.- Marched at 1 p. m.

April 24.- marched at 7 a. m.

April 25.- Marched at 6 a. m.; passed through Montgomery, Ala., at 11 a. m. in advance of the Sixteenth Army Corps encamped three miles east of the city. In camp at this time [April 30].

May 1 to 23.- In camp near Montgomery, Ala.

May 23.- In the morning marched the brigade toward Tuskegee, Ala.

May 25.- Arrived in the morning at Tuskegee. The Seventy-second Illinois, Lieutenant-Colonel Stockton, marched to and occupied Union Springs, Ala. The Ninety-fifth Illinois, Colonel Blanden, marched to and occupied Opelika, Ala. Engaged in keeping order and endeavoring to find Government property the balance of the month.

[June.]- The Thirty-third Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry and Forty-fourth Missouri Volunteer Infantry doing garrison duty at Tuskegee, Ala.

The Ninety-fifth Illinois Volunteer Infantry doing garrison duty at Opelika, Ala.

The Seventy-second Illinois Infantry doing garrison duty at Union Springs, Ala., during the month of June.

Second Brigade, Third Division.

February 6.- This brigade remained at Eastport, Miss., when, in accordance with orders, it embarked on transports Isabella, Adam Jacobs, and McGill, and left that place on the 7th.

February 8.- Arrived at Paducah, Ky., and Cairo, Ill.

February 11.- Arrived at Memphis, Tenn.

February 13.- Arrived at Vicksburg, Miss., where brigade disembarked and went into camp four miles in rear of the city.

February 19.- Brigade re-embarked on same transports.

February 20.- Left Vicksburg.

