
February 21 and 22.- Arrived at New Orleans, La.; disembarked and went into camp on the old battle-field six miles below the city, where it has remained up to the date of this return [February 28].

The Forty-ninth Regiment Missouri Volunteer Infantry was assigned to this brigade by Special Orders, Numbers 1, extract III, date February 23, 1865, from headquarters Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.

Detachment Army of the Tennessee changed to Sixteenth Army Corps per General Orders, Numbers 20, from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi.

March 15.- Organized per Special Orders, Numbers 15, headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps, Fort Gaines, Duaphin Island, Ala.

March 19.- Embarked on board transports for Fish River.

March 21.- Arrived and disembarked at Dannelly's Mills.

March 22.- Command engaged in fortifying our position.

March 25.- Took up line of march at 6 p. m.; arrived at Deer Park, Ala.; bivouacked for the night.

March 26.- Arrived at Sibley's Mills, Ala.

March 27.- Invested the enemy's works around Spanish Fort, Ala.

April 1.- Brigade engaged in the siege of Spanish Fort, Ala.; some few casualties occurred daily.

April 8.- Severe bombardment of the enemy's works at Spanish Fort. An assault on the enemy's works by a part of this division proved successful in a capture of a part of their line of works and the capture of upward of 200 prisoners, causing the enemy to evacuate.

April 9.- 1 a. m. Third Division took possession of Spanish Fort and its defenses, capturing a number of prisoners, arms, ammunition, &amp;c. At 11 p. m. took up line of march for Blakely; went into camp three miles east of this place.

April 11.- Received orders to be ready to march the 12th with twenty days' rations; orders countermanded same day, with instructions to be ready.

April 13.- Took up line of march; marched eight miles and went into camp.

April 14.- Resumed the march, destination Montgomery, Ala.

April 21.- Arrived at Greenville, Ala.

April 22.- Remained in camp to-day.

April 23.- Resumed the march to Montgomery.

April 25.- Arrived at Montgomery, Ala., and went into camp.

April 30.- Camped at Pintlala Creek, near Montgomery, Ala.

Third Brigade, Third Division.

March 1.- The brigade was organized by Special Orders, Numbers 60, headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, under which Colonel Charles Turner, One hundred and eighth Illinois Infantry, assumed command at Chalmette, La.

March 12.- The command embarked at Chalmette on board ocean steamer Guiding Star for Fort Gaines, Dauphin Island; was detained on the bar at the mouth of the Mississippi River until the 15th.

march 15.- Brigade was reorganized under command of Colonel James L. Geddes, Eighth Iowa Infantry Veteran Volunteers, by Special Orders, Numbers 19, headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps.

March 16.- Arrived at Fort Gaines and disembarked.

March 21.- Left Dauphin Island on board transports and moved up to the east side of Mobile Bay, and up Fish River about seven miles from its mouth.

