
March 22.- Landed.

March 25 and 26.- Marched with the army in a northerly direction toward Blakely, Ala., about twenty-five miles.

March 27.- The army, with this command in advance, moved on Spanish Fort; met the enemy at Minette Bayou at 8.30 a. m. Left one regiment to hold them in check and moved on the fort about half a mile away; drove the enemy into their works at 9 a. m., and during the night threw up strong works in our front; have since been constantly engaged with the enemy and at work pushing forward our works.

April 1.- The command was actively engaged in the siege of Spanish Fort, Ala., and continued to push forward and perfect their approaches and works until the evening of the 8th, when the command assaulted and carried the enemy's left, compelling him to evacuate all his works and leave in our possession forty-six pieces of cannon and a large quantity of small-arms, ammunition, stores, &amp;c. The command captured in the assault over 650 prisoners.

April 9.- Marched from Spanish Fort to near Blakely.

April 13.- Marched with the Sixteenth Army Corps for Montgomery, Ala.

April 25.- Arrived at Montgomery, and was detached from Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, and ordered to duty as garrison and guard of the city of Montgomery, on which duty it now [April 30] remains.

The command has been on duty as garrison and guard of the post of Montgomery during the whole of the past month [May], and are still on that duty.

May 24.- The command was reviewed by Brigadier-General Carr, commanding division.

May 27.- It was again reviewed with the division by Major General A. J. Smith, commanding Sixteenth Army Corps.

Artillery Brigade.

March 5.- The brigade embarked at New Orleans, La.

March 17.- Arrived at Dauphin Island, Ala.

March 24.- Again embarked and arrived at landing on Fish River, Ala.

March 25.- Marched with Sixteenth Army Corps.

March 217.- Arrived in front of Spanish Fort, and have since been engaged in operations against that place.

Forces operating from Pensacola Bay, Fla.*

March 1.- The command was organized and put in preparation for the field.

March 20.- The line of march was taken up from Pensacola on the Pollard road, and the army arrived near that place March 26. A detachment occupied the station, destroyed the railroad, and then the army moved toward Blakely, near which place it was on the last day of the month.

A detachment of cavalry under Lieutenant-Colonel Spurling went to Milton and Evergreen, joining the main body near Pollard. The railroad was destroyed by Spurling near Evergreen, two trains captured and 120 prisoners.

---------------

*Commanded by Major General Frederick Steele.

---------------

