
General Lucas met the enemy near Pollard, at Bluff Springs, under General Clanton; attacked them and utterly routed them, capturing 1 battle-flag and 120 prisoners, including General Clanton, who was mortally wounded.*

On the last day of the month the army was at Stockton, on the Tensas River, en route to Blakely, with orders to invest that place.

April 1.- This command arrived in front of Blakely, the cavalry (then attached to the command, under Lieutenant-Colonel Spurling) going in advance. Four miles from Blakely Spurling encountered a force of about 100 rebels on picket and charged them, capturing a battle-flag and 73 prisoners. The enemy was driven into his works, and on the morning of the 2nd the investment of the place commenced.

April 3.- Veatch's (First) division, Thirteenth Corps, was added to the force investing Blakely.

April 4.- General Steele's column was further increased by the addition of Garrard's (Second) division, Sixteenth Corps, which made the investment complete.

Regular approaches were made, and on the morning of the 9th, when the capture of Spanish Fort was announced, the lines were about 600 yards from the enemy's works. An assault was ordered to be made at 5 p. m., which was done in fine study, the entire line being captured in about thirty minutes. The results of the assault were, in brief, the capture of 39 guns and 3,300 prisoners.

April 10.- Veatch's and Garrard's divisions returned to their respective commands.

April 20.- This column embarked on transports for an expedition up the Alabama River, and arrived at Montgomery May 1 without any incident of importance.

First Division, U. S. Colored Troops.

April 1.- The division left Stockton, Ala., and arrived in front of Blakely, Ala., same evening.

April 2, a. m.- Advanced and drove the enemy inside their works, and assisted by Andrews' division laid siege to the place.

April 9.- Assaulted the enemy's works and carried his line in our front.

April 20.- Left Blakely and proceeded up the Alabama River to Montgomery, Ala., arriving at that place on the 30th instant.

June 11.- The division left Mobile, Ala., and proceeded by transports to New Orleans, La.

June 23.- The command embarked for Alexandria, La., where it arrived on the 30th instant.

First Brigade, First Division, U. S. Colored Troops.

June 11.- The brigade embarked on steamer White Cloud Numbers 2 at Mobile, Ala.

June 12.- Arrived at Hickox Landing, on Lake Pontchartrain; went into camp at Carrollton.

June 26.- Embarked on United States transports and proceeded up the Mississippi and Red Rivers to Alexandria.

June 29.- Arrived there and went into camp on the opposite side of the river at Pineville.

---------------

*General Clanton survived his wound.

---------------

