
and thirty-seven field guns. Ten siege rifles and five siege howitzers on our left center enfiladed the enemy's center and left, and four siege howitzers close in, near our extreme right, enfiladed the enemy's center. The Bay Minette battery bearing on Batteries Huger and Tracy contained on this date four 30-pounder and two 100-pounder rifles. The final bombardment from all these guns opened at 5.30 p. m. and continued till 7.30 p. m. During the bombardment a lodgment was effected within the enemy's line on his extreme left. At about midnight the entire fort was in our possession. Spanish Fort line had a development of two miles and an armament of about forty guns, seven of which were Coehorn mortars, two were 8-inch columbiads, four were heavy Brooke rifles, and the remainder siege and field guns. The development of the enemy's Blakely line was two miles and a half, and the armament between forty and fifty guns, principally field guns and howitzers.

The land investment of Blakely was completed on the 5th of April. On the 6th, in order to obtain command of the enemy's water communications with Mobile from Blakely, as well as Spanish Fort and Batteries Huger and Tracy, the navy having failed in this, I established a battery for two 100-pounder Parrott rifles on the spur immediately north of the head of Bay Minette.

On the 9th of April the 100-pounders not having arrived, four 30-pounder Parrott rifles were placed in this battery and opened fire on the rebel landing at Blakely and the rebel transports moving in Tensas River. On that day there were in position against Blakely twenty-four field guns, and against the rebel gun-boats, which were stationed so as to enfilade our right, at a point just above Blakely, four 30-pounder rifles. Early in the morning I asked for twenty-eight siege guns and sixteen siege mortars, and took immediate steps to place them in position against Blakely. At 5.30 p. m. the place was assaulted successfully.

On the 10th of April batteries were begun on the shores of Bay Minette 800 yards north of Bayou Minette for two 100-pounder and eight 30-pounder Parrott rifles against Batteries Huger and Tracy, which were still occupied.

On the afternoon of the 11th the 30-pounders opened fire, together with the battery built on the southeast shore of Bay Minette in connection with operations against Spanish Fort, on Batteries Huger and Tracy. At night of the same day the latter were evacuated.

I desire to refer particularly to the services of Bvt. Major General J. C. Palfrey, chief engineer, Thirteenth Army Corps, and Bvt. Captain C. J. Allen, Corps of Engineers, acting chief engineer, Sixteenth Army Corps, in front of Spanish Fort. The gallantry and professional skill displayed by them in conducting engineering operations on their respective fronts, and their energy and faithfulness in carrying out orders and instructions are worthy of unreserved commendation and substantial recognition. Chief engineers and acting engineers of corps and divisions did valuable service throughout the campaign. Captain Patton, of the inspector-general's department, volunteered his services to construct several batteries in front of Spanish Fort and on Bay Minette, and they were well appreciated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. D. McALESTER,

Brevet Major and Chief Engineer.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

