
either the court-house or our fortifications. If you have them to spare we would be pleased to have two companies of the Second Ohio Heavy and two pieces cannon; them we are all right here, but we will have to have cavalry to follow them and capture them. They burnt one stable and one outhouse and robbed all the houses in the outskirts of town.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

GEO. W. ROSS,

Lieutenant and Regiment Quartermaster.

Brigadier General DAVIS TILLSON.

ADDENDA.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., January 29, 1865.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. ROSS,

Quartermaster, Athens, Tenn.:

Your dispatch received. I congratulate you upon your success, but regret very much the capture of Major McGaughey. What were the casualties to the enemy, and among our forces?

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

ATHENS, January 29, 1865-7 p. m.

Brigadier General D. TILLSON:

We killed 12 or 15 and they took their wounded, some 30 or 35, off with them; some of them very badly. Our loss is some 15 or 20 prisoners and mules killed.

GEO. W. ROSS,

Lieutenant and Regimental Quartermaster.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Thomas A. Stevenson, Second Ohio Heavy Artillery.
HDQRS. FIRST BATT., SECOND OHIO HEAVY ARTILLERY,Knoxville, Tenn., February 3, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report; Early on the morning of the 29th ultimo I received orders to report at the depot with my command. Major Standish, Tenth Michigan Cavalry, ordered four companies of my battalion, Companies A, B, G, and M, to embark on the first section of the train, also fifty men under Captain Roberts, Tenth Michigan Cavalry, Major Standish to follow with Company I, Second Ohio Heavy Artillery, and a detachment of his regiment on the second section. I received instructions to run as far as Mouse Creek and wait for orders. At Loudon we learned of the disaster of the second section of the train. At Mouse Creek we took aboard a telegraph operator and proceeded to Athens, where we arrived at 2.35 p. m. The garrison, composed of a part of the Seventh Tennessee Mounted Infantry, about 500 men, were scattered through the town and country a greater portion of them having disappeared in the timber on the approach of the enemy the day previous and had not yet returned. At 3 p. m. Lieutenant-Colonel Grosvenor arrived from Chattanooga with 700 men and two pieces of artillery.

