
Numbers 7. Report of Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army, commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, of operations March 17-April 12.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mobile, Ala., April 24, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward the following report of operations during the interval from the 17th of March last to the 12th of the present month, inclusive:

Under orders from headquarters Army and Division of West Mississippi to move my command to Dannelly's Mills, on Fish River, the camps of the First Division, on Dauphin Island, and of the Third Division and First Brigade of the Second, on Mobile Point, were broken up March 17, the Third Division, Brigadier-General Benton commanding, and First Brigade of the Second, Colonel Bertram, marching on that day from Navy Cove, the First Division, Brigadier-General Veatch, crossing on the same day in transports from Fort Gaines, and marching from Navy Cove on the next. The command moved by the Fort Morgan and Blakely telegraph road, with ten days' subsistence, five days' forage, and 100 rounds of ammunition per man, four days' subsistence and fifty rounds of ammunition on the persons of the men, and with a train of 321 regimental, battery, and general supply wagons. Foust's battery of four guns, Company F, First Missouri Light Artillery, by special assignment, moved with Colonel Bertram's brigade, making, with the batteries of First and Third Divisions, five batteries in all with the column. The march was exceedingly difficult, the roads from Portage Creek to within a mile or two of the East Fork of fish River being of the worst possible description-the heavy rains of the 20th and 21st converting the country into a boggy swamp, over which it was not possible to move wagons and artillery but by the most persevering efforts of all officers and men combined. Too much credit cannot be given these for their labors.

Dannelly's Mills were reached by the brigade of Colonel Bertram, in advance, on the 22nd, General Benton's division arriving and going into camp on the 23rd, and General Veatch's division on the 24th, will all wagon trains and artillery in park, the command, except one brigade, crossing the river and camping upon its north side, the right resting upon it and in rear of the Sixteenth Army Corps. As the supply train of General Veatch's division was approaching Dannelly's Mills on the 24th the advance wagons were struck by a small party of guerrillas, the rear guard (a brigade) being at the time working the main body of the train over a bad piece of road. No wagons or stores were destroyed or injured. Eight teamsters and 14 animals, however, were captured. On the 25th the First and Third Division marched to Deer Park, distant eight miles, the Sixteenth Army Corps marching in advance, Bertram's brigade moving on the left by the bay road to Rock Creek. On the 26th these two division moved as a separate column toward Spanish Fort, bridging and crossing the two forks of D'Olive's Creek, and striking the skirmish line of the enemy thrown out from the fort about noon. Somewhat later in the day junction was made on the left with Bertram's brigade, which had moved up from Rock Creek by the bay road. On the road connecting with this brigade torpedoes had been planted by the enemy, from the explosion of which some slight casualties occurred. With trifling loss the skirmish line was placed within one mile of the enemy's works. Early on the 27th the Sixteenth Army Corps moved in

