
Division, which troops were detached from my command and marched from Pensacola with the forces of Major-General Steele. To him, therefore, I must leave the recognition of their services. Their gallantry and that of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews, commanding, was conspicuous in the assault at Blakely. The official reports of Lieutenant-Colonel Palfrey, chief engineer, and Captain Williamson, ordnance officer, are also forwarded and respectfully referred to. The service is indebted to Brigadier General James C. Veatch, Brigadier General William P. Benton, and Colonel Henry Bertram for whatever may be worthy of commendation in the conduct of their troops in the march and on the field. Deserving as these officers are, no higher praise than this could, in my judgment, be awarded them. To the officers and men, to name whom would be to name my entire command, the greatest acknowledgments are due. Continually on the march, in the trenches or upon fatigue, from the time of leaving Navy Cove to the taking of Mobile, they have deserved by their services every honor and reward that is to be attached to duty well and faithfully done. To the members of my staff-Lieutenant-Colonel Palfrey, assistant inspector-general and engineer; Lieutenant-Colonel Shipley, chief quartermaster; Major Emery, assistant adjutant-genera; Surgeon White, medical director; Captain Fox, chief of artillery; Captain Williamson, ordnance officer; Captain cobb, chief commissary, and Major Avery and Captain Sargent, my aides-de-camp- I am under great obligations. Their services, which unless mentioned in this place will remain without acknowledgment, deserve thus much at my hands.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GORDON GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS LAND AND NAVAL U. S. FORCES, Near Mobile, Ala., April 12, 1865.

Mayor SLOUGH,

Mobile, Ala.:

SIR: Your city is menaced by a large land and naval force. We deem it proper to demand its immediate and unconditional surrender.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

H. K. THATCHER,

Acting Rear-Admiral, U. S. Navy.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] MAYOR'S OFFICE, CITY OF MOBILE, April 12, 1865.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, and

Acting Rear Admiral H. K. THATCHER,

Commanding West Gulf Squadron:

GENTLEMEN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication at the hands of Lieutenant Colonel R. G. Laughlin, staff of Major-General Granger, commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, and Lieutenant Commander S. R. Franklin, U. S. Navy, staff of Admiral

