
want of system in procuring, issuing, and accounting for siege tools and materials was very observable. The want of a sufficient number of trained and experienced assistant engineers made the labor of those detailed severe, and retarded the work; while the want of any sapper troops as usual was severely felt and highly injurious to the army. The assistant engineers, Captain H. G. Palfrey, Ninety-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry; Captain Morton, Ninety-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry; Captain Van Lien, Ninety-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry; Captain A. Cannon, assistant engineer, Third Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, and Lieutenant A. Stauber, First Missouri Artillery, acting assistant Engineer, First Brigade, Second Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, were zealous and energetic in their arduous duties, and deserve credit for overcoming the difficulties of their position. Lieutenant Colonel R. G. Laughlin, Ninety-fourth Illinois Infantry, had charge of the trenches in front of the First Brigade, Second Division, and conducted the operations of that important position with much skill and energy. The officers of the Seventh Vermont Volunteers were zealous and interested in their work and their regiment, and the Thirty-Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers were much more efficient after becoming somewhat familiar with their routine and duties. The inclosed sketch gives appropriate positions of batteries with our works and the enemy's, from a hasty survey by assistant engineers of divisions.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN C. PALFREY,

Lieutenant Colonel and Asst. Insp. General, 13th Army Corps, Chief Engineer.

Major F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Thirteenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Blakely, Ala., April 11, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations before Blakely, Ala., in which the Thirteenth Army Corps was engaged:

On the 31st [30th] ultimo the First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, was ordered to leave the line before Spanish Fort without its batteries. On the 3rd of April it took position before the enemy's works at Blakely on the left of the center, between the Second Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, on the right, and the Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, on the left. Irregular parallels and approaches were immediately begun under direction of Captain W. J. Edwards, assistant engineer of the division, and gabions made. This was continued till the fall of the work. On the evening of the 7th instant a battery for two guns was begun at a distance of 700 yards, which was finished on the 8th instant and the guns bough in. A second battery was begun on the 9th instant, but was discontinued when the attack was determined on. The assault was ordered at 5.30 p. m. on the 9th of April. The First Division advanced with the eighth Illinois Infantry as skirmishers, supported by the Eleventh and Forty-sixth Illinois Infantry, under command of Brigadier-General Dennis. The second line was formed by the Third Brigade, Lieutenant-Colonel Kinsey, One hundred and sixty-first New York Infantry, commanding. The Eighth Illinois Infantry advanced over a distance of some 600 yards of rough and obstructed ground, drove the enemy's skirmishers, forced in their line from the works, were immediately supported by the other troops, and the portion in front of them was immediately carried.

