
enemy about 2 p.m. one mile and a half from Spanish Fort, which continued with occasional shots until 5 p.m., when, the lines being formed, the skirmish line was advanced, the Second Brigade on the right, the First Brigade in the center, and the Third Brigade on the left. At 6.30 p.m., the skirmish line of the First Brigade and Second Brigade advancing, a sharp skirmish ensued between the skirmish line of the Twenty-first Iowa and the enemy, which lasted but a few moments. It having become so dark that it was impossible to advance farther during the night, the line was halted, the reserves throwing up rifle-pits, the Twenty-first Iowa having lost 1 killed and 2 wounded. At 3 a.m. on the morning of the 27th the enemy advanced a strong skirmish line, which was promptly driven back, the enemy retreating within their fortifications. At 12 m. our lines were closed up, the division occupying the left center between the Third Division, Brigadier-General Benton's command, and the First Brigade, Second Division, Colonel Bertram commanding, the First Brigade occupying the right, the Third Brigade the left, and the Second Brigade being held in reserve. Loss during the day, 2 killed and 16 wounded. Tuesday, March 28, the entire night the troops were engaged in throwing up rifle-pits and making slow advances upon the lines of the enemy's works, the advance being made under a heavy skirmish fire and rapid discharge of artillery from the enemy's lines. The Seventh Massachusetts Battery was placed in position on the left of General Benton's division, which resulted in the enemy's being forced to close the embrasures in their front. The fire of the enemy's artillery was very heavy during the entire day, causing a great annoyance to the command. The Second Brigade, General Dennis commanding, relieved First Brigade, General Slack's, in the rifle-pits at 10 p.m. Wednesday, March 29, 1865, heavy firing on skirmish line and by the enemy's artillery, which was kept up during the entire day and night. Large details from the command were kept on fatigue duty building batteries. The Twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry lost 4 men killed and 9 wounded by the bursting of a shell from the enemy's guns. Total loss during the day, 4 killed and 11 wounded. At 12.30 a.m. of Thursday, March 30, 1865, the enemy made a sortie along my entire front, with the evident intention, of capturing the skirmish line, advancing even up to the skirmish pits, where they were handsomely repulsed, our skirmishers following the enemy as they retired. Advanced nearly 100 yards, which ground they held and entrenched themselves, the enemy keeping up a heavy fire of artillery and musketry. During the forenoon Captain J. T. Reed, of my staff, in transmitting some orders to the troops in front, was struck upon the leg by a piece of shell, producing a slight bruise; 5 men wounded during the day. At 3 p.m. I received an order to withdraw my division from the lines in front of the enemy's works, which was accordingly done, the entire division, with the exception of the Fourth and Seventh Massachusetts Batteries, being withdrawn by 8 p.m. The entire loss during the siege was 9 killed and 41 wounded.

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Thirteenth Army Corps.

