
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

April 13, 1865

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions received from headquarters Thirteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the march and operations of this command since leaving Navy Cove:

On the afternoon of March 18, 1865, marched four miles through deep sand of the Gulf beach; course, east southeast; camped at 6 p.m. for the night. Sunday, March 19, 1865, reveille at 5 a.m.; marched at 6 a.m.; marched twelve miles; course, east-northeast; crossed Shell Bank Bay about 11 a.m.; camped at 4 p.m. Monday, March 20, reveille at 5 a.m.; marched at 6 a.m.; marched eight miles; found the road impassable; retraced the route for the distance of four miles; camped for the night at 4 p.m. Tuesday, March 21, reveille at 5 a.m., but owing to the roads being impassable the command did not break camp, details of 1,200 men being sent forward to build corduroy roads; raining all day. Wednesday, March 22, reveille at 4 a.m. marched at 5 a.m.; crossed Mud Creek at 6.15 a.am., marching over three miles of corduroy made the preceding day and night, making five miles, the rear of the column making only three miles and a half. Thursday, March 23, struck tents at 5 a.m.; marched at 6 a.m.; made corduroy all day; went into camp at 2 p.m.; details making corduroy all night; marched one mile. Friday, March 24, left camp at 5 a.m.; marched thirteen miles; course northwest; crossed East Branch of Fish River at 10 a.m.; crossed the Main Branch of Fish River at 1.30 p.m. Command went into camp one mile west of the crossing, on the road leading to Deer Park, at 2.45 p. m. General Slack, commanding First Brigade, which was the rear guard, reported his train had been attacked by a small party of rebel cavalry. Lost 8 men prisoners and 14 mules. Saturday, March 25, marched at 12.15 p.m.; course northwest; marched seven miles and a half; camped at 5 p.m. Sunday, March 26, marched at 6.30 a.m., crossing both branches of D'Olive's Creek, First Brigade, General Slack commanding, in advance, Twenty first Iowa Infantry being advance guard. About 12 m. skirmish line advanced. At 2 p.m. met enemy about one mile and a half from Spanish Fort. Slight skirmishing until 5 p.m., when the skirmish line was advanced. At 6.30 p.m. sharp and rapid firing in front of Twenty-first Iowa. Enemy's line driven into the fort. Twenty-first Iowa lost 1 killed and 2 wounded, the skirmish line and reserves being halted until morning. At 3 a.m. on Monday, March 27, the enemy advanced a strong skirmish line, which was promptly driven back. The entire command under arms at daylight on the morning of the 27th. General Benton, commanding Third Division, moved up on our right. The enemy skirmished into their fortifications, and then closed up. Loss in First Division, 2 killed and 156 wounded. Tuesday, March 28. The evening of yesterday the command engaged in throwing up rifle-pits, and making slow advances upon the line of the enemy. Heavy skirmish firing all day. Seventh Massachusetts Battery went into position on the left of General Benton's line. A great amount of artillery firing. One man killed and 4 wounded. The command holding two brigades front in column of regiments with strong skirmish line from each brigade. Second Brigade in reserve. Second Brigade relieved the First Brigade during the night. Wednesday, March 29, heavy firing on skirmishing line and by enemy's artillery. Large details from the command building batteries during the day and night. Four men killed and 9 men wounded

