
in Twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry by a shell; 2 men wounded in Second Brigade. At 12 midnight enemy made a sortie along the whole front of my line, but were handsomely repulsed. An advance of the whole skirmish line was made, upon the enemy retiring, of about 100 yards. Thursday, March 30, heavy skirmish firing about daylight, and was continued until 8 a.m. Captain James T. Reed, of my staff, slightly wounded in leg by pieces of spent shell. At 3 p.m. received orders to withdraw my command from the line of investment and report to Major-General Canby for orders, who directed me to take charge of a supply train of quartermaster's and commissary of subsistence stores, and proceed to Holyoke, for the purpose of communicating with and supplying Major-General Steele's command. Proceeded about two miles on the Holyoke road and camped for the night. Five men wounded during the day. Friday, March 31, marched at 8 a.m., with train of seventy-five wagons loaded with supplies. Arrived at Holyoke at 12 m.; entrenched, encamped to await General Steele's arrival.

Saturday, April 1, Major McEntee, of General Steele's staff, came up from General Canby's headquarters with dispatch and an escort of cavalry. Lieutenant-Colonel Thornburgh, Fourth Tennessee Cavalry, with a command of about 1,000 men, reported to me, by order of Major-General Canby, who remained until 3 p.m., and then moved out for the purpose of attempting to make a connection and to communicate with the forces of Major-General Steele. At 6 p.m. heard firing in the direction of Blakely; sent forward a squadron of cavalry, which was in camp as an advance guard; immediately followed it with two regiments of infantry and a section of artillery. Marched about three miles, and everything becoming quiet, and the night becoming very dark, I returned to camp, which point I reached at 9 p.m. Sunday, April 2, at 6 a.m. received information of a party of rebel scouts. Sent out a party to capture them, who returned at 9 a.m. without being successful. The cavalry force of Colonel Thornburgh returned at 11 a.m. without hearing anything of General Steele. One battalion was sent at once with wagon train to Starke's Landing for supplies. The balance was sent by two different roads to meet General Steele's command. At 12 m. heard General Steele's command were investing Blakely. At 3 p.m. General Steele's train came for the supplies. At the same time the train sent at 11 a.m. to Starke's Landing returned empty, by order of Major-General Canby. Monday, April 3, at midnight received an order from General Canby to immediately march to the support of General Steele at Blakely. At 1 o'clock the entire column, with trains, &amp;c., was in motion. Crossed the bridge at Sibley's Mills just before daylight. Reported to General Steele, and was ordered to take position to the left of General Andrews' division in line of investment. At 3 p.m. was relieved by General Garrard's division. Moved back from front and went into camp as a reserve. Tuesday, April 4, remained in camp until 9 p.m., when the Second Brigade was sent to the front to occupy a vacancy in the line between the line of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews and Brigadier-General Garrard. Wednesday, April 5, nothing of any importance transpired during the day. At 9 p.m. the Third Brigade moved up to the support of General Hawkins' division. Thursday, April 6, the First Brigade relieved the Second Brigade in the rifle-pits; 1 man, Company C, Eighth Illinois wounded. Friday, April 7, the Second Brigade was engaged during the day in manufacturing gabions. The Thirtieth Missouri, of the Third Brigade, was similarly engaged in manufacturing them for General Hawkins' command. The Twenty-third Wisconsin Infantry was engaged in building

