
Wednesday, the 22nd, moved at daylight; traveled three miles and went into camp; employed the balance of the day in making roads. Thursday, 23rd, moved at daylight; traveled three miles, when we again struck the rear of General Benton's column. Went into camp and spent the balance of the day in drawing rations and repairing roads. Friday, 24th, left camp at 9 a.m.; took the rear of the division; was much delayed by the Third Division's train; had to help them through. About 3 p.m. of this day a squad of rebel cavalry made a dash at General Benton's train, close to our advance, and captured 8 of the drivers and 14 mules. Crossed Fish River and came up with the advance, and went into camp at 8 p.m., having made thirteen miles. Saturday, 25th, struck camp at 12 m., and moved nine miles to Deer Park and went into camp just at dark. Sunday, 26th, let camp at 7 o'clock in the morning and moved, with my brigade in the advance, and with the Ninety-ninth Illinois Regiment thrown forward as skirmishers. About 11 a.m. the Ninety-ninth Regiment was withdrawn because of its numerical strength being insufficient, and the Twenty-first Iowa, under command of Colonel Van Anda, deployed as skirmishers. Soon thereafter the advance opened the fight with the rebel pickets and pressed them to a point within a mile of Spanish Fort, where we encamped and threw up a line of works, with the advance protected by a skirmish line from the Twenty-first Iowa. Just at dusk this line was advanced about half a mile, driving in the rebel pickets, with the loss of 3 men of the Twenty-first Iowa-1 killed and 2 wounded. During the night relieved the Twenty-first Iowa with three companies from the Forty-seventh Indiana. At daylight this line was attacked by the rebel advance, and were temporarily pressed back, but in a moment advanced and drove the rebel line close up to their fortifications. The loss of the Forty-seventh Indiana in this skirmish was 2 killed and 5 wounded. At 11 a.m. advanced the whole line to a point within 800 yards of the rebel fort, and began the siege by way of throwing up fortifications and constructing rifle-pits. My command was relieved from the rifle-pits by a regiment from General Dennis' command. Wednesday, 29th, siege continued. Relieved General Dennis' command with the Forty-seventh Indiana. Thursday, 30th, my brigade was withdrawn from the siege, and with the other brigades of the division moved out two miles to escort a supply train and open communication with General Steele's column. Moved two miles out and went into camp. Friday, 31st, struck camp at 6 a.m. and moved northeast six miles to Holyoke. Went into camp at 1 p.m.; fortified our position and remained quiet.

Saturday, April 1, remained in camp until sunset, when firing was heard in the direction of Fort Blakely. Immediately General Veatch ordered me to move out with two regiments, when I detailed the Forty-seventh Indiana and Twenty-first Iowa, accompanied by one section of artillery. After moving two miles on the Blakely road firing ceased, quiet was restored; could learn nothing from the advance, and the command returned to camp. Sunday, April 2, formed junction with General Steele's command, and his train came to camp after supplies. At dark moved my whole brigade to Sibley's Mills, distance four miles and went into camp at 10 p.m. Monday, 3rd, roused camp at 3 a.m., and moved to the support of General Steele's line, and at daylight formed on the left of General Andrews' division, expecting an attack from the rebel forces at Fort Blakely. At 9 a.m. went into camp within supporting distance and remained during the day. Tuesday, 4th, remained in camp. Reconnoitered the enemy's skirmish line with

11 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

