
a small force from the Forty-seventh Indiana and Twenty-ninth Wisconsin Regiment, and fixed upon the line for the investment of Fort Blakely. Wednesday, 5th, remained in camp all day. Thursday, 6th remained in camp until night, at which time I relieved the Second Brigade with two regiments, the Forty-seventh Indiana and Twenty-ninth Wisconsin, from the rifle-pits in front [of] the rebel fortifications, and during the night constructed saps and advanced the trenches. Friday, 7th, relieved the two regiments of my command at night with the Twenty-first Iowa and Ninety-ninth Illinois, and continued advancing our lines toward the rebel works until the night of Saturday, the 8th, when my whole command was relieved from General Dennis' brigade, and before the men had reached camp the whole brigade was ordered by General Veatch to the support of General A. J. Smith's command, then investing Spanish Fort. At 10 p.m. moved out and marched three miles, when I received orders to move back to camp, which we reached at 2 a.m. greatly used up for want of rest and sleep. Sunday, April 9th, remained in camp all day recuperating from the effects of the forty-eight hours' excessive fatigue through which the command had just passed. At 5.30 p.m. an assault was made upon the rebel fortifications by our whole line and their works carried most gallantly, and the last work manned by the rebels for the defense of Mobile taken possession of by the Federal army. In the afternoon of Monday, April 10, moved camp two miles and remained there until Tuesday evening, April 11, when I received an order from General Veatch to strike tents and move down the bay to Starke's Landing, a distance of twelve miles, which we reached at 4 o'clock on Wednesday morning, and immediately embarked on board steamers for the west bank of Mobile Bay. Weighed anchor at 7 o'clock and moved up the bay to a point five miles below the city of Mobile, where we disembarked at 12 m. and marched up to the city, which point we reached at sunset and went into camp. Soon after going into camp was ordered to move my command through the city and take position on the north side, which was done, and went into camp at 10 p.m.

Thus terminated a very severe and highly successful campaign of twenty-six days, in which time perhaps more was accomplished than in any one campaign that preceded it of no greater length during a four years' war. During the whole time from leaving Navy Cove to the taking possession of the city officers and men performed their severe tasks of labor and fatigue most cheerfully, and for their gallantry and valor upon the several fields of battle are well entitled to the thanks of a grateful country. To Brigadier General J. C. Veatch, the commander of our division, for his bravery, cool and discriminative judgment, and his zeal in the work accomplished, the country is specially indebted, and with one accord all must exclaim, "Well done, thought and faithful servant." To the several members of his staff I feel under special obligations for their kind and gentlemanly deportment and the untiring energy thrown into every department of the task set before us, and which was so successfully accomplished. To the officers and men of my command I cannot say more than that every one did his whole duty without a murmur or complaint-always ready, and at the word forward never hesitated. To Captain M. D. Massie, my acting assistant adjutant-general, and to Lieuts. D. W. Curtis, of the Twenty-ninth Wisconsin, and N. Henry Kinne, of the Ninety-ninth Illinois, aides-de-camp, I am under special obligations for their zeal and untiring exertions in aiding me in the command of the brigade and discharging the various duties required. Copies of the reports of

