
regimental commanders, detailing the part taken by their respective regiments, are herewith submitted. The whole number of casualties during the campaign and investment was 23, as follows: Killed, 4; wounded, 12; missing, 7.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. R. SLACK,

Brigadier-General.

Captain R. G. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 13. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Asa C. Matthews, Ninety-ninth Illinois Infantry, of operations March 17-April 12.
HEADQUARTERS NINETY-NINTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Spring Hill, Ala., April 21, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to the following instructions-
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE FIRST DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Spring Hill, Ala., April 19, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. MATTHEWS,

Ninety-ninth Illinois:

COLONEL: You will please forward at once to these headquarters a detailed report of the operations of your regiment at Spanish Fort and Blakely, together with a journal of the march and operations from day to day, from the time of leaving Dauphin Island until you arrived at Mobile.

By order of Brigadier General James R. Slack:

M. D. MASSIE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

I have the honor to submit the following report:

This command left Dauphin Island on the 17th of March, 1865, crossed the bay to Navy Cove, and marched about four miles up the peninsula to a camp formerly occupied by Colonel Bertram's brigade. Here we remained until the 19th. On the morning of that day we broke camp early, and marched, I suppose, a distance of about fifteen miles. During this day's march we crossed a stream of considerable dimensions, called Oyster Bayou. The men got wet. We went into camp early. March 20, started out early and missed the road; marched back, and during the day marched a distance of not over four miles. March 21, during the most of this day it rained very hard. The men were very wet, and had to work at constructing bridges all day. March 22, marched about three miles and went into camp in line. Still at work making bridges. Came up with the train of Brigadier-General Benton, commanding Third Division, Thirteenth Army Corps. March 23, marched but about two miles to-day, and all hands went to work again. March 24, started early and got to Fish River and went into camp about 9 p.m. During the march the train of the division was attacked by some fifteen cavalry, and I had one man captured by the name of Bollman. March 25, we remained in camp at Fish River till about 11 a.m., when we marched to the front, a distance of some seven or eight miles and went into camp just at dark. March 26, the army moved out of camp in three columns; our division had the center, and this regiment had the advance of the division. We constructed bridges until about 2 p.m., when the skirmishers of the enemy were found.

---------------

*But see table, p. 110.

---------------

