
Our forces soon made a landing. In fact, my regiment was the second regiment to get ashore, and about noon of the 12th of April the Eighth Illinois occupied the city. The part this regiment took in the various movements that resulted in the evacuation of this place by the enemy and its occupation by our forces was not as prominent as I would have been pleased to have had it, but I am happy to state that in every instance we have performed the part assigned to us cheerfully and willingly, and I think promptly. The spirit of the men during the whole campaign has been splendid, and I have noticed with pleasure that when danger was supposed to be nearest at hand the men were all present and well closed up, ready for any emergency.

With assurances of consideration, I have the honor to be, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. MATTHEWS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain M. D. MASSIE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, First Div., 13th Army Corps.

Numbers 14. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John A. McLaughlin, Forty-seventh Indiana Infantry, of operations March 17-April 12.
HDQRS. FORTY-SEVENTH INDIANA VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Spring Hill, Ala., April 20, 1865.

SIR: In obedience to orders from headquarters First Brigade, First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Forty-seventh Indiana Veteran Volunteers in the operations at Spanish Fort and Blakely, together with a journal of the march from the time of leaving Dauphin Island:

On the morning of the 17th of March I received orders to embark my regiment on the steamer Mustang for Navy Cove, which point was reached at 1 p.m. of the 17th, where with but trifling delay the regiment debarked and marched a distance of three or four miles up the peninsula, going into camp for the night. March 18, lay in camp. March 19, received orders to move at 5 a.m., reaching an arm of Bay Bon Secours at 10 a.m., which was forded, the men wading. Went into camp at 5 p.m., having marched a distance of fourteen miles. March 20, broke camp at 5 a.m.; marched in rear of the brigades. Came upon the train of the Third Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, which was unable to move forward on account of the roads being impassable, about 9 a.m., when a halt was ordered and 200 detailed from the regiment, by order of General Slack, for the purpose of bridging, to enable the columns to pass over the swamps that lay in our way. After several hours' labor were enabled to move forward a distance of two miles, going into camp about dark, soon after which it commenced raining, and continued during the entire night. March 21, were engaged the entire day in bridging and getting trains forward. Detail of 100 men from the regiment relieved hourly during the day. March 22, moved at 4 a.m., going into camp at 12 m., having marched about four miles. Detail of 200 men to work at bridging. March 23, ordered to move at daylight. Marched three miles, bridging as before. March 24, moved at 6 a.m.; marched to Fish River, a distance of sixteen miles, with but little delay on account of roads, going into camp at 9 p.m. Lost three men, they being captured by guerrillas in a dash

