
made upon the train of the First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps. March 25, received orders to move at 12 m. Marched six miles, going into camp at dark. March 26, received orders to move at 6 a.m. After marching about eight miles the advance met the enemy's pickets, drove them, and went into camp in line of battle one miles from Spanish Fort, where fortifications were ordered to be thrown up, and Companies I, F, and C were thrown forward as pickets. The enemy advanced on the left gave way, allowing the enemy to advance upon the flank of the line occupied by the Forty-seventh Indiana, who seeing their situation formed in line and charged the enemy, regaining the ground and driving the enemy from the field, with a loss to the Forty-seventh Indiana of 1 killed and 6 wounded, 1 mortally, and who died on the 27th. On the morning of the 27th, at 10 a.m., moved forward in line of battle within a short distance of Spanish Fort, where fortifications were erected, and one company was thrown forward, by order of General Slick, as skirmishers, entrenching as they advanced. No casualties. March 28, were on the advance line; shelled by the enemy at regular intervals during the day, the skirmish line advancing about 100 yards. Casualties one man of Company E wounded while in the main line, not seriously. March 29, engaged in fortifying main line and advancing skirmishers, which the enemy attempted to check. Regiment ordered into line about 11 o'clock to support skirmishers. Remained under arms during the night. March 30, received orders and moved at 12 m. with supply train for General Steele's command. Marched three miles and encamped for the night. March 31, moved at 6 a.m., leaving regimental train behind. Marched six miles and encamped on Holyoke farm. Threw up fortifications.

April 1, remained in camp. April 2, remained in camp until 6.30 p.m., when we were ordered to move, reaching Sibley's Mills, three miles from Blakely, about 11 p.m. April 3, moved at 3 a.m. without knapsacks, taking position on the line at 8 a.m. Remained in camp during the day. April 4 and 5, remained in camp. April 6, remained in camp during the day, going to the advance trenches at 7 p.m. During the night advanced the trenches 100 yards, covering the entire front of the regiment. April 7, were relieved by the Ninety-ninth Illinois at 7 p.m. April 8, remained in camp during the day, and 7 p.m. received orders to move to Spanish Fort, but before reaching our destination the order was countermanded and we returned to camp, reaching it at 2 a.m. April 9, remained in camp during the day. April 10, moved camp about three miles. April 11, remained in camp until 7 p.m., when we received orders to move. Reached Starke's Landing at 4 a.m. on the 12th and embarked on the steamer Landis, landing at Magnolia Race-Course Pier at 12 m. Debarked at once in small boats principally, the pier being but a temporary fixture, over which but one rank was able to pass. Formed immediately after landing and moved forward with the brigade, entering the city of Mobile about 8 p.m. Marched through the city, encamping for the night, in the Mobile and Ohio Railroad Depot. During the campaign ending with capture of Mobile the officers and men of the Forty-seventh Indiana bore the part assigned them without complaint every man doing his duty to the entire satisfaction of his commanding officer.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McLAUGHLIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain M. D. MASSIE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, First Div., 13th Army Corps.

