
vicinity that a girl of Mr. Beeler's, living half a mile from Strearns' had passed down and met a rebel scout and gave them the strength of my command. I camped at Mr. Stearns', and being fully aware of an attack from the enemy on the evening of the 29th, I moved my command at 10 p. m. two miles southwest from Stearns' house, the position which I held at that time not affording my any cover, nor could I dispose my troops here to repel or make an attack successfully. Having moved under cover of wood I camped, and at 8 p. m. the 30th a woman came to my picket-post and reported that a number of the enemy, estimated at from twenty-five to thirty, arrived at Mr. Stearns' house at 4 o'clock the morning of the 30th; also that another detachment had passed on to the Powder Spring Gap, endeavoring to get in my rear, and at 9 a. m. the 30th the enemy commenced firing on my pickets. We exchanged occasional shots on picket posts for half an hour, the enemy endeavoring to divert my attention in this direction. Observing that they were sending forces on both sides of the mountain, trying to get possession of the only passage I now held, I ordered in my pickets and started with my command to gain this point before the enemy could arrive there. After proceeding about one mile, the charged my rear with about twenty cavalry. I immediately formed, repulsed, and drove them back. I then moved forward three-quarters of a mile, halted for a short moved forward again, skirmishing for about two miles, when the enemy again charged my rear, and as in the first charge I formed and again repulsed them, this time with my infantry, moving my cavalry on to hold a long deep, cut leading to the road and to keep the enemy from flanking me at this point. The skirmishing was kept up by the infantry until they came up with the cavalry. Knowing that the enemy were superior in numbers, and that they held the advantage of position, and that with the force I had I could not inflict any damage upon them, my troops being very much jaded and worn, I returned to camp on the evening of the loss of a man. The loss of the enemy was 2 men killed and 1 wounded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DON A. DODGE,

First Lieutenant, Tenth Michigan Cavalry Volunteers.

Major DANIEL W. HOFFMAN,

Second Ohio Heavy Artillery, Commanding Post.

JANUARY 29, 1865.-Affair at Danville, Ky.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Edward H. Hobson, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Captain William L. Gross, Assistant Quartermaster, Assistant Superintendent U. S. Military Telegraph.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Edward H. Hobson, U. S. Army

LEXINGTON, KY., January 30, 1865.

Thirty-five guerrillas, under Captain Clarke, all dressed in Federal uniform and claiming to belong to Fourth Missouri Cavalry, entered

2 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

