
brigade and his staff officers, Captain Massie and Lieutenants Curtis and Kinne, I am under many obligations for their uniform kindness and courtesy.

I have the honor to remain, captain, your obedient servant,

S. G. VAN ANDA,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain M. D. MASSIE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 16. Report of Lieutenant Henry C. Hadley, Adjutant Twenty-ninth Wisconsin Infantry, of operations March 17-April 12.
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH WISCONSIN INFANTRY VOLS.,Mobile, Ala., April 20, 1865.

SIR: On the afternoon of the 17th of March loaded on steamer Iberville and crossed over to Fort Morgan. Marched out four miles and encamped. March 18, remained in camp. March 19, started at 5.30 a.m.; marched about eight miles, forded bayou, and marched seven miles farther; camped at 4 p.m. March 20, started at 5 a.m.; marched about five miles, when it was found that we were on the wrong road; turned back; marched about three miles; struck the corduroy and went into camp. Remained here about two hours; again struck camp; moved two miles and encamped. Had a detail to work on the roads this evening. March 21, heavy rain all day; did not move camp; worked on roads all day. March 22, broke camp and commenced march at 6 a. m.; marched nearly four miles and encamped; worked on roads the balance of the day. March 23, started at daylight; marched about two miles and encamped; corduroyed the remainder of the day. March 24, started at 7 a.m.; made slow progress until 2 p.m., when the train was attacked by rebel cavalry. Two men of regiment were taken prisoners. Crossed Fish River at 6 p.m. and camped about two miles on western side. March 25, commenced march at 2 p.m.; marched about six miles and encamped. March 26, started at 7 a.m., our regiment in rear of train. About 1 o'clock ordered to the front and formed line of battle one mile distant from Spanish Fort. About all the regiment was on picket duty this evening. March 27, the picket-line was attacked early this morning. About 12 m. moved up and invested Spanish Fort,losing 1 man killed and 1 wounded on the picket-line in the evening. March 28, had fatigue party from the regiment at work building fortifications all day. March 29, lay still in camp. March 30, about noon left the front; marched to the rear four miles and encamped. March 31, started at 8 a.m.; marched about seven miles to Holyoke farm as guard to supply train for General Steele, and went into camp.

April 1, remained in camp all day, doing nothing but picket duty. April 2, ordered to move at noon; had not fairly got started before the orders were countermanded. At dark ordered out again and moved about four miles toward Blakely; halted at 12 o'clock for the night. April 3, at 3.30 a.m. started in light marching order to support General Steele, whose forces were investing Blakely. Marched three miles and encamped at 8 a.m. April 4, remained in camp. April 5, alarm on picket-line this morning. Remained in camp all day. April 6, at 7 p.m. relieved the Eleventh Illinois Volunteers in rifle-pits; worked all

