
night advancing the lines. April 7, relieved from duty in the pits at 7 p.m. by Twenty-first Iowa Volunteers and returned to camp. April 8, at 9 p.m. the First Brigade ordered to report to General Smith at Spanish Fort; marched about three miles and then returned to camp. Received information of the evacuation of the place. April 9, the works at Blakely were charged and captured at 5 p.m. The First Brigade did not participate. Received orders this evening to have five days' cooked rations on hand and be in readiness to move at a moment's notice. April 10, at 9 a.m. moved to the right and rear of lines about four miles and encamped. April 11, at 7 p.m. commenced march; reached Starke's Landing at 2 a.m., and immediately embarked on Gun-boat Numbers 41. April 12, at 10 a.m. moved across the bay, and at 12 m. landed at Magnolia Course Landing, a distance of five miles below Mobile. At 3 p.m. the regiment received orders to report to the provost-marshal, and since that time has been doing duty in the city.

H. C. HADLEY,

Adjutant Twenty-ninth Wisconsin.

Captain M. D. MASSIE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, First Div., 13th Army Corps.

Numbers 17. Reports of Brigadier General Elias S. Dennis, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations March 26-April 12.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, April 10, 1865.,

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following brief report of the part taken by my command in the assault on the enemy's works at Blakely, Ala., April 9, 1865:

In the afternoon of that day I was notified by the general commanding the division that our lines would be advanced, and an effort made to carry by assault the works on our front, 5 p.m. being the hour named. At 5 p.m. my command was moved to the front. The Twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry had been occupying the advance line of rifle-pits for the proceeding twenty-four hours, and the Eighth Illinois Infantry the reserve line as a support to the Twenty-ninth. Just previous to the advanced being made, the Twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry was withdrawn from the front line. The Eighth Illinois Infantry advanced and occupied the advance line, and at the same time the Eleventh and Forty-sixth Illinois Infantry advanced and occupied the line vacated by the Eighth, the Forty-sixth for support on the right, the Eleventh on the left. My instructions to Colonel Sheetz, commanding the Eighth, were, that as soon as the lines on his flanks commenced moving he should move forward with them, and the Eleventh and Forty-sixth Illinois would follow at a proper distance. At the hour before named the advance commenced handsomely under a galling fire of artillery from the enemy's batteries, and after gaining about half the distance were received by a withering fire of musketry from the enemy's infantry concealed behind his works. In front of and running parallel with the works were several lines of abatis, and a wire was also stretched a few inches from the ground for the purpose of tripping the men; yet, notwithstanding all these obstacles, the troops pressed onward, and in less than five minutes from the time of starting the Eighth Illinois Infantry was scaling the works and going through the embrasures,

