
ADDENDA.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS,Mobile, Ala., April 22, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from the major-general commanding, I have the honor to submit the following brief journal, being the events of each day from the time of leaving Dauphin Island until the occupation of Mobile, Ala.:

On the 17th of March marching orders were received, and in consequence of the limited supply of transportation my command did not embark until late in the afternoon, reaching Navy Cove at dark, where I disembarked and went into camp for the night on the beach. 18th, broke camp at 8 a.m., and moved along the Gulf beach and went into camp about four miles from Navy Cove. Had a pleasant camp and found good water in abundance. 19th, reveille sounded at 4 a.m. and the column moved at 6 a.m., and owing to the dense fog it was still dark. About 10 a.m. the fog cleared away and the sun came out bright and warm, and by 12 m. it was uncomfortably warm. Crossed Shell Bayou, which justly deserves the name from the great quantity of oyster shells here to be found. A halt was here ordered and the troops made coffee and had dinner. Went into camp at 4 p.m., having made a march of sixteen miles. 20th, reveille again sounded at 4 a.m. Column moved at 6 a.m., m y command in advance. The weather bright and beautiful, men in good spirits and moved off briskly. After marching about two miles, struck the rear of General Benton's column (he having left Navy Cove one day in advance of us), took the wrong road, and after marching about four miles, discovered the fact. Returned to the old road and went into camp. Rained very hard until after dark. 21st was occupied in building corduroy across a swamp which we had to cross. 22nd, revelled at 4 a.m. Column moved at 6 a.m. Made but a few miles, owing to the terrible condition of the roads. 23rd, column moved at 6 a.m. Made but a short march, the roads being almost impassable. 24th, started at daylight; weather fine, but roads terrible. Reached Fish River about noon. Crossed on pontoon bridge and went into camp in rear of General A. J. Smith's corps. 25th, rations and forage were issued, which occupied all of the morning. Column started about 1 p.m. Country being more rolling, the roads were very good. Made a good march and went into camp about 5 p.m. 26th, started at 6 a.m. A march of about ten miles brought us to the neighborhood of Spanish Fort. Found the enemy in our front. Skirmishing commenced; lines were formed and works thrown up along our front. 27th, opened with heavy skirmishing. Our lines were driven back, but rallied and retook the lost ground. Remained in camp until 12 m., when the order was given to advance on the enemy's works. The enemy fell back behind his fortifications and the siege of Spanish Fort commenced in earnest. 28th, the skirmishing having slackened during the night previous, commenced with renewed vigor this morning, accompanied with a heavy artillery fire from both sides, which continued through the day. 29th, opened with the usual artillery and musketry fire, which continued uninterrupted through the day. 30th, position same as that of the 29th, until 12 m., when marching orders were received and my command moved with the division as escort to supply train for Major-General Steele. Encamped for the night but a few miles from the point of starting. 31st, broke camp and moved to Holyoke, about five miles from Blakely. Threw up works in our front and went into camp.

