
April 1, position same as that of yesterday. About dark heavy firing in our front. First Brigade went out, but found no enemy. 2nd, still in camp. Cavalry communicated with General Steele. His supply train came in and loaded with rations. 3rd, remained in camp until midnight, when we moved to Blakely, Ala., reaching that point about daylight. 4th, advanced to a point near the enemy's works, where the troops bivouacked until 12 m., when we went into camp. Skirmishing and artillery firing during the afternoon and night. 5th, in camp. The usual artillery and musketry firing through the day. 6th, position same as that of yesterday. 7th, weather cloudy, with rain. Troops busy making gabions. Artillery is being placed in position. 8th, weather continues cloudy, with rain. In the old camp. 9th, all quiet until 5.30 p.m., when the enemy's works were charged and carried. Most of the night was occupied in gathering up spoils and prisoners. Returned to camp about 2 a. m. 10th, broke camp and marched northward about five miles. Went into camp about 12 m. 11th, remained in camp until 6 p.m., when marching orders were received. After marching until 3 a.m., reached Starke's Landing on the bay; embarked on steamers and anchored in the bay until morning. 12th, under convoy of six war vessels, got under way, steamed across the bay and landed at Catfish Point, about three miles below Mobile. Troops disembarked and started for the city. After proceeding but a short distance, met the mayor and committee with flag of truce, and, on a demand from the general commanding, a formal surrender of the city was made. The Eighth Illinois Infantry advanced and took possession of the town; remaining troops encamped in the suburbs. The enemy's cavalry, having made a dash in the city, capturing several men, my command was ordered to occupy the enemy's old line of works on the west side of the city. The above is a brief sketch of the events of each day from the 17th of March, 1865, until the 12th day of April, 1865, I have the honor most respectfully to submit.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELIAS S. DENNIS,

Brigadier-General.

Captain R. G. CURTIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. EIGHTH ILLINOIS VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,In the Field, April 10, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my command in the assault on the works at Blakely on the evening of the 9th instant, viz:

In accordance with orders from Brigadier-General Dennis, commanding the brigade, my regiment took position in the rifle-pits of the skirmish line in our extreme front, the men deployed in one rank, covering a front of about 400 yards, and distant from the enemy about 600 yards. In accordance with previous instructions, as soon as the troops on my left advanced I advanced my entire line under a very severe fire from the enemy's artillery and infantry. To reach the enemy's works it was

