
necessary to cross three distinct lines of abatis, situated, respectively at about 300 yards, 250 yards, and 100 yards from the enemy's works. At the second line of abatis there were a number of disconnected pits or trenches filled with the enemy's skirmishers. These pits were carried and the skirmishers killed or captured. Between the lines of abatis were drawn lines of wire parallel with the enemy's works. The lines of abatis were passed either by springing over them or drawing portions of the line to one side. During this time the enemy received us with a direct fire from four pieces of artillery, viz, one 30-pounder Parrott, one 10-pounder Parrott, and two 12-pounder howitzers, rapidly served with shell and canister. The infantry posted behind their works kept up a galling fire of musketry. From the salient of the enemy's works on our right a constant fire of artillery was kept up from a number of pieces, the number and caliber of which I am unable to state, as I did not visit that portion of the line. In about five minutes after the charge commenced my line ascended the parapet of the enemy's works, capturing the four pieces of artillery and quite a number of infantry. The advance of my line, which was somewhat irregular from the difficult nature of the ground, entered the enemy's works at least two minutes before the troops either upon my right or left effected a lodgment. Lieutenant Colonel Loyd Wheaton and Sergt. John M. Switzer, Company B, entering the embrasure at the 30-pounder, were the first of my command to enter the enemy's works.

As soon as my command had carried the works in my front I reformed my line, throwing skirmishers forward to the river bank, and, soon after, under instructions from Brigadier-General Dennis, I marched my command to the landing at the river, taking possession of three 9-inch guns, two Coehorn mortars, a number of arm chests full of muskets, many thousand rounds of ammunition for small arms, and a magazine containing a vast quantity of ammunition for heavy guns. Much property, consisting of mules, wagons, tents, &amp;c., was also captured, an inventory of which was taken by Captain Kuhn, assistant adjutant-general of the brigade. My loss during the charge was 10 killed and 54 wounded, a list of which casualties has already been forwarded. Among the severely wounded was Captain Alexander Coleman, Company F, who after having been brought to the ground waved his sword and continued to cheer his men on. Lieutenants Sanderson, Company G; Potter, Company H, and Harrington, Company F, were among the severely wounded. The conduct of the entire command was highly gratifying. I desire to especially mention the conduct of Lieutenant Colonel Loyd Wheaton and Sergt. John M. Switzer, Company B, who behaved throughout with much gallantry and were the first to gain the parapet of the enemy's works.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSIAH A. SHEETZ,

Colonel Eighth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM E. KUHN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, First Div., 13th Army Corps.

MOBILE, ALA., April 22, 1865.

Report of operations at Spanish Fort and Blakely, Ala.:

On the 26th day of March, 1865, at 4 p.m., my command was ordered by Brigadier-General Dennis to a position in line of battle about one mile and a half from Spanish Fort. Skirmishers were thrown forward, with orders to move in a line with skirmishers on my left. After dark

