
my skirmish line had reached a point far in advance of the position held by the regiment, and exchanged a few shots with the enemy. During the night entrenchments were thrown up along the front of my line. At 11 a. m. of the 27th the regiment marched to a position near the left of the line of investment. Here, during the 27th, and 29th, my command remained, furnishing details for fatigue duty in the trenches. On the 28t had 1 man killed and 3 wounded while at work on the fortifications. On the 30th of March, at 1 o'clock, marched to the rear on the Blakely road with four days' rations. At Blakely at 7 a.m. on the 3rd day of April, 1865, my command was marched to a position near the left of the line of investment. At noon went into camp. The 4th of April was spent quietly in camp. At 11 p.m., by direction of Brigadier-General Dennis, I marched my command to a position on the skirmish line and there entrenched. During the following day my skirmishers kept up a lively fire upon the enemy's gunners. April 6 and 7 were passed in camp. At 7 p.m. April 8 my command was again ordered to the skirmish line by the brigade commander. During the night and until 5 o'clock of the following day my regiment was engaged in skirmishing and extending the saps toward the enemy's works. At 5.30 o'clock, in accordance with instructions from Brigadier-General Dennis, commanding the brigade, my regiment took position in the rifle-pits of the skirmish line in our extreme front, the men deployed in one rank, covering a front of 400 yards, distant from the enemy about 600 yards. In accordance with previous instructions, as soon as the troops upon the left of my line advanced, my entire command [moved forward] under a very severe fire from the enemy's artillery and infantry. To reach the enemy's works it was necessary to cross three distinct lines of abatis, situated, respectively, 300, 250, and 100 yards from the enemy's works. At the second line of abatis there were a number of disconnected pits or trenches filled with the enemy's skirmishers. These pits were carried and the skirmishers killed or captured. Between the lines of abatis were drawn lines of wire running parallel with enemy's works. The lines of abatis were passed either by springing over them or by drawing portions of the line to one side. During this time the enemy received us with a direct fire from four pieces of artillery, viz, one 30-pounder Parrott, one 10-pounder and two 12-pounder howitzers, rapidly served with shell and canister. The infantry posted behind their works kept up a galling fire of musketry. From the salient of the enemy's works on our right a constant fire of artillery was kept up from a number of pieces, the number and caliber of which I am unable to state, as I did not visit that portion of the line. In about five minutes after the charge commenced my line ascended the parapet of the enemy's works, capturing the four pieces of artillery and [quite a number of] infantry. The advance of my line, which was somewhat irregular from the nature of the ground, entered the enemy's works at least two minutes before the troops upon my right or left effected a lodgment. Lieutenant Colonel Loyd Wheaton and Sergeant Switzer, Company B, entering the embrasure at the 30-pounder Parrott, were the first of my command to enter the enemy's works.

As soon as my command had carried the works in my front I reformed my line, throwing skirmishers forward to the river-bank, and, soon after, under instructions from Brigadier-General Dennis, I marched to the landing at the river, taking possession of three 9-inch guns, two Coehorn mortars, a number of arm chests full of muskets, many thousand rounds of ammunition for small-arms, and a magazine containing a

12 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

