
vast quantity of ammunition for heavy artillery. Much property, consisting of mules, wagons, tents, &amp;c., was also captured, an inventory of which was taken by Captain Kuhn, assistant adjutant-general of the brigade. My loss during the charge was 10 killed and 54 wounded, a list of whom has already been forwarded. Among the severely wounded was Captain Alexander Coleman, Company F, who after having been brought to the ground continued to wave his sword and cheer his men on. Lieutenants Sanderson, Company G; Potter, Company H; Harrington, Company F, were among the severely wounded. The conduct of the entire command was highly gratifying. I desire to especially mention the conduct of Lieutenant Colonel Loyd Wheaton and Sergt. John M. Switzer, Company B, who behaved throughout with much gallantry, and were the first to gain the parapet of the enemy's works.

JOSIAH A. SHEETZ,

Colonel, Commanding Eighth Illinois Infantry.

ADDENDA.

Journal of march from Dauphin Island, Ala., to Mobile, Ala.

MOBILE, ALA., April 22, 1865.

The regiment left Fort Gaines about 4 p.m. on the 17th day of March, 1865, on board the steamer Swaim, and landed at Navy Cove at dark.

March 18.-Left Navy Cove at 8 a.m.; marched four miles and at noon halted and camped.

March 19.-Broke camp at 6 a.m.; marched ten miles and camped. At noon waded a small arm of the bay about seventy-five yards wide.

March 20.-Marched at 4 a.m. At a distance of three miles came to a swamp. Endeavored to shun it by making a detour to the right. Marched about four miles and returned, having found no passage in that direction. Went into camp about noon. A heavy detail was made to aid in constructing corduroy road through swamp.

March 21.-Rain through last night and until noon to-day. Large parties detailed to work on corduroy roads.

March 22.-At daylight moved from camp. Throughout the day found the roads nearly impassable, owing to the nature of the soil and recent rains. The entire regiment was employed in assisting the wagons through the heavy places and in repairing roads. Only about four miles distance made to-day.

March 23.-Roads continue heavy. Great labor required on the part of the infantry to get the trains along. Marched about two miles and went into camp at noon.

March 24.-Marched at daylight. Roads much better, country higher and hilly. Passed through a region where much turpentine had been made. At 1 p.m. reached Fish River; crossed river and camped about two miles beyond. Distance marched, about seven miles.

March 25.-Moved from camp at 1 p.m.; marched eight miles and camped. Roads good, weather clear.

March 26.-Started at 7 a.m.; marched about eight miles and camped about one mile and a half from Spanish Fort. Advance exchanged a few shots with the enemy here. During the night entrenched.

March 27.-The troops moved up toward the fort, and some severe skirmishing ensued, with much artillery firing. At 11 a.m. the regiment marched toward the left of the line of investment. Rain until dark.

March 28.-Our skirmish line closely engaged through the day. Fatigue parties at work on the trenches, &c. Much shelling from the enemy.

