
March 29.-Skirmishing and artillery practice severe all day. Heavy fatigue parties in the works. At dark 1 man killed and 3 wounded of the regiment while engaged in throwing up earthworks for a battery. Late at night the enemy attempted to drive in or capture the pickets in front of this division.

March 30.-At 1 p.m. marched with four days' rations to the rear. At a distance of three miles camped for the night.

March 31.-Left camp at 7 a.m. and marched on the road leading to Blakely via head of D'Olive's Bay. At a distance of about seven miles halted and threw up entrenchments in front of line. This at noon.

April 1.-Remained in camp during the day.

April 2.-A supply train from General Steele's army came in this evening, and after having been loaded with subsistence stores returned to Blakely.

April 3.-At midnight last night broke camp and proceeded to the neighborhood of General Steele's lines near Blakely, distance about five miles. At 9 a.m. marched to a position near the left. At noon went into camp a short distance to the rear of the line of entrenchments.

April 4.-Quietly in camp during the day. At 11 p.m. were ordered to the front to a position on the skirmish line, and there entrenched.

April 5 was passed in the trenches and rifle-pits. One man wounded during the day. At 9 p.m. were relieved, and returned to camp.

April 6.-In camp all day.

April 7.-In camp all day. Rain in the afternoon.

April 8.-In camp all day. At 7 p.m. ordered to the trenches and skirmish line. Engaged throughout the night in the works.

April 9.-In the trenches during the day, skirmishing and extending the saps. At noon the colonel commanding was instructed to keep a sharp watch of the lines on the left, and to keep advanced with them. At 5.30 p.m. he was ordered to move forward and assault the works of the enemy in the immediate front of the regiment. The assault was made promptly at the order, and successfully executed. In this 10 men were killed and 54 wounded. The distance charged over was about 600 yards, and occupied, it seemed, about five minutes. Four pieces of artillery were in our front and were captured, besides a large number of prisoners. After clearing the enemy's works the regiment proceeded to the landing, and, under orders from the brigade commander, took possession of and placed guards over a vast amount of ordnance and other stores. At midnight the regiment marched out of Blakely and returned to the camp.

April 10.-About 9 a.m. marched in a northerly direction four miles, and at noon went into camp.

April 11.-In camp all day. At dark broke camp, and returning, marched on the military road from Blakely to Spanish Fort, and thence to landing below Spanish Fort, a distance of about ten miles, arriving at landing at 2 a.m. of the 12th.

April 12.-At 3 a.m. marched on board transport Lawrence, and at 7 o'clock sailed across the bay to a point of land about four miles from Mobile City. The regiment was the first to land. After forming in line, and after the arrival of other troops, proceeded toward the city, entering the same about noon.

JOSIAH A. SHEETZ,

Colonel, Commanding Eighth Regiment Illinois Infantry.

