
Numbers 19. Report of Colonel James H. Coates, Eleventh Illinois Infantry, of operations March 26-April 12.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY,In the Field, March 30, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In reply to your communication of this a.m. I have the honor to respectfully report that a detachment of this regiment, consisting of Companies A, B, C, and D, the whole under the command of senior Captain S. Bostwick, were ordered to relieve a detachment of five companies of this regiment, consisting of Companies E, G, H, I, and K, the whole commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Kenyon, and the former detachment took possession of the rifle-pits of this brigade at about 12 m. 29th instant. Whilst taking our position and during the afternoon the enemy's sharpshooters kept up a severe fire from small pits and the base of the works of the enemy. After dark Captain Bostwick, commanding, caused vedettes to be placed at intervals in front of his sharpshooters. At about midnight, 29th, the enemy advanced with a yell, striking the works to our left, first advancing to within thirty or forty feet of our pits, where they were repulsed and retired to their works, keeping up, however, a severe fire during the night. After the enemy had retired vedettes were again posted as before and remained there until relieved by a detachment of the Forty-seventh Indiana Infantry. No man of our command left the pits at any time with the exception of a messenger, who was sent to regimental headquarters by Captain Bostwick. The casualties were slight, the only one being Private Wright, Company A, severely wounded in the knee.

Respectfully,

JAS. H. COATES,

Colonel Eleventh Illinois Infantry.

Captain W. E. KUHN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, First Div., 13th Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Mobile, Ala., April 20, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance to the requirements of circular from your headquarters of 18th instant, I have the honor to respectfully present the following report of operations by them (Eleventh Illinois Infantry) around Spanish Fort and Blakely:

March 26, after crossing D'Olive's Creek formed line of battle and deployed skirmish line, and at about dark advanced the skirmish line, supported by six companies of the regiment (as two companies were left in camp to build breast-works). Halted the command, threw up breast-works of logs, &amp;c., and remained in line during the night, and at daylight the enemy opened a vigorous fire on the line on our immediately left. Drove in their skirmish line. I moved my command back sufficiently to protect my left flank, and when assured of a good position opened on the enemy with a brisk fire, they (the enemy) falling back, and my command quickly and steadily following them. I was desirous of gaining possession of a rise of ground in our front, but at about this time I received peremptory orders not to move farther than my breast-works, consequently I did not proceed any farther, but remained there without further opposition until about 10 a.m., when I

