
was relieved by the Forty-sixth Illinois Infantry, Colonel Dornblaser. Moved back to camp. March 27, at about noon received orders to move forward with balance of the division. Took up our position and assisted at the investment of Spanish Fort. In this encounter had three men slightly wounded. March 28, had six companies, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Kenyon, on duty in the pits; advanced the line and was engaged in continual skirmishing with the skirmishers of the enemy. Had two men slightly wounded. March 29, relieved the six companies by the remaining four companies of my command, under command of Captain S. Bostwick, Company E, and upon this evening the enemy made a dash on our line, but were handsomely repulsed. Had three men slightly wounded.

April 5, were assigned position on the right of General Garrard's division in the investment of Blakely. Relieved a portion of General Garrard's line; remained in the rifle-pits with the whole regiment for twenty-seven hours; advanced the rifle-pits about 100 yards; sharp skirmishing continually. On the afternoon of April 9 received orders to move up to the works and to support the Eighth Illinois Infantry (who were the skirmish line of the brigade front) on the left, with orders that when the reserve of General Garrard's line advanced for me to also advance. Consequently at about 6 p.m. the whole line advanced my regiment being within supporting distance of the line of the Eighth Illinois Infantry, Colonel Sheetz, and advancing in line of battle, and in this formation reached the works of the enemy, where, upon orders, I halted and stacked arms, remaining there for about an hour, when the regiment advanced through the timber to the river to pick up prisoners trying to escape. I have no casualties to report in this charge. I could not consistently close this report, however, without referring in terms of highest praise to all officers and men of my command for the manner in which they performed their various duties during this campaign.

Respectfully

JAS. H. COATES,

Colonel Eleventh Illinois Infantry.

Captain W. E. KUHN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, First Div., 13th Army Corps.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Mobile, Ala, April 20, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance to the requirements of circular from your headquarters of date 18th instant, I have the honor to respectfully present the following journal:

March 17, 1865, embarked on transport Thomas at Dauphin Island, and on the evening of the same day went into camp at Navy Cove. March 18, marched out four miles, joined the First Brigade, and went into camp. March 19, marched about fifteen miles; crossed Shell Point Bayou and camped. March 20, marched about four miles; discovered that we were on the wrong road; returned, went into camp about 12 m., and commenced building roads. March 21, remained in camp, occupied in building roads. March 22, marched about four miles; went into camp. March 23, marched about five miles and had details building roads. March 24, marched to Dannelly's Mills, on Fish River (six miles). Went into camp at 2 p.m. March 25, issued rations. Moved out at 1 p.m. Marched about six miles and went into camp. March

