
26 moved out at 7 a.m. Marched about seven miles, and when near D'Olive's Creek formed line of battle and commenced throwing up breast-works. March 27, assisted at the investment of Spanish Fort. March 28, remained in same position, with exceptions as given in report of operations around Spanish Fort and Blakely. March 29, occupied the same camp. March 30, accompanied the division as guard for supply train for General Steele. March 31, moved out as guard to train to Holyoke; threw up works and went into camp.

April 1, camp at Holyoke remained unchanged. April 2, moved at about midnight toward Blakely. April 3, went into camp at or near Blakely. April 4, in camp at same place. Regimental teams came up this day. April 5, relieved a portion of General Garrard's line and advanced the line about 100 yards. The entire regiment on duty for twenty-four hours. April 6, in the rifle-pits during the day. Relieved at 9 p.m. April 7, remained in the old camp. Made 116 gabions. April 8, remained in old camp. April 9, charge of Blakely (respectfully referred to accompanying report).* April 10, moved out about five miles and went into camp. April 11, remained in camp until about 8 p.m., when marched to Starke's Landing. Embarked on transport Planter. April 12, about 7 a.m. started in company with the other transports and at about 12 m. arrived at Catfish Point, disembarked and after considerable delay in finding suitable campaign ground finally, at about midnight, got into camp at our present location.

Respectfully,

JAS. H. COATES,

Colonel Eleventh Illinois Infantry.

Captain W. E. KUHN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, First Div., 13th Army Corps.

Numbers 20. Journal of the Forty-sixth Illinois Infantry, Colonel Benjamin Dornblaser commanding, March 17-April 12.

Journal of the Forty-sixth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry from the time of leaving Dauphin Island, Ala., March 17, 1865, until the occupation of Mobile, Ala., April 12, 1865:

Friday, March 17, 1865.-Received orders to hold the regiment in readiness to embark at a moment's notice. At 2 o'clock moved out of camp to Fort Gaines, embarking on steamers Mustang, Starlight, and Tamaulipas, and steamed across the bay to Navy Cove, on the eastern shore; disembarked and bivouacked for the night.

Saturday, 18th.-Marched at 7 a.m. in an easterly direction four miles and encamped.

Sunday, 19th.-Marched at 6 a.m. in a northeast direction about sixteen miles; crossed an arm of the bay, where the men were obliged to wade in water nearly to their waists. The column halted at dark and bivouacked for the night.

Monday, 20th.-Marched at 6 a.m.; after moving nearly eight miles reached Perdido Bay, and being unable to cross it were ordered to a right-about, marched back over the same road three miles and encamped.

---------------

*See p. 180.

---------------

