
Tuesday, 21st.-Remained in camp through the day, sending out heavy details to construct corduroy roads across a swamp we were obliged to cross. Ordered to march at 5 a.m.

Wednesday, 22nd.-Moved out at 5.30 a.m. Made four miles over corduroy roads through the swamp and encamped at 9 p.m. Details have been busy throughout the day extricating teams that were mired. Furnished one company (E) for picket guard.

Thursday, 23rd.-Moved at daylight over better roads. Halted about 1 p.m. and encamped. Furnished a fatigue party to go in advance and construct more corduroy roads. Ordered to march at daylight, 24th instant.

Friday, 24th.-Marched at daylight. Marched steadily all day over very good roads. Reached Fish River at 2 p.m.; crossed on pontoon bridge and encamped on the north bank, about two miles from Fish River. Drew rations, &amp;c.

Saturday, 25th.-At 11 a.m. received orders to be in readiness to move at a moment's notice. Marched at 1 p.m. in a northern direction, our regiment leading the brigade and the brigade the corps. Encamped at dark. Furnished 200 men for picket.

Sunday, 26th.-Marched at 8.45 a.m. over good roads, our regiment in rear of brigade and teams. The right wing ordered forward about 3 p.m.; the left wing left with teams of the division. The advance of our brigade skirmishing with the enemy. At dark the regiment was assigned its position and ordered to throw up entrenchments, which was speedily done.

Monday, 27th.-The regiment, with the exception of B and K, relieved the Eighth Illinois on picket. At 11 a.m. the whole line advanced and drove the enemy into their works in front of Spanish Fort without serious opposition.

Tuesday, 28th.-At 7 p.m. regiment ordered to the rear to do picket duty near General Granger's headquarters. Occupied our works of the night previous.

Wednesday, 29th.-Remained quietly in camp doing picket and guard duty.

Thursday, 30th.-Received orders at 4 p.m. to rejoin out brigade, then moving out on the road toward right of our lines. Orders countermanded, and the regiment will move at daylight to-morrow to where the regimental trains of the division are parked, and guard the same until further orders.

Friday, 31st.-Marched at daylight four miles and encamped. Picketed our front.

Saturday, April 1.-Remained quietly in camp. Had inspection and drill in the afternoon. Sent two companies (B and G) to guard a supply train to General Veatch at Holyoke.

Sunday, 2nd.-Remained in camp. Furnished picket guard of one commissioned officer and fifty men.

Monday, 3rd.-At 5 a.m. furnished three companies (E, K, and D) for escort to a supply train to General Steele, Major Clingman in command.

Tuesday, 4th.-Received orders from General Canby to rejoin our brigade at or near Sibley's Mills, escorting a supply train to General Veatch. Arrived at Sibley's Mills at 5 p.m.; crossed the creek and rejoined our command.

Wednesday, 5th.-Received orders to relieve the Eighth Illinois Infantry at 7 p.m., who were on picket duty in the front. Moved out in accordance with orders and relieved the Eighth Illinois. Received instructions to advance the skirmish line and intrench. Our line was advanced without serious opposition; saps were immediately com-

