
menced leading to the advanced line, rifle-pits thrown up, and the line connected with the regiments to the right and left of us. The enemy shelled our line occasionally during the night.

Thursday, 6th.-At about 4 a.m. the rebels made a charge, attempting to push in our skirmishers. The line was immediately strengthened from the reserves, and their effort was successfully resisted. Private Andrew W. Hess, Company B, was mortally wounded by a fragment of shell at this time. During the day the usual picket-firing was continued, with no loss to the regiment. At 7 p.m. the regiment was relieved by the Forty-seventh Indiana and proceeded to camp.

Friday, 7th.-Remained in camp. Ordered to set our whole effective force at work constructing gabions, which was done.

Saturday, 8th.-In camp. Received orders to furnish four commissioned officers and 100 men, armed and equipped for fatigue duty, to report at 7 p.m. Detail furnished, Captain Pike in command.

Sunday, 9th.-Received orders to move out and occupy the trenches that the Eighth Illinois Volunteers were occupying, and in case of a charge to support that regiment. The regiment moved at 4 o'clock, in accordance with orders, and took the position assigned it in support of the Eighth Illinois. At 5 o'clock the Eighth Illinois charged the rebel skirmishers, driving them steadily. The regiment moved out of the trenches and forward in line of battle in conjunction with the Eleventh Illinois and in support of the Eighth. The men moved forward rapidly over abatis for three-quarters of a mile and soon gained the rebel works. Reformed our line and deployed as skirmishers through the timber to the river in search of prisoners, of whom several were found.

Monday, 10th.-Ordered to proceed to our camp of the day previous; reached the same at 3 a.m. At 9 a.m. moved about four miles in a northeast direction and encamped.

Tuesday, 11th.-At 7.30 p.m. broke camp and marched all night in the direction of Starke's Landing.

Wednesday, 12th.-Arrived at Starke's Landing at 4 a.m. and embarked on steamers Warrior and Planter, and steamed up the bay, reaching Catfish Point at 4 p.m. Disembarked immediately and marched to the rebel works southwest of the city of Mobile. Ordered to encamp for the night. At 9 p.m. were ordered forward again; were ready in five minutes, and marched through the city to the northeast of same and encamped at 11.30 p.m. near the Spring Hill road.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. DORNBLASER,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 21. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel William B. Kinsey, One hundred and sixty-first New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations March 17-April 12.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS,Mobile, Ala., April 13, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Third Brigade, First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, in the siege of Spanish Fort:

On the 26th of March, at 3 p.m., the Third Brigade was placed in position as a supporting line, or reserve, in the rear of the line of battle of the First and Second Brigades, First Division, which was then

