
ADDENDA.

Journal of march of the Third Brigade, First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, from Dauphin Island, Ala., to Mobile, Ala., commencing on the 17th day of March, 1865, and ending on the 12th day of April, 1865.

MOBILEE, ALA., April 13, 1865.

March 17.-In accordance with orders received at 5 p.m. from Brigadier General James C. Veatch, commanding First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, the Third Brigade broke camp and immediately embarked upon transports for Navy Cove.

March 18.-At 2 o'clock this morning the brigade landed at Navy Cove and bivouacked on the beach. At 9 a.m. the brigade was formed into line, marched out four miles on the Gulf shore road, and went into caamp on the sand hills near the Gulf. The Thirteenth Missouri Regiment, which had been left on fatigue duty at the pier, rejoined the brigade in the afternoon.

March 19.-Reveille at 4 a.m.; line formed at 7 a.m., and marched in an easterly direction on the telegraph road leading to Dannelly's Mills. At 12 m. the brigade forded the Little Lagoon and halted for one hour until the wagon train had crossed. Bivouacked at night twelve miles from the bivouac of the night previous. One company of the Twenty-ninth Illinois Volunteers was sent out on picket duty.

March 20.-The brigade resumed its march at 6 a.m., and after proceeding seven miles the head of the column came to a swamp through which the road was impassable for the trains and artillery. Here I received orders to bivouac and send forward a fatigue party of 200 men with the proper tools to repair the road and bridges. A heavy rain began to fall soon after going into camp.

March 21.-The radian continues. Fatigue parties still at work on the road. at 3 p.m. the rain ceased.

March 22.-The brigade struck tents and moved at sunrise. After marching two miles the roads were found to be impassable for the heavily loaded train, and I received orders from Brigadier General James C. Veatch to detail a sufficient number of men to help it through. Arms were stacked and the brigade deployed out along the road for a distance of two miles building corduroy roads, lifting wagons out of the quicksand, and pushing them forward. At 8 p.m. went into bivouac four miles from the point of starting in the morning.

March 23.-At 6 a.m. my brigade moved forward two miles and halted. At this point rations were issued to the command, and as soon as this was done it moved forward two miles more over a very bad road. Here I encamped and the entire brigade was detailed for fatigue duty to corduroy the road, so as to enable the trains to pass over it. By 12 p.m. this work was accomplished.

March 24.-The brigade marched at 5.30 a.m. along the North Branch of Fish River in the direction of Dannelly's Mills and found the roads very good. At 12 m. we crossed Fish River by means of a pontoon bridge and encamped two miles north of the point of crossing. Had good camping ground on a high, dry ridge. Weather very fine.

March 25.-At 1 p.m. I received orders to prepare to move, also orders to send the Thirteenth Missouri Volunteers to report to Major-General Granger, to remain at the Fish River on guard duty. Marched at 2 p.m. in the rear of the Second Brigade, First Division, in a northerly direction, and after proceeding four miles went into bivouac at 6 p.m.

