
Volunteers was moved forward 200 yards, and a line of strong works thrown up sufficient to cover their front, the left connecting with a line of works previously constructed by Colonel Bertram's brigade. One man of the Twenty-third Wisconsin Volunteers was slightly wounded to-day by a piece of shell.

March 29.-The Twenty-third Wisconsin Volunteers was relieved at daybreak by a regiment of Colonel Bertram's brigade. The Twenty-third Wisconsin, on returning from the front line, was placed in position on the right of and in line with the Twenty-ninth Illinois Volunteers and works constructed to cover their front. At 7 p.m. the Twenty-ninth Illinois Volunteers was detailed and sent to the front as skirmishers. At 10 p.m. the enemy made an attack upon the skirmish line, but were repulsed. The casualties of the day in the brigade were 4 killed and 14 wounded.

March 30.-The command suffered considerably to-day from the explosion of shells thrown by the enemy over and into the camp and front line of rifle-pits. Three men of the Twenty-ninth Illinois Volunteers were seriously wounded while in the front line of works by shells. At 6 p.m. orders were received to withdraw the Third Brigade from the works, and at 7 p.m. the brigade was relieved by a brigade from the Sixteenth Army Corps. Four day's rations were issued, and the command them marched three miles to the rear and right and bivouacked with the First and Second Brigades, which had moved out from the works at an earlier hour of the day.

March 31.-Reveille at daybreak. The command marched at 7 a.m. in the rear of and guarding a train loaded with supplies for Major-General Steele's command. After marching six miles went into bivouac and threw up works at Holyoke.

April 1 and 2.-Remained in same camp.

April 3.-At 1 a.m. I formed the line and marched in the direction of Blakely; crossed Bayou Minette near Sibley's Mills, and reached a point one mile from Blakely at 5 a.m. Here I halted on the road and remained there until 9 a.m., when I was ordered by Brigadier-General Veatch to move the brigade to the front and left and take up a position with my right connecting with the left of the Second Brigade, First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, my left to rest on or near Bayou Minette. By my orders two companies of the Twenty-third Wisconsin Volunteers were deployed as skirmishers to examine the ground, but before the brigade was placed in position selected I received orders to move to the rear and bivouac as a reserve the Second Division of the Sixteenth Army Corps, Brigadier-General Garrard commanding, having been ordered into the position previously assigned to the First Division. The Third Brigade camped on the road near Sibley's house, one mile from the rebel works.

April 4.-Remained in camp. The Thirtieth Missouri Volunteers reported for duty with the brigade.

April 5.-At 9 p.m., in compliance with orders from headquarters First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, the brigade, in light marching order, reported to General Hawkins, commanding a division of colored troops, which was posted on the extreme right of the line. The brigade was placed in position in the rear of Brigadier-General Hawkins' line to support his command in case of an attack, but none was made.

April 6.-The brigade was relieved at daylight and marched back to camp, where we arrived at 6 a.m.

April 7.-A wet, cold morning. The Thirtieth Missouri Volunteers was detailed to make gabions. Two hundred and fifty men of the

