
Twenty-third Wisconsin Volunteers were sent to the right of the line to construct a battery, and 100 of the Twenty-ninth Illinois Volunteers were sent to work in the trenches occupied by the First Brigade, First Division.

April 8.-The detail sent out on fatigue duty last evening returned to camp this morning. Twenty-third Wisconsin Volunteers lost 1 killed and 4 wounded by shells while at work yesterday. At 6 p.m. the Twenty-ninth Illinois Volunteers was detailed and sent out to the front line as skirmishers.

April 9.-At 5 p.m., in compliance with orders, the Third Brigade moved from bivouac to the front and were placed in position in the rear of the Second Brigade, First Division, 800 yards from the enemy's front line, with orders to support the Second Brigade if necessary. At 6 p.m. a charge was ordered, which resulted in the capture of the works at Blakely. The brigade was soon afterward ordered to the camp previously occupied. The Twenty-ninth Illinois lost while on skirmish line 1 killed and 2 wounded.

April 10.-The command marched three miles in an easterly direction and went into camp. The One hundred and sixty-first New York Volunteers, which had been on duty at Starke's Landing since the 28th of March, reported for duty with the brigade at 12 m. to-day.

April 11.-At 7 p.m., in accordance with orders from Brigadier General J. C. Veatch, my command struck tents and marched in the rear of the First Brigade, First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, in the direction of Starke's Landing via the pontoon bridge over Bayou Minette.

April 12.-My command arrived at Starke's Landing at 5 a.m., and in compliance with orders was at once embarked on the transports Alabama, Colonel Cowles, and Landis. The train belonging to the brigade was left on shore from want of the necessary transportation, and as soon as the boats were loaded they were moved out a short distance in the bay and anchored. At 8 a.m. orders were received to weigh anchor and move across the bay to Magnolia Point and there disembark. It was not, however, until 4 p.m. that the last of the brigade left the boats. I then formed a line and marched up the shell road to the city of Mobile, and through the city to a position on the west of and bivouac in the rear of the first line of works.

W. B. KINSEY,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Third Brigadier, First Div., 13th Army Corps.

Numbers 22. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel John A. Callicott, Twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry, of operations March 17-April 12.
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLS.,Mobile, Ala., April 20, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with instructions, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command during the siege of Spanish Fort, viz:

The Twenty-ninth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry pitched tents in the vicinity of Spanish Fort, Ala., on the evening of the 26th of March, 1865. In obedience to an order received during the night, I sent Companies F, G, H, I, and K to protect the right flank of the line of skirmishers thrown forward by the Second Brigade, First Division.

