
JANUARY 31-APRIL 24, 1865.-Operations in North Alabama and East Tennessee.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

Jan. 31, 1865.-Major General David S. Stanley, U. S. Army, resumes command of the Fourth Army Corps.

April 3-11, 1865.-Expedition to Asheville, N. C.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General David S. Stanley, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 2.-Journal of the Fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 3.-Report of Colonel Isaac M. Kirby, One hundred and first Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, First Division.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General David S. Stanley, U. S. Army, commanidng Fourth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Camp Harker, Nashville, Tenn., May 8, 1865.

GENERAL: To continue the records of the service of the Fourth Army Corps in this department, I have the honor to report that I resumed command of the corps on the 31st day of January last that Huntsville, Ala., relieving Brigadier General Thomas J. Wood, who commanded the corps during my absence (during December and January) from wounds received at Franklin, Tenn. The troops were comfortably hatted in the vicinity of Huntsville, General Kimball's division (the First) on the Big Cove road east of the city; General Elliott's (the Second) on the Athens road three miles west, and General Wood's division (the Third) on the Whitesburg road four miles south of Huntsville. The same day I took command of the corps orders were received to send the Third Division, Brigadier General Thomas J. Wood commanidng, to Eastport, Miss. The troops of the division all arrived at Nashville on the 2nd. The transportation of the division, with two batteries of artillery, were started by the dirt road to Eastport, via Florence, Ala., with a strong escort. On the 5th of February orders were received directing the division to return to Huntsville their presence in Mississippi not being necessary. The troops reached their old camp on the 7th; their transportation returning joined them the same day. The corps remained in cantonments at Huntsville until the 13th of March. During this period drills, inspections, and reviews were regularly kept up. Many absentees and recruits joined, and the condition of the corps was much improved. Marc 12 orders were received for the corps to move by railroad to Bull's Gap, East Tennessee, and the First Division, General Kimball's left the next day, disembarking from the cars at Strawberry Plains. The Third Division, Major-General Wood's, took post at New Market. Colonel Kirby's brigade, of the First Division, moved out to Bull's Gap on the 24th, giving escort and protection to the construction corps. General Wood's division moved on to Greenville on the 4th of April, sending one brigade (Beatty's) to Jonesborough, and giving protection to the road as far as the Watauga River. The railroad people were twenty-one days in making the transfer of the corps from Huntsville to Knoxville, notwithstanding that all the transportation was unloaded at Knoxville, the troops only being sent by cars to their

