
These companies were relieved from duty on skirmish line and rejoined the regiment about 10 a.m. on the 27th. Soon after their return, an advance having been ordered, I moved the regiment forward, it forming the center of the Third Brigade. The regiment was halted on the brow of a hill about 1,000 yards from the main rebel fort. After halting the position of the regiment on the left of the brigade was changed so that the Twenty-ninth Illinois formed the left of the Third Brigade, Colonel Bertram's brigade being on our left and occupying the space to the bay. At this point, in compliance with directions, earth-works were thrown up, covering the front of the regiment. During the day Companies H and I each lost a man by wounds from shell. After dark a working party was sent forward to assist in digging rifle-pits on the advance skirmish line of our division.

On the 28th the regiment made an advance with the brigade of 300 yards and built a breast-work to protect its front.

On the 29th Company A lost 4 men killed and 9 wounded by the explosion of a shell. One man in Company K was slightly wounded by a piece of shell. At 8 p.m. the regiment moved out on the advance line as skirmishers and took position in a line of incomplete rifle-pits. Near 9 o'clock the enemy made a sortie on that part of the line and on the rifle-pits in front of Colonel Bertram's brigade on the left, but were handsomely repulsed after firing a few volley's and driven back to their rifle-pits. On the night of the 30th the regiment was relieved from duty in the rifle-pits and marched with the brigade in the direction of Fort Blakely. One man of Company G and 1 of Company F was mortally wounded, and 1 man of Company I seriously wounded, by shells thrown in the rifle-pits during the day by the guns on Spanish Fort.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CALLICOTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain S. A. WALLING,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade, First Division.
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLS.,Mobile, Ala., April 20, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with instructions received from headquarters Third Brigade, First Division, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the siege and capture of Blakely, Ala.:

The Twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry Veteran Volunteers arrived in front of Fort Blakely the morning of the 3rd of April, 1865. After changing positions twice during the day, the regiment finally camped on the reserve line near Sibley's dwelling house, then occupied by General Steele as headquarters. On the night of the 5th the regiment moved with the brigade to the extreme right of our line, and remained in line of battle during the night. On the morning of the 6th the regiment returned to camp and furnished details to work on redoubts; also furnished heavy details on the 7th. The entire regiment was sent forward on the night of the 8th to cover the front of the division as skirmishers, relieving part of the Ninety-ninth Illinois and Twenty-first Iowa. It became necessary to dig new rifle-pits on the left of the skirmish line, advancing that part of the line 100 yards or more. The companies on the left wing of the regiment were deployed for that pur-

