
pose, and by working diligently the pits were completed and occupied by daylight. On the evening of the 9th (having remained in the trenches all day) I received orders to hold my command in readiness to advance the lines. I detailed Companies C and K, by directions previously received, and instructed them that in case the line should advance they would deploy and advance as skirmishers in front of the main line of the brigade, covering its front. Later in the evening I received an order from Colonel Sheetz, Eighth Illinois Infantry, who was then in command of the advance line, to withdraw my command and allow the Eleventh Illinois to move in advance. I obeyed the order, and in obedience to instructions received through Lieutenant Shoemaker, aide-de-camp, moved to the position assigned me in the brigade then supporting the Second Brigade of our division. The regiment lost during the day 3 men, 1 killed and 2 wounded. At dusk I moved back with the brigade to camp and remained in camp during the night, the men being very much fatigued by the arduous duties of the day and night previous. I would further report that no trophies were captured during the siege. I cannot refrain from tendering my thanks to the officers and men of my command, all of whom displayed a becoming zeal and energy, and to Major Curtis and Adjutant Bozman are they especially due for their coolness and gallantry in time of danger and the invaluable assistance rendered me throughout the campaign.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CALLICOTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain S. A. WALLING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

Journal of the march of the Twenty-ninth Regiment Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Callicott, from Navy Cove, Ala., to Mobile, Ala.
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH Regiment ILLINOIS VETERAN VOLS.,Mobile, Ala., April 20, 1865.

March 17.-Started from Dauphin Island at dark; landed at Navy Cove and remained at that point during the night.

March 18.-Marched from Navy Cove at 8 a.m.; pitched tents three miles east of Navy Cove on the Gulf shore.

March 19.-At 7 a.m. struck tents and marched eastward ten miles and bivouacked for the night. Roads good; weather pleasant.

March 20.-After marching seven miles struck camp near a swamp and sent forward fatigue parties to build a corduroy road. Rained during the night.

March 21.-Remained in same camp, and continued the work on the road. Weather cold and rainy.

March 22.-Resumed the march at sunrise; traveled about three miles and a half. Roads very rough where corduroyed, and extremely muddy at points not corduroyed. It became necessary to draw many of the wagons out of the mire by hand, the teams being exhausted.

March 23.-Furnished heavy details to build corduroy road. Hauled wagons over very muddy swamp; bivouacked four miles from former camp. Furnished a heavy detail to repair road during the night.

March 24.-Broke camp at daylight; marched to Fish River; crossed on pontoons and went into camp two miles north of the river. Roads good; weather warm and pleasant.

