
March 25.-Left camp at 1 p.m.; marched seven miles in northwest direction and went into camp at dark. Roads good; weather clear.

March 26.-Left camp at 8 a.m.; marched very slow. Roads good, but country rough and hilly; skirmishing in front in the afternoon; went into camp early in the evening. Left wing of the regiment on picket during the night.

March 27.- Heavy skirmishing in front and some artillery firing. The regiment advanced with the brigade, and took position on the left of division lines opposite Spanish Fort. Skirmishing during the night; two men wounded during the day.

March 28.-Still heavy skirmishing. Remained in position during the day; advanced 200 yards at dark and built a line of works, which occupied the most of the night.

March 29.-Remained in position gained the previous night until dark, when seven companies were ordered in the advance trenches, the other companies remaining in the rear as a reserve. Enemy made a charge at 9 p.m., and were repulsed. Losses during the day, fourteen men killed and wounded.

March 30.-Remained in rifle-pits during the day. Heavy shelling by the enemy. Losses during the day three men killed and wounded. Relieved at dark by a regiment from the Sixteenth Army Corps, and marched back four miles and went into camp at 11 p.m.

March 31.-Marched at 6 a.m. toward Blakely; halted at 1 p.m. and entrenched. Weather clear and warm.

April 1.-Remained in camp awaiting orders.

April 2.-Remained in same camp.

April 3.-Broke camp at 1 a.m. and marched toward Blakely; halted at daylight; took position on the left during the day, and remained in the same position until late in the evening, when we were relieved by the Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, and marched back half a mile and went into camp.

April 4.-Remained in same camp during the day.

April 5.-Remained in same camp during the day. At 8 p.m. the regiment with the brigade was ordered on the right, where we remained during the night, returning to former camp at daylight.

April 6.-Returned from the right at sunrise and remained in camp all day.

April 7.-Still remained in camp.

April 8.-Remained in camp all day. The regiment was ordered in the rifle-pits at dark; sharp firing, and weather good.

April 9.-Remained in rifle-pits during the day; was relieved at 5 p.m. by the Eleventh Illinois, and ordered back to support of the Second Brigade; 1 man killed, 2 wounded.

April 10.-Broke camp at 10 a.m.; marched three miles in a north direction and went into camp at 1 p.m.

April 11.-Remained in camp during the day. Received orders at dark, and marched for Starke's Landing, which occupied most of the night.

April 12.-Arrived at Starke's Landing at daylight; embarked at once on transports for Catfish Point. Disembarked at 2 p.m. and marched five or six miles, entering the city of Mobile at dark.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CALLICOTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

