
Numbers 23. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel William T. Wilkinson, Thirtieth Missouri Infantry, of operations March 17-April 12.
HDQRS. THIRTIETH MISSOURI VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Mobile, Ala., April 21, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from headquarters Third Brigade, First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, April 19, 1865, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment against Spanish Fort, Ala.:

The regiment arrived at Starke's Landing, Ala., April 3, 1865, at 5 a.m.; commenced its march to Spanish Fort on the same day, and, after traveling a distance of six miles, halted and encamped in rear of the right of our line around the fort, where it remained until 2 p.m. on the 4th of April, and commenced its march toward Blakely, Ala.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. WILKINSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain S. A. WALLING,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, First Div., 13th Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRTIETH MISSOURI VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Mobile, Ala., April 21, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from headquarters Third Brigade, First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, dated April 19, 1865, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment against Blakely, Ala.:

The regiment arrived in rear of the left of our lines near Blakely, Ala., on the 4th of April, 1865, and encamped on the extreme right of the Third Brigade, First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps. On the 5th of April the regiment, in connection with the brigade, was ordered out at about 9 p.m. and marched to the extreme right of the line to support General Hawkins' division of colored troops in case of an emergency. The regiment remained in its position until daybreak next morning, April 6, when it returned to camp, nothing of importance having occurred during the night. On the 7th of April the regiment was ordered out on fatigue duty to make gabions, and returned to camp after having made 140. The regiment went out again on the next day, April 8, on the same duty, and returned to camp after making 128. At 4.30 p.m. on the 9th of April the regiment was ordered to march to the center of the line to support the Second Brigade of our division in a charge. The first line moved forward on the double-quick at about 5.30 p.m., and our line moved up and took their position. The fort having been taken, at about 7.30 p.m. the regiment was ordered to return to camp. At daybreak on the 10th of April the regiment fell into line ready to move. At about 9 a.m. the march was begun, and after traveling a distance of about four miles, passed in rear of Blakely, Ala., and went into camp. The regiment remained encamped until the evening of April 11, when at about 6 p.m. orders were received to make ready to move. The

13 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

