
march was commenced soon after and continued throughout the night toward Starke's Landing, where the regiment arrived at about 4 a.m. on the 12th of April.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. WILKINSON,

Lieutenant Colonel Commanding Thirtieth Missouri Volunteer Infantry.

Captain S. A. WALLING,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, First Div., 13th Army Corps.

ADDENDA.

Journal of the march of the Thirtieth Regiment Missouri Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel W. T. Wilkinson, from Dauphin Island, Ala., to Mobile, Ala.

March 17, 1865.-Left Dauphin Island aboard transport Brown at 9 p. m. Landed at Navy Cove same night.

March 18.-Remained at Navy Cove performing fatigue duty until 5 p.m. Marched three miles east of Navy Cove and encamped on the Gulf shore. Company A detailed for guard at the division ammunition train.

March 19.-Left camp at 7 a.m. Marched ten miles eastward and bivouacked for the night. Roads good; weather pleasant.

March 20.-Left camp at 5.30 a.m., and after marching seven miles went into camp near a swamp. Sent forward fatigue parties to build a corduroy road. Rain during the night.

March 21.-Remained in same camp; continued the work on the road. Weather cold and rainy.

March 22.-Left camp at sunrise; marched about five miles and a half; roads very rough and extremely muddy at points not corduroyed.

March 23.-Left camp at daylight; marched two miles and halted.

Furnished large details to build corduroy roads and hauled wagons over swamps. Company A, relieved from guard at ammunition train, rejoined the regiment.

March 24.-Left camp at daylight; marched to Fish River, a distance of about eight miles; crossed on pontoons and went into camp two miles north of the river. Roads good; weather pleasant.

March 25.-Received orders to remain at Dannelly's Mills, Fish River, for the purpose of guarding the pontoon bridge across the river, and supplies. Marched back to about 500 yards within the pontoon bridge and went into camp.

March 26.-In camp at Dannelly's Mills, Fish River, guarding pontoon bridge and supplies and performing picket duty.

March 27 to April 1.-Occupied the same camp.

April 2.-Left camp at Dannelly's Mills at 5 p.m. aboard steamer Mustang.

April 3.-Arrived at Starke's Landing, Ala., at 5 a.m. Commenced march toward Spanish Fort; traveled six miles and went into camp in rear of the right of our lines around the fort.

April 4.-Left camp at 2 p.m. Marched six miles and encamped on the extreme right of the Third Brigade, First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, in rear of the left of our lines before Blakely.

April 5.-Remained in camp during the day. At 9 p.m. marched to the right of our lines. Remained here during the night and returned to camp at daylight.

