
April 6.-Returned from the right of our lines at sunrise and remained in camp during the day.

April 7.-Occupied the same camp. Ordered out on fatigue duty to make gabions.

April 8.-Same camp; again ordered out on fatigue duty.

April 9.-Remained in the same camp until 4.30 p.m., when orders were received to march to the center of the line to support the Second Brigade in a charge. Returned to camp same night.

April 10.-Left camp at 10 a.m. Marched about four miles; passed in rear of Blakely and went into camp at 1 p.m.

April 11.-Remained in camp during the day. Received marching orders at 6 p.m. Left camp soon after; marched all night.

April 12.-Arrived at Starke's Landing at daylight; embarked at once on transport Landis; disembarked at about 4 p.m. at Magnolia Race-Course Wharf, and marched about five miles to the city of Mobile, arriving at the city at 7 p.m.

Numbers 24. Reports of Major Willis E. Craig, One hundred and sixty-first New York Infantry, of operations March 17-April 12.
HEADQUARTERS 161ST NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Mobile, Ala., April 13, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with orders from headquarters Third Brigade, First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the siege of Spanish Fort:

The One hundred and sixty-first New York Volunteers pitched tents in the vicinity of Spanish Fort, Ala., on the evening of the 26th of March, 1865. At 8 p.m. I was ordered to move my regiment out to the support of the picket-line, and four companies (A, D, B, and G) were sent to complete the connection of the line. On the morning of the 27th the enemy made a dash on the picket-line, but was repulsed. Companies A and D were engaged in the skirmish. The regiment was moved up in support of the picket-line, which was advanced as skirmishers. In the afternoon I rejoined the brigade, which was moved forward and joined General Slack's brigade (First), on the right and directly in front of Spanish Fort, distant 1,000 yards, this regiment on the right of the brigade. The four companies alluded to above remained in the skirmish line until dark. The casualties were two men wounded, one of whom was erroneously killed. At night a working party was sent from the regiment to dig rifle-pits, composed of one officer and sixty men. On the 28th the regiment went to Bolivar [D'Olive's] Creek to build a bridge, after which it was ordered by Major-General Canby to report to Brigadier-General Bailey, at Starke's Wharf, for duty, where it remained until April 10, 1865, taking no further part in the siege of Spanish Fort.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIS E. CRAIG,

Major, Commanding the Regiment.

Captain S. A. WALLING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

