HDQRS. 161ST REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Mobile, Ala., April 13, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with orders from headquarters Third Brigade, First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to report that this regiment was on duty at Starke's Wharf, Ala., by order of Major-General Canby, during the siege of Blakely, and took no part therein.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIS E. CRAIG,

Major, Commanding the Regiment.

Captain S. A. WALLING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

Journal of the march of the One hundred and sixty-first Regiment New York Volunteers, commanded by Major Willis E. Craig, from Dauphin Island, Ala., to Mobile, Ala.
HDQRS. 161ST REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Mobile, Ala., April 13, 1865.

March 17.-Started from Dauphin Island at dark; landed at Navy Cove and remained at that point during the night.

March 18.-Marched five miles up the beach on the east side of Mobile Point and went into bivouac.

March 19.-Marched about fifteen miles.

March 20.-Came up with the rear of General Benton's division, which was crossing a swamp, and went into bivouac.

March 21.-Remained in bivouac to build corduroy roads and bridges across the swamp.

March 22.-Marched at 5 a.m. This regiment detailed to lift the wagon train and artillery through the swamp. Marched about three miles.

[March 23.-A detachment] detailed from this regiment to build roads.

March 24.-Marched to Fish River and crossed on pontoons. Bivouacked two miles from the crossing. Roads good.

March 25.-Marched at 2 p.m. and went into bivouac at dark. Furnished 3 officers and 200 men for picket.

March 26.-Marched to within a mile and a half of Spanish Fort and found the division in line of battle. At night the regiment was ordered to move out to the support of the picket-line and four companies (A, D, B, and G) sent to complete the connection of the line.

March 27.-The enemy made a dash on the picket-line at 7 a. m., but was repulsed. Companies A and D were engaged in the skirmish. The regiment was moved up in support of the picket-line, which was advanced as skirmishers. In the afternoon I rejoined the brigade, which was moved forward and joined General Slack's brigade (First) on the right and directly in front of Spanish Fort. The four companies alluded to above remained in the skirmish line until dark.

The casualties were two men wounded, one of whom was erroneously [reported] killed. At [night] a working party was sent from the regiment of one officer and sixty men.

March 28.-The regiment was sent to the rear to build a bridge across Bolivar [D'Olive's] Creek.

March 29.-Finished the bridge, and was then ordered by Major-General Canby to report to Brigadier-General Bailey, at Starke's Wharf, for duty, where we remained doing picket and provost duty until April 10, 1865.

