
April 10.-Broke camp at 8 a.m. Marched sixteen miles and joined the brigade near Blakely at 4 p.m.

April 11.-Broke camp at dark and marched with the brigade to Starke's Wharf.

April 12.-Embarked on steamer Colonel Cowles at daybreak. Disembarked at Catfish Point, on the west side of Mobile Bay, at 2 p.m., and marched six miles, entering the city of Mobile at dark.

WILLIS E. CRAIG,

Major, Commanding the Regiment.

Numbers 25. Reports of Major Joseph E. Greene, Twenty-third Wisconsin Infantry, of operations March 17-April 12.
HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD Regiment WISCONSIN VOL. INFTY.,Mobile, Ala., April 19, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the siege of Spanish Fort, Ala.:

On the morning of the 27th of March the line was advanced to within a few hundred yards of the fort. That part of it to which this regiment belonged took cover in a ravine near the extreme left, one-quarter of a mile from the bay. The line at this place was much exposed to artillery fire from the enemy. The regiment this day sustained a casualty of one man slightly wounded by a fragment of shell. On the morning of the 28th I was ordered to change position farther to the right, for the purpose of securing better protection from the fire of the enemy. On the afternoon of this day the casualties amounted to three enlisted men wounded, two by musket shots severely, and one by a fragment of a shell slightly. At night the regiment was sent to the front to relieve the Twenty-third Iowa, on picket. During the night completed advanced pits commenced the night previous. At 4 a.m. of the 29th was relieved by the Twentieth Wisconsin. At 11 o'clock on the night of this day an alarm was given, and the regiment formed in line behind earth-works to meet an expected attack. But the enemy making no demonstrations the line was soon withdrawn. On the p.m. of the 30th I was ordered to move with four days' rations. The brigade was withdrawn from before the works at this place, which terminated the part taken by this regiment in the siege.

Respectfully submitted.

JOS. E. GREENE,

Major, Commanding.

Captain S. A. WALLING,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, First Div., 13th Army Corps.
HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD Regiment WISCONSIN VOL. INFTY.,Mobile, Ala., April 19, 1865.

CAPTAIN: The following is a report of the part borne by this command in the siege and capture of Blakely, Ala.:

At daylight on the morning of the 3rd of April I arrived with my regiment at Sibley's Mills, about two miles from Blakely. After a few hours' rest was ordered toward the left of our own line to take up posi-

