
tion before the works of the enemy. Companies G and I were thrown out, under the command of Captain Tolford, as skirmishers. They had advanced to within a few hundred yards of the enemy's works when we were relieved by a division of the Sixteenth Corps and ordered to encamp in rear of and act as a reserve to the other forces. On the night of the 5th I was ordered to move in light marching order. Followed the Thirtieth Missouri to the extreme right of the line, where we were the Thirtieth Missouri to the extreme right of the line, where we were to support the troops in advance in case of an attack, which it was suspected would be made by the enemy that night. But at daylight, as no demonstrations had been made on the part of the enemy during the night, we were ordered back to camp. On the night of the 7th a detail of 200 men was made from this regiment to erect fortifications for batteries. A portion of the detail was exposed to artillery fire from the enemy, and suffered a loss of 1 killed and 3 wounded slightly. On the evening previous to this a man was wounded slightly by a splinter 4 wounded. Late in the afternoon of the 9th I was ordered to take my command in light marching order to the front. Most of it (200 men) had been detailed to work on rifle-pits, but I proceeded as directed with the remainder and moved to the front, where we formed part of the line in support of the forces that immediately charged and captured the works of the enemy. After night-fall, receiving orders, I moved back to camp. This, sir, is the full history of the part taken by this regiment in the siege and capture of Blakely.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JOS. E. GREENE,

Major, Commanding.

Captain S. A. WALLING,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, First Div., 13th Army Corps.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD Regiment WISCONSIN VOL. INFTY.,Mobile, Ala., April 19, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following journal of the march of this regiment from Dauphin Island, Ala., to Mobile, Ala.:

March 17, near sunset, I was ordered by Lieutenant-Colonel Kinsey, commanding the brigade, to place my command on the steamer John H. Groesbeck and proceed to Navy Cove, about four miles above Fort Morgan. The order was accordingly executed, the boat reaching the place designated at 12 o'clock at night. I immediately disembarked my command and bivouacked near the landing for the remainder of the night. March 18, at 8 a.m. the line of march was formed. Moved out from Navy Cove along the Gulf shore a distance of four miles, where we joined our division and encamped for the night. March 19, formed line of march at 6.30 a.m. Moved up the peninsula twelve miles and encamped near the Gulf. March 20, had reveille at 4 a.m. Line of march was formed at 6.15 a.m. Marched five miles to a lake, which debarred farther progress in that direction. The troops were faced about, marched back two miles, and went into camp at 12 m. At this point a swamp was to be corduroyed to render it passable. March 21, the regiment was engaged the entire day in work on the corduroy. It rained heavily most of the time, making work disagreeable and the roads almost impassable. March 22, moved this morning at 6.15. The regiment was detailed to guard the train. The roads were so miry on account of the heavy rains that but little progress was made. Advanced

