
five miles. March 23, this day advanced but three miles. The regiment was occupied most of the day in building corduroy. March 24, line of march was formed early this morning. The roads were much improved in condition. Reached Fish River at noon; passed over and went into camp about two miles north of it. March 25, the Sixteenth Corps took the advance this morning. The brigade to which this regiment belongs was ordered to follow, but it was 2 p.m. before the Sixteenth Corps had all passed. Advanced eight miles and bivouacked. March 26, orders were received to be ready to move at 4 a.m., but it was 8 o'clock when the column commenced to move. Marched twelve miles and bivouacked within one mile and a half of Spanish Fort. This night Companies A, C, D, E, F, G, and I were placed on picket. March 27, advanced was made against Spanish Fort and position taken up near it. March 30, received orders this p.m. to be ready to move with four days' rations. Some time after dark moved to the rear a distance of three miles and encamped. March 31, moved toward Blakely as far as Pollard's Mill, a distance of seven miles, and encamped. The regiment was detailed to guard the train to-day.

April 2, orders received at 12 at night to move. April 3, march commenced at 1 a.m., reaching Blakely at daylight. After a few hours' rest the brigade was moved to take up position in the line, but before advancing against the enemy's works was relieved by a division of the Sixteenth Corps, and ordered to move to the rear and act as reserve. Encamped one mile and a half south of Blakely. April 10, moved three miles to the right and went into camp. April 11, orders came at dusk to move. Command moved back to Starke's Landing. The march was continued slowly and unevenly during the entire night. It was daylight when the landing was reached. April 12, embarked on steam-ship Alabama, and proceeded to the opposite side of the bay; disembarked at what is called Magnolia Race Course Wharf, five miles below the city of Mobile. Line of march was immediately formed. Proceeded to within a mile of the city, where dispositions were made to encamp during the night; but orders came to move through to the opposite side of the city, which was done between the hours of 10 and 11 o'clock. The regiment bivouacked behind the fortifications in the western limits of the city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. E. GREENE,

Major, Commanding.

Captain S. A. WALLING,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, First Div., 13th Army Corps.

Numbers 26. Report of Lieutenant George W. Taylor, Fourth Battery (D) Massachusetts Light Artillery, of operations April 9.
HDQRS. FOURTH MASSACHUSETTS BATTERY VET. VOLS.,Before Blakely, Ala., April 10, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fourth Massachusetts Battery Veteran Volunteers in the action of the 9th instant:

According to instructions received I placed my battery in position at 10 a.m., one section under Lieutenant Briggs in the redan built for the section of Marland's battery, one section under Lieutenant Jenkins in the work built by Captain Green, of the engineers, and on right of

