
Colonel Drew's command. One section under Lieutenant Manning was stationed in the open plain to the left of the Indiana battery. Firing upon the enemy's works was commenced at 10.30 a.m. from the three sections, and instructions given to the officers in command to prevent any boats from leaving the Blakely Wharf, and annoy them as much as possible. The firing was kept up till the works were stormed and carried by General Hawkins' division. After the rebel works were taken and the prisoners removed my guns were taken from position and returned to camp. At 9 p.m. according to instructions received, I marched my cannoneers into the rebel works and took charge of the captured guns and proper ammunition to work them in case the rebel boats should commence to fire upon the captured forts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant Commanding Fourth Massachusetts Battery Veteran Volunteers.

Brigadier-General HAWKINS.

Numbers 27. Reports of Brigadier General Christopher C. Andrews, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations March 20-April 9.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with the verbal instructions of the major-general commanding, which I had the honor to receive yesterday afternoon, I proceeded to Pollard to-day with the Second Brigade of my division. We entered Pollard at 10 o'clock this forenoon, having left our camp on this side of the Escambia at daylight. We met no resistance whatever from the enemy; did not see anything of the enemy, and from all I could learn there is no rebel force anywhere in that neighborhood. The small force that held the place appears to have left and scattered a day or two ago. I found only a small quantity of commissary stores. I caused the railroad track to be torn up for some distance, the railroad bridge to be burned, and the telegraph line to be destroyed. Also took the telegraph operator and his instruments. Three public buildings which had been used for military stores and offices I caused to be burned. This was accomplished by 12 o'clock, at which time I started back, arriving in camp by 3 p.m. I would remark that this brigade had made a long march yesterday, having come from Pine Barren Creek to the Escambia, following General Lucas' cavalry rapidly in case it should be needed as a support. Arriving here in camp in the middle of the afternoon, a detail under the direction of Colonel Spicely, the brigade commander, soon prepared a long foot bridge on the railroad trestle over the Escambia, upon which the brigade crossed this morning. We repaired the bridge over the Little Escambia, the plank on which had been entirely taken up and removed. Officers as well as men made the march on foot. In compliance with an order which I left for Colonel Moore, commanding Third Brigade, to be delivered to him to-day upon the arrival of that brigade in camp, one regiment, the Eighty-third Ohio, was sent across the Escambia about two miles and a half as a reserve in case it should be needed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain JOHN F. LACEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General

