
daylight on the 20th day of March from Pensacola, and moving about twelve miles encamped for the night. Owing to the bad condition of the roads my train did not get in until about 10 o'clock that evening. During the night it rained heavily, rendering the roads, already very bad, almost impassable for trains and artillery. My division moved forward the next morning about three miles farther to a point called the Fiften-Mile House, on the Pensacola and Montgomery Railroad. Our train did not get lengthened out until about 4 p.m., and we were obliged to corduroy the road nearly the whole distance. Remained in camp at the Fifteen-Mile House until the morning of the 23rd, when we moved forward, my division being in the rear. Marched that day about ten miles. Roads in very bad condition. We encamped on Pine Barren Creek. The enemy having destroyed bridge over the creek at this place, I was ordered to send my pioneer company and a large detail of men to assist in repairing it. It was repaired, and my division commenced crossing about 4 p.m. of the 24th; got my artillery train, &amp;c., all across that night and camped about one mile from the creek. Moved forward the next morning at daylight, marching in rear of cavalry. About 10 a.m. received word from General Lucas, commanding cavalry brigade, that he had met the enemy in front and captured three or four of them. Crossed Mitchell's Creek about noon, and resting a short time moved on about three miles farther, crossing Canoe Creek, where we received orders to encamp. The roads passed over during the day were very bad. The Third Brigade, having charge of the train, was not yet up. Shortly after halting I received orders to move forward rapidly with one brigade to the support of General Lucas, who was fighting the enemy in front. Though somewhat wearied, the men moved forward with alacrity until we came up with General Lucas at the Escambia River, making a march this day of seventeen miles. The Second Brigade, after making this long march, constructed a bridge over the Escambia to enable them to move forward the next morning to Pollard, a distance of five miles. The Third Brigade camped that night at Canoe Creek, and did not reach the Escambia until noon of the next day. Starting at daylight on the 26th I marched with the Second Brigade to Pollard to discover if the enemy was in force at that place, and to destroy the store-houses, &c., at that point. Not being able to get horses across the river, every one was obliged to move on foot. The roads were very bad, having in some places to wade knee deep in mud and water. Reached Pollard about 11 a.m., without discovering anything of the enemy; cut the telegraph wires and poles for some distance and captured the operator; burned three store-houses, and tore up the railroad track for about 1,000 yards, returning to our camp at the Escambia that afternoon. Received orders that evening to issue only half rations thereafter. My provost-marshal had turned over to him at this place about 120 prisoners captured by General Lucas' command the day before, and which, as well as those captured by Spurling, we were required to guard and feed during the remainder of the march. Received orders to march the next day (the 27th) as soon as the rest of the troops (Lucas' cavalry brigade and Hawkins' division of colored troops) were out of the way. We did not commence moving forward until about 11 a.m., as the rear of the advance train did not clear the way until that time. Leaving one brigade (the Second) with the train, I moved on with the other until I reached Canoe Station, a distance of thirteen miles. The brigade with the train could not get through to Canoe Station that night, and camped four miles from there, near the residence of Mr. Miles. Received orders

