
to continue our march as soon as the brigade with the train should get closed up. By having all the men in both brigades at work I succeeded in getting my train up to Canoe Station about noon; and after resting for a short time moved on about four miles farther, when I halted for the night. Moved forward again the next morning at daylight and came up with Hawkins' division at about 10 a.m.; passed them, and halting about two miles beyond, set all my men at work building roads over which my train and artillery could pass. It rained heavily during the afternoon, and I was unable to get more than three miles beyond Hawkins' division, when I again encamped for the night. Moved forward the next morning as soon as Hawkins' division had passed; had large parties at work besides my pioneer corps constructing roads, and succeeded in making this day about nine miles (from the Perdido to about two miles beyond McGill's). Received orders to move forward as early as possible the next morning; starting at daylight, came up with the advance cavalry about 9 a.m., having marched seven miles. Was ordered to move on to Stockton, nine miles farther, which place we reached and got into camp about 3 p.m. The roads marched over this day were good. The next day (April 1) marching in rear of cavalry and Hawkins' division made about fourteen miles and camped at Hall's railroad crossing. Three hundred yards of track were here torn up by the Twenty-fourth Indiana Volunteers.

Marched at daylight the next morning and arrived before Blakely about 10 a.m. Rested a short time and then moved forward in column by company; formed a strong line of skirmishers and commenced driving the enemy toward their works. The enemy's skirmishers fired quite briskly, and their artillery also fired a great deal. We drove the enemy to within about 1,000 yards of their works, and there forming my division in line of battle in rear of my line of skirmishers, commenced entrenching. My skirmish line extended from Hawkins' left to Bay Minette, a distance of two miles. On the evening of the 4th instant, at about 5 o'clock, my left (Moore's brigade) was advanced about 300 yards; the Second Brigade on my right advanced about 200 yards. Our men cheered at the time on account of the bombardment of Spanish Fort, and the enemy's skirmishers, supposing we were going to assault, fell back rapidly. Veatch's division on the evening of the 4th instant joined me on the left, enabling me to shorten my line. April 5, fourth day of investment of Blakely. The enemy continued his fire from artillery and sharpshooters spiritedly. My loss during the day was quite small-1 killed and 3 wounded. One of Hotchkiss' guns of the Second Connecticut Battery opened at daylight upon the enemy. I extended my right about 250 yards to connect with Hawkins. In the evening at about 8 o'clock the Second Brigade advanced about 150 yards and to within eighty yards of the enemy's outer line of abatis. April 6, at 3.30 a.m. the enemy made a sortie on my left, commencing his movements with a cheer. The musketry fire was heavy for about half an hour, and the atmosphere being dense, the sound of the firing seemed so near as to cause, in my mind, some apprehension (my men having for several days and nights been performing most laborious duty) Lieutenant Pettibone, aide-de-camp, hastened down to the line and reported all safe. The attack was mainly against our working party for the Fifteenth Massachusetts Battery and was effectually repulsed. Two more of Captain Hotchkiss' rifled guns having got into position last night, opened with good effect, and this morning sent two balls through the rebel headquarters' tent, compelling a hasty removal of tent and colors in front. Sharp artillery firing during the forenoon.

