
Work on rifle-pits progressing rapidly. Friday, April 7, sixth day of investment, at a little before daylight, the enemy attempted to drive in my line of skirmishers on the left in front of the Third Brigade, but were repulsed. The firing was sharp for half an hour. Three guns of the Fifteenth Massachusetts Battery (Napoleons) opened at daylight from the battery near the right of Moore's advanced parallel, but were soon silenced by the fire from a 4-inch rifled gun and 24-pounder howitzer immediately in front at a range of about 500 yards. Moore's line of pits was widened and a new approach commenced to the front from about the center of his line. On the left of the Second Brigade (Spicely's) made 150 yards of rifle-pits on rather a commanding crest, to which approaches were finished yesterday. This line is about 500 yards from the enemy's works fronting the Stockton road. Hotchkiss' three guns do good service and remain uninjured. Rained heavily during the afternoon. Saturday, April 8, at 1 o'clock this morning the enemy, with his usual enterprise, made an attack on my right that was finally repulsed. His artillery and musketry fire was brisk for half an hour; the signal for attack was a blue light. He opened with his artillery again at 8 a.m., and continued a heavy fire for an hour. The advanced rifle-pit on the right was extended last night about fifty yards. The Fifteenth Massachusetts Battery repaired their embrasures and opened again with some effect this morning. Sunday, April 9, considerable progress made by digging rifle-pits and approaches. Artillery fire during the day unusually light. It having been reported the enemy were evacuating Blakely, I at about 3.30 p.m. sent Lieutenant Pettibone, aide-de-camp, to Major-General Steele's for permission to advance my skirmishers so as to develop the enemy. This was granted, and after sending to General Hawkins, on my right, to have concert of action in the advance, I arranged at short notice to advance my line at 5.30, the time fixed upon. The part which my division took in the brilliant and triumphant assault upon the enemy's works I have attempted to describe in my report to Major-General Steele, a copy of which I beg leave to inclose herewith.* I would further add that the two brigades of my division have dug 5,571 yards of rifle-pits and approaches in the seven days preceding the assault. It may be worthy of remark that in the long and difficult march from Pensacola to Blakely only one wagon of my train was lost.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Starke's Landing, Ala., April 13, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following recommendations for the promotion of officers in my division:

First. Colonel William T. Spicely, Twenty-fourth Regiment Indiana Veteran Volunteer Infantry, commanding Second Brigade of this division, to be brevet brigadier-general of volunteers, for personal gallantry in the assault on Fort Blakely on the 9th instant, for great zeal, courage, and enterprise exhibited night and day during the week of the investment (in the course of which time he was wounded), as well as for habitual zeal and efficiency as an officer.

---------------

*See p.201.

---------------

