
Second. Lieutenant Colonel Victor Vifquain, commanding Ninety-seventh Regiment Illinois Infantry, to be colonel by brevet, for the noble and gallant manner in which he led his regiment in advance in the charge on the enemy's fortifications at Blakely on the 9th instant, for his remarkable energy and his skill in directing the construction of earth-works by the Second Brigade, and for his general efficiency and earnestness as a regimental commander, and having a regiment of superior discipline.

Third. Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Baldwin, Eighty-third Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, to be colonel by brevet, for the gallant and heroic manner in which he conducted his regiment in its glorious and triumphant charge on one of the strongest of the enemy's redoubts at Fort Blakely on the 9th instant, and for his habitual zeal and efficiency.

Fourth. Lieutenant Colonel Oran Perry, Sixty-ninth Battalion Indiana Infantry, to be colonel by brevet, for the resolute and courageous manner in which he led his battalion in the charge on Fort Blakely on the 9th instant (during which he was severely wounded), for his zeal as an officer, and for having a splendid and efficient battalion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

No. 28. Reports of Colonel Henry Bertram, Twentieth Wisconsin Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations March 25-April 14.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS,Spanish Fort, Ala., April 11, 1865.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the late siege and subsequent capture of Spanish Fort, Ala.:

On the morning of the 25th ultimo, in obedience to orders from the major-general commanding, I moved out with my command, consisting of the Twentieth Wisconsin, Ninety-fourth Illinois, Twenty-third and Nineteenth Iowa Regiments of Volunteer Infantry, and Battery F, First Missouri Light Artillery, from camp at Fish River, on the bay road, encamping at Montrose that night, and reaching D'Olive's Creek on the evening of the 26th. On the 27th ultimo I crossed D'Olive's Creek, taking position on the extreme left of the investing line, my left resting on the extremity of the high ground n ear the bay shore. The extent of my front was such as to be fully covered by two regiments, who were ordered to occupy this line and drive the enemy back to his rifle-pits, which was successfully executed. Battery F, First Missouri Light Artillery, commanded by Captain Joseph Foust, was placed in the center of the line at a distance of 1,300 yards from the rebel fort, and opened on the enemy at 5.30 p.m. The enemy replied from two guns, wounding several men. The regiments occupying the front were immediately set to work entrenching their position. On the night of the 27th breast-works were constructed on the same line 300 yards under the fire of the enemy, with but few casualties. The new position was immediately entrenched for infantry and artillery. After dark one

