
regiment was thrown 200 yards in advance, and there constructed a line of rifle-pits. Breast-works were immediately constructed in the rear of this line and one section of Foust's battery placed in position. Meantime General Veatch, commanding First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, had extended his left so as to bring one regiment in rear of my right. On the morning of the 29th the enemy's artillery fire was so vigorous as to give evidence that he had increased the number and caliber of guns in my immediate front. The fire of Captain Foust's guns was so well directed as to silence the enemy at intervals and weaken his fire toward the afternoon. On the night of the 30th I advanced my skirmish line 100 yards, extending it to the left as far as the nature of the ground permitted, occupying a spur of high ground 300 yards from the parapet of Fort Alexis. On the 30th [31st] the trenches and saps were widened so as to admit of the movement of infantry in a column, covered from the fire of small-arms.

On the 1st of April works were commenced on a position for a siege battery. From the 1st to the 8th instant the skirmish line was gradually advanced on the brow of the spur, within a distance of 250 yards of the parapet of Fort Alexis, and 100 yards from the enemy's main line of rifle-pits. Throughout the siege heavy details from the regiments not actually in front were employed in widening and strengthening the parallels, and connecting them with approaches so as to admit the concentration of a heavy infantry fire on any part of the front. Up to the 4th instant two regiments were constantly in line in the front, and from that time until the occupation of the fort one regiment was and the advance parallel, supported by another in the next parallel in rear. After a severe bombardment, and about 11.30 p.m. on the 8th instant, the regiments in the advance pits, on account of the silence of the enemy's fire from the rifle-pits, surmised that they were evacuating, and a reconnoitering party sent out meeting with no opposition, I immediately moved forward my whole command and at 12.30 a.m. the 9th instant took possession of Fort Alexis and Spanish Fort. I take great pleasure in recording my appreciation of the efficient service rendered by Captain Foust's battery, and the zeal and ability displayed by the officers and men of my command.

Respectfully submitted.

HENRY BERTRAM,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Thirteenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES EAST OF MOBILE BAY,Spanish Fort, Ala., April 21, 1865.

MAJOR: In addition to my former report of the part taken by the First Brigade, Second Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, in the siege and capture of Fort Alexis and Spanish Fort, Ala., I have the honor to annex the following report of events subsequent to that date, resulting in part from their capture:

I received April 9, 1865, from corps headquarters, an order directing me to take charge of all prisoners of war at this place. I at once on receipt of the order adopted measures for their safe-keeping, and found them to muster, inclusive of commissioned officers, 556 men. This number was subsequently increased by the arrival of prisoners captured at Fort Blakely to 232 commissioned officers and 3,386 enlisted men.

