
the various commands. I also herewith submit the reports of commandants of regiments of my command, also a list of killed and wounded. *

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. SPICELY,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigadier, Second Div., 13th Army Corps.

Captain GEORGE MONROE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 31. Report of Colonel Samuel T. Busey, Seventy-sixth Illinois Infantry, of operations April 2-9.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-SIXTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Blakely, Ala., April 11, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular from your headquarters, dated April 10, 1865, I have the honor to make the following report:

I arrived with my command near Blakely, Ala., on the morning of April 2; went into camp until evening, when the line advanced, holding my position on the left center of brigade, when I halted where my present camp is situated until the following morning, when two-thirds of my command were ordered on duty, the remainder being ordered to arrange a camp and protect themselves, which was necessary, as in my situation we were under a heavy fire from the artillery of the enemy. During the siege we advanced with remainder of brigade several times and had on duty daily about 300 men. On the afternoon of the 9th instant orders were received that an advanced would be made at 5 o'clock. I took my position in the third parallel on the right center of the brigade, and when ordered advanced, passing the skirmishers at the first abatis, arriving at the enemy's works in advance of any other troops, where we planted our colors (which were almost severed from the staff) fifty yards left of the bastion on our right. After planting our colors on the parapet one of the color guard took them, went to the bastion on our right, walking on the parapet, and while planting our colors on the parapet one of the color guard took them, went to the bastion on our right, walking on the parapet, and while planting them there was knocked senseless by the concussion of a gun fired, falling inside with the colors in his arms, where he was killed by a rebel officer. In the charge my color-sergeant and 1 of the color guards were killed and 3 color guards wounded. Although the entire command is deserving of great credit and praise, I claim for my command the honor of first entering the enemy's works and planting our colors thereon, in proof of which I will state that I had 5 killed and 15 wounded, including 2 officers, inside the works. I captured 14 officers, including a brigadier-general and colonel, and 400 enlisted men, besides the guns in the bastion. A report has been furnished of losses.* All are entitled to much honor for their gallant conduct through the entire affair.

Very respectfully,

S. T. BUSEY,

Colonel Seventy-sixth Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

Captain FRED. T. LEWIS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Second Div., 13th Army Corps.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p.111.

---------------

