
Traylor, of Company C, has the honor of being the first of the regiment to enter the enemy's works. I append a list of casualties in the regiment.*

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

F. A. SEARS,

Lieutenant Colonel Twenty-fourth Indiana Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Captain FRED. T. LEWIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 34. Report of Colonel Frederick W. Moore, Eighty-third Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations April 2-9.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS,Near Blakely, Ala., April 10, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the operations of my command before defenses of Blakely, Ala., as follows:

On the 2nd day of April, 1865, under the instructions of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews, commanding Second Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, I placed my command in position within 1,000 yards of the enemy's line of fortifications, my left resting on the Blakely and Pensacola road, my right on the left of the Second Brigade, same division, regiments arranged as follows, respectively, commencing on the right: The Eighty-third Ohio, One hundred and fourteenth Ohio, Twentieth Iowa, and the Thirty-seventh Illinois, the Thirty-fourth Iowa being held in reserve. In this position my command remained during the 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th days of April, taking advantage of every available moment to construct rifle-pits in my immediate front. Up to the 9th instant three parallels were constructed, covering the entire length of my line, with regular approaches connecting the first with the third. The first and second lines measure in length 1,555 yards, ranging from four to six feet in width, the third and last line being about 500 yards from the enemy's works, measuring in length 563 feet and eight feet in width. Two approaches were commenced from the third parallel, and had reached a distance of seventy-five yards to the front at 4.30 p.m. of the 9th instant, when I received instructions from Brigadier General C. C. Andrews to hold my command in readiness to [move] upon the enemy's works. In one-half hour my command was disposed as follows: The Thirty-fourth Iowa, One hundred and fourteenth Ohio, Twentieth Iowa, and the Thirty-seventh Illinois were placed in line in the third parallel, the Eighty-third Ohio deployed as skirmishers at intervals of three paces, covering the entire front of four above-mentioned regiments, advanced one pace. At about 5.45 o'clock, through previous instructions, I discovered the signal from the right to advance. I immediately ordered my line of skirmishers forward. But a moment elapsesd before this line cleared the parapet and swept forward under a destructive fire of artillery and musketry, and continued to advance without the slightest pause. When they reached the distance of about 300 yards from the starting point I commanded the main line to move forward, which command they obeyed with eagerness, struggling through an abatis covering the whole front, subject to

---------------

*Embodied in table, p.111.

---------------

