
from the command of Colonel Bertram. Having received orders on the morning of the 9th to withdrawn my artillery and move to Blakely, it was promptly done, and the command marched via O. Sibley's Mills, a distance of eight miles, to Blakely, where, while forming in support of the right of Major-General Steele's lines, the successful assault of his troops relieved my command of all their anticipated operations thereat. After a rest of two days, at dusk of the 11th instant my division was, pursuant to orders, on the road, and at midnight arrived at Starke's Landing. Colonel Grier's brigade had moved to Spanish Fort in the afternoon and here rejoined the division. As rapidly as possible the division embarked on transports and landed about 10 o'clock next morning at Magnolia Race-Course, west side of Mobile Bay, five miles from Mobile, and together with Brigadier-General Veatch's division marched to the outer works of Mobile and there encamped. Having thus, within less than a month after taking at Fort Morgan the advance of the army operating against Mobile, participated in all the labor and all the glorious successes of that army, which have resulted in the peaceful occupation of its objective point, a city which fell not until Richmond itself had fallen, and the great armies of Lee and Johnston surrendered, we quietly encamped within its defenses.

The reports of my brigade commanders are herewith respectfully forwarded. The casualties which have occurred in my division during the time covered by this report are as follows: Killed, 16; wounded, 116; captured, 27; missing in action, 1. Total, 160.* When all did so well it almost seems invidious to particularize, still I cannot close this report without recommending the promotion of

Bvt. Brigadier General D. P. Grier, Colonel H. M. Day, Ninety-first Illinois Volunteers, and Colonel Conrad Krez, Twenty-seventh Wisconsin Volunteers, commanding First, Second, and Third Brigades, respectively. To my entire staff I am gratefully indebted for prompt and valuable assistance. They all did well. Lieutenant Colonel Robert F. Patterson, Twenty-ninth Iowa Volunteers, inspector-general and chief of staff, won the admiration of the entire command by his sleepless vigilance and soldierly bearing. I respectfully recommend his promotion to the rank of brigadier-general. He has fully earned it, and it is an appointment fit to be made. Lieutenant Colonel C. A. Smith, Thirty-fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, provost-marshal; Surg. Benjamin Durham, chief medical officer; Captain John D. Rouse, Seventy-seventh Illinois Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant W. H. York, Twentieth Wisconsin, acting assistant quartermaster; Captain D. K. Hall, commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant J. M. Shields, acting ordnance officer, and Lieutenant F. E. Starck, Twentieth Iowa Volunteers, and Lieutenant John A. Prindle, Seventh Vermont Veteran Volunteers, aides-de-camp, have my thanks; and I respectfully recommend Captain John D. Rouse, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Captain Arnout Cannon, Ninety-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, acting engineer, for promotion, for rare efficiency and gallant bearing under fire.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

W. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Thirteenth Army Corps.

---------------

*But see table, p.112.

---------------

