
March 16.-Major-General Stanley and staff will leave for Knoxville by railroad to-morrow morning. 11 a. m., issue orders for Second Division (General Elliott's) to remain at Huntsville until otherwise ordered by General Thomas. The transportation of the division will be shipped, though, to Knoxville. In the absence of General Stanley (he starts to-morrow) Brigadier-General Elliott will have command and control of all troops and property of the Fourth Corps left behind, and will send forward the artillery and transportation of the corps to Knoxville, Tenn., as rapidly as possible, as soon as cars can be obtained, in the following order: First Artillery Brigade, with batteries, transportation, &amp;c., second the transportation of the First Division; third, the transportation of the Third Division; fourth, ambulance corps, with ambulances, hospitals, &c.; fifth, pontoon train; sixth, transportation of Second Division. All the animals of the trains will be taken on the cars. Officers having charge of these trains will report to General Elliott for orders. 11.30 a. m., the last troops of the Third division, that remained behind yesterday, have now gone. The only troops of the corps remaining here now are with the Second Division and Artillery Brigade.

March 17.- 11 a. m., left Huntsville for Knoxville, Tenn. The First Division of the corps is now at Strawberry Plains, Tenn., about fifteen miles beyond Knoxville, and the Third Division is arriving at New Market, about twenty-five miles east of Knoxville, on the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad. It will camp there for the present. The Second Division will remain in Huntsville until the Artillery Brigade and the transportation of the corps is shipped of to Knoxville. The shipment of the artillery will commence to-night. 10 p. m., reach Chattanooga, Tenn., and will remain here to-night.

March 18.-7 a. m., General Stanley called on General Thomas, who is at present in Chattanooga, passing through on his way from Knoxville to Nashville. General Thomas informed General S[tanley] that the railroad (East Tennessee and Virginia) is being repaired eastward from Strawberry Plains (fifteen miles from Knoxville), and he directs that General S[tanley] protect the working parties on the road; that as soon as the road is finished to Bull's Gap he place two divisions at Carter's Station, on the Watauga River, beyond the gap, and to place one brigade at Kingsport, northeast of the gap. It is supposed that the road will be completed to Bull's Gap within two weeks. The two divisions are first to be sent to Bull's Gap, as soon as the road can be finished to that point, and afterward to be pushed on to Carter's Station. These troops can not move until their transportation arrives . 8 a. m., leave Chattanooga for Knoxville and New Market.

KNOXVILLE, TENN.

March 19-10 a. m., arrive at Knoxville, Tenn. 6 p. m., leave Knoxville for New Market. The First Division of the corps is now at Strawberry Plains and the Third Division at New Market, ten miles beyond, on the railroad.

NEW MARKET, EAST TENN.

March 20.-2 a. m., corps headquarters arrive at New Market and the same will be established here, to remain to until further orders. 4 p. m., the Artillery Brigade of the corps is now arriving (by railroad) at New Market. 4.30 p. m., Brigadier-General Elliott, commanding Second Division, at Huntsville, telegraphs that he is now shipping from

