
testifying to the prompt and cheerful manner in which both officers and men of my command discharged their duties, and am proud to say that I have no instance of misbehavior on the part of either to record.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. DAY,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain J. D. ROUSE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Thirteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD 13TH ARMY CORPS,Eight-Mile Station, Ala., April 16, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade from the 10th day of April, 1865, to the 5th day of April, 1865, inclusive:

At sunset on the evening of the 11th, the brigade being in camp near Blakely, Ala., orders were received from division headquarters to march at once. The brigade was immediately formed and marched in advance of the division to Starke's Landing, a distance of nine miles, and embarked on board transports. At an early hour next morning the fleet crossed Mobile Bay, landed during the day, and marched to within one mile and a half of the city without encountering any opposing force, the enemy having evacuated the city and defenses during the previous day and night. On the morning of the 13th the march was resumed pursuant to orders; the brigade marched through Mobile to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. To comply with orders from General Benton, commanding division, I took the Ninety-first Illinois and Twenty-ninth Iowa on the railroad track and pushed on to Whister; the Seventh Vermont and Twenty-ninth Iowa marched with the main column. The two regiments on the railroad track were pushed on to the village as rapidly as possible. Shortly before reaching the place four companies of the Ninety-first Illinois, that had been sent out as advance guard and flankers, were deployed as skirmishers, with orders to push on through the town. When about 150 yards beyond and to the left of the railroad they came in contact with a force of rebel cavalry. The Ninety-first Illinois were immediately ordered up on double-quick, and pushed forward to support the skirmish line, which was closely engaged. Colonel Benton, coming up with the Twenty-ninth Iowa, formed his regiment on the left of the Ninety-first Illinois. This movement was scarcely executed when Colonel Holbrook came up with the Seventh Vermont and Fiftieth Indiana. These last regiments were immediately formed as a support for those in front. The skirmishers had by this time advanced to within a few yards of Eight-Mile Creek bridge, where the enemy had posted about 300 men to burn the bridge, upon which several fires were already lighted. Quite a sharp fire was kept up here for four or five minutes, when I ordered Captain Augustus P. Stover, Ninety-first Illinois Volunteers, with twenty men of the skirmish line, to charge over the bridge, which he did, driving the enemy from his position. The pursuit was kept up for about a mile and a half, but the enemy being mounted and scattered in confusion, a farther advance was deemed useless. In this affair the Ninety-first Illinois lost 1 mortally and 2 seriously wounded. The enemy's loss, as near as can be ascertained, was 4 killed and 2 wounded. In closing this report I desire to make special mention of the prompt manner in which Colonel W. C. Holbrook, commanding Seventh Vermont Veteran Volunteers, brought up his regiment and the Fiftieth Indiana to support the two regiments in advance. The brigade is now

