
encamped at Eight-Mile Station, where I have put a grist-mill and saw-mill into operation. Yesterday (15th) a detachment of the brigade under Colonel Benton, Twenty-ninth Iowa Volunteers, while out scouting, captured two rebel prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. DAY,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain J. D. ROUSE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

No. 38. Reports of Colonel William C. Holbrook, Seventh Vermont Infantry, of operations March 17-April 17.
HDQRS. SEVENTH VERMONT VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, near Mobile, Ala., April 17, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the siege of Spanish Fort, Ala., near Mobile, Ala.:

The regiment left Mobile Point March 17, and arrived before Spanish Fort on the morning of March 27, 1865. The division to which the regiment is attached (Third division, Thirteenth Army Corps) was massed and moved forward to within about 500 yards of the rebel works, driving back the enemy's skirmishers as it advanced. The line was here halted, and we remained in this position during the day, subjected to a heavy fire of artillery and musketry. At night-fall a line of works was commenced, and during the night we moved into the trenches. The regiment daily furnished one or two companies for the skirmish line. The advance rifle-pits were within a few yards of the rebel works. Those held by this regiment were exposed to an incessant flank fire from the enemy's artillery. Captain Stearns and 21 men of Company K were captured in these pits. The enemy's shells had compelled his supports to fall back, and had set fire to the grass and fallen timber in his rear, enveloping the entire line in a dense cloud of smoke. Captain Stearns, however, maintained his position. About dark the rebels made a sortie, capturing him and 21 of his men. During the last days of the siege the regiment assisted in putting the siege guns into position and making approaches. In this perilous operations several were wounded. The regiment has in every instance done excellently well, and both officers and men have behaved with great gallantry.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. HOLBROOK,

Colonel Seventh Vermont Veteran Volunteers.

PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector General, State of Vermont.
HDQRS. SEVENTH VERMONT VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Whistler, Ala., April 17, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the operations of this regiment subsequent to the capture of Spanish Fort, Ala.:

Immediately after the fall of Spanish Fort the regiment proceeded to Blakely, where it remained two days. On the evening of the 11th

