
left, connecting with the Thirteenth Corps on the left and the Third Division on the right, with their lines advanced to within about 400 yards of the enemy's works, at which distance the first parallel was made. From this parallel saps were worked forward by each brigade, and these again connected by trenches at a distance of about 200 yards from the enemy's works. From the second parallel saps were again worked forward by each brigade to distances varying form twenty-five to seventy-five yards, depending upon the nature of the ground. The saps of the First Division were the nearest to the works of the enemy at the time of the capture of the forts. During the time occupied in making these approaches, siege artillery was brought forward and placed in every available position along the line. Two forts of the enemy, Forts Huger and Tracy, situated on islands above Spanish Fort, enfiladed the right of my line, and, with the assistance of two gun-boats, killed and wounded many men in the Third Division. They so completely enfiladed my right flank that it became necessary to build traverses on the right of every exposed company. Every man in my command was on duty once in twenty-four hours, and at one time in the Third Division the officers and non-commissioned officers held the trenches while the men slept. Two 30-pounder batteries of the First Indiana Heavy Artillery arriving, were placed on the bay in rear of the right of my line, and by them the gun-boats were driven away and the two forts nearly silenced. Siege mortars were placed along the first parallel and the pioneer corps of both divisions instructed to manufacture wooden mortars of 4.62 for use in the saps. Six were made by each division and rendered excellent service. Everything being prepared, on the 8th of April orders were received to open at 5.30 p.m., with every piece that could throw iron into the fort, and continue until dark. Both divisions were ordered into the trenches to be ready for any emergency. Just before dark, pushing forward two companies of skirmishers on the extreme right of the Third Division, supported by the remainder of the regiment, they succeeded in gaining a foothold on the left of the enemy's works, enfilanding the left of their line with musketry. The other regiments of the brigade (Third Brigade, Third Division, Colonel J. L. Geddes, Eighth Iowa Infantry, commanding) following immediately, they took about 300 yards of the enemy's main line of works, capturing many prisoners in them. As soon as support could be withdrawn from other parts of the line and sent them, they continued advancing slowly, meeting with but little resistance, and by midnight the whole fort was in our possession. About two-thirds of the garrison escaped by crossing the river on a foot bridge to the island on which Fort Huger was situated, and from thence by steamers to Blakely. The captures amounted to 540 prisoners, 46 pieces of artillery, including three 7-inch Brooke in the water battery, and two 8-inch columbiads in front, and 4 stand of colors. Our entire loss during the siege is 26 killed, 319 wounded, and 3 captured; total, 348. The fort and its contents were turned over to Major General Gordon Granger on the morning of the 9th of April, and my forces withdrawn and sent to the support of General Garrard at Blakely, where he had been ordered to co-operate with General Steele and complete the line of investment on the 3rd of April. On the morning of the 9th of April I directed General Garrard to assault Fort Blakely at 5.30 that night, and also directed Generals McArthur and Carr to move within supporting distance and assist him, if necessary. General Garrard made the assault at the time indicated by advancing a double line of skirmishers, followed by a second line of the same kind,

