
that point the transportation of the corps to Knoxville. The transportation of the First Division will be unloaded at Knoxville and that the Third Division at New Market; not yet determined where to unload that of the Second Division. 5 p. m., all of the Artillery Brigade has arrived at New Market.

March 21.-No movements of the corps to-day. It is supposed that the transportation of the First Division will arrive at Knoxville to-morrow. If so, it will be sent to Strawberry Plains by dirt road. As soon as it arrives there part of the division will start for the front.

March 22.-Transportation of First division arriving at Knoxville. No movements of the corps to-day.

March 23.-No movement of any part of the of the corps to-day. The transportation and supplies not yet up. The wagons, horses, &amp;c., of the Third Division are being shipped from Huntsville and will commence to arrive at New Market, per railroad, to-night.

March 24.-Colonel Kirby's brigade of the First Division left Strawberry Plains this morning for Russellville, about five miles southwest of Bull's Gap. It will go to this point to cover the working parties on the railroad. 1.30 p. m., Kirby's brigade arrives at New Market, and will proceed at once to Mossy Creek, where it will camp for the night. To morrow morning it will march for Russellville. 9 p. m., received a dispatch from Captain King, commissary of subsistence, at Morristown, thirteen miles beyond Mossy Creek, who says that it is reported that Morristown will be attacked by 300 rebels to-night; that they are coming from the direction of the French Broad River; and that there are 40,000 rations a large quantity of forage, &c., at that place, and only fifteen soldiers to guard it. 10.30 p. m., a railroad train is just leaving New Market for Morristown, and Colonel Kirby (who is near Mossy Creek) is directed to send a regiment to that place on said train. The train will stop at Mossy Creek for these troops.

March 25.-8 a. m., received telegram from Morristown. The rebels did not make their appearance last night. Two brigades of the First Division (Kimball's) started for the front this morning. The remaining brigade (Colonel Kirby's) passed New Market yesterday on the march to the front. 1 p.m., General Kimball arrives at New Market with two brigades. He will camp at Mossy Creek to-night and to-morrow will proceed to Morristown, or a distance beyond far enough to cover the working party on the railroad. Corps headquarters will move to Morristown or beyond to-morrow.

March 26.-The transportation of the Third Division arrived at Knoxville last night, and will leave that place for said division at New Market this morning. 8 a. m., General Kimball leaves Mossy Creek with the First Division for Russellville. 9 a. m., corps headquarters leaves for Morristown. 4 p. m., corps headquarters reaches Morristown and will remained there to-night . 5 p. m. the First Division reaches Russellville. The railroad men have finished the road to this place, and the division will move on to Bull's Gap to-morrow. One brigade (Colonel Kirby's) will move to Lick Creek, four miles beyond the gap, to cover the party that will work at the railroad bridge and repair the road at and beyond that point. The ambulance corps of this command is arriving at Knoxville this evening.

MORRISTOWN, EAST TENN.

March 27.-The ambulance train of this command leaves Knoxville this morning for Bull's Gap via the dirt road. 8 a. m., the First Division leaves Russelville for Bull's Gap and Lick Creek. 9 a. m., corps

