
of General Carr's division on the night of the 8th of April, followed up by the other troops, resulted in the capture of the fort with its contents, the Forty-seventh Illinois Infantry of my command being the first to enter and take possession of Fort Alexis, turning the same over to the troops of the Thirteenth Army Corps on their arrival, in whose front it was situated and to whom it properly belonged.

On the morning of the 9th, in obedience to orders, the division moved to Blakely, with instructions to support the Second Division in its attack on Fort Blakely the same day, but fortunately were not required, with the exception of the Third Indiana Battery, Captain Ginn commanding, which took part with the Second Division, who performed the work in gallant style. About 2,035 yards of sap were dug and about 3,975 yards of parallels, besides two additional works for heavy guns. About 340,000 rounds of musketry ammunition were expended, and about 200 rounds of 12-pounder shell thrown from a battery of wooden mortars constructed by the pioneer corps, and which rendered excellent service in covering the working parties. The number of guns and prisoners, with the exception of 49 prisoners of was and 1 commissioned officer, were taken by the Third Division, who were the first to enter, and who are entitled to the credit of the same, with the exception of Fort Alexis with its guns, eleven in number, which were turned over by the Forty-seventh Illinois Infantry, as before mentioned, to the Thirteenth Army Corps. The skirmishers of the Second Brigade, under command of Captain French, of the Fifth Minnesota Infantry, also captured one light 12-pounder gun with a few prisoners near the steamboat landing, who were left in the fort with the others captured. The Third Brigade, Colonel W. R. Marshall commanding, were detailed a portion of the time to supply the place of General Veatch's division. For account of these operations while on such duty I respectfully refer you to the report of Colonel Marshall, accompanying this. Please find also report of the list of casualties of the division,* together with a map+ of the portion of the works occupied by the division during the siege, prepared by Captain D. W. Wellman, Ninth Minnesota Infantry, on duty as engineer of the division, to whom my thanks are especially due for efficient and skillful services rendered, and would earnestly recommend him for promotion or transfer to the Engineer Corps of the Regular Army. My thanks are also due to the other officers of my staff for earnest and untiring assistance during these operations. The wounded were promptly taken off the field and attended to under the careful supervision of Dr. M. W. Fish, of the Eleventh Missouri, senior surgeon, afterward by Doctor Hunt, surgeon of volunteers and medical director of division, to whom my thanks are due. The total casualties during these operations were, killed 16, wounded 152. The troops behaved with their usual spirit and gallantry, officers and men viewing with each other in the energetic discharge of their duty. This is attributable in an especial manner to the conduct and skillful management of the brigade commanders, Colonels McMillen, Hubbard, and Marshall. The neglect on the part of the Government to give them their well-merited promotion is felt keenly by the command. Accompanying this please find special recommendations by brigade commanders approved by me.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McARTHUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixteenth Army Corps.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p.112.

+Not found.

---------------

