
No. 44. Report of Captain Hiram A. McKelvey, Thirty-fifth Iowa Infantry, commanding Pioneer Corps, of operations March 27-April 13.
HDQRS. PIONEER CORPS, FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Ala., April 13, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit herewith a report of the proceedings of the pioneer corps during the siege of Spanish Fort, Ala.:

On the 27th ultimo I built a fortification of four embrasures in front of the right wing of the Second Brigade of this division for Reed's Second Iowa Battery. This work was done in open day on a hill about 400 yards from the enemy. During the works we were under a constant fire of musketry. A. Rogers, of the colored company, received a severe flesh wound in the left shoulder. The afternoon and night of the 30th ultimo were occupied in erecting a fortification of two embrasures in the rear of the First Brigade for a section of the First Indiana Heavy Artillery. The next day we built a magazine for this battery; also one for the small-arms ammunition of the division, and began a lot of hoods to protect the skirmishers. The time up to the 6th instant was occupied in the construction of hoods and wooden mortars. On the 6th instant I began a fortification of four embrasures on the left of the Third Brigade. This night we were exposed to a constant fire of shell from the enemy's mortars, they doing no damage, however. On the night of the 7th this work was continued, and again resumed on the night of the 8th and continued until midnight, when the announcement that the enemy had evacuated his lines rendered further work unnecessary. Up to the present date I have completed 11 wooden mortars and 400 hoods. My command throughout has evinced the utmost alacrity and patience in their work, and, notwithstanding they were often in great danger, they did their work bravely.

H. A. McKELVEY,

Captain, Thirty-fifth Iowa Infantry Volunteers,

Commanding Pioneer Corps, First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.

Captain W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 45. Report of Colonel William L. McMillen, Ninety-fifth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations March 27-April 9.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Near Blakely, Ala., April 12, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the recent operations against the enemy at Spanish Fort:

On the 27th ultimo my command, participated in the movement against and investment of the enemy's works known as Spanish Fort. The brigade occupied a position immediately on the left of the Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, the Ninety-third Indiana and Tenth Minnesota in the front line, the other regiments camped in their rear.

