
No. 46. Report of Colonel De Witt C. Thomas, Ninety-third Indiana Infantry, of operations March 19-April 9.
HEADQUARTERS NINETY-THIRD INDIANA INFANTRY,In the Field, Ala., April 12, 1865.

I have the honor to report that this command embarked on steamer J. Brown March 19 and moved up Mobile Bay to the mouth of Fish River, thence up Fish River to Dannelly's Mills, at which place disembarked on the 20th of March and went into camp. On the 22nd moved forward about half a mile and entrenched. On the 24th advanced near three miles and put up another line of works. On the morning of the 25th took up the line of march, my regiment being on the right of the brigade, arriving in front of Spanish Fort on the 27th at 10 a.m. Formed a line and advanced about three-quarters of a mile, when we found we were in the rear of one regiment of Third Division. I then moved by left flank until we unmasked, then by the right flank to a commanding position within 300 yards of the strong works of the fort and proceeded to erect fortifications. During the night made works sufficient to render tolerable safety from the enemy's fire, in which position we remained as a reserve for the pickets of the brigade until the evacuation of the fort by the enemy, and the occupation of it by our troops, compelled almost constantly to remain in the trenches and exposed daily to an almost incessant fire of the enemy's artillery and musketry. Frequently the cannonading from the enemy was terrific and well directed. The enemy's sharpshooters were untiring; not an hour, scarcely a moment in the day but the missiles from their guns were flying thick and fast, rendering it impossible to move without being in danger of them. During the night of the 8th it was ascertained that the enemy was leaving. We were ordered to move forward with the brigade; entered the fort, remained a short time, and returned to our position outside the works, capturing in the meantime 1 commissioned officer and 14 enlisted men. My thanks are due to the officers and men of the regiment, being on duty at all times and always prompt in manning the works when there was an alarm. My thanks are also due Major S. S. Crowe and Acting Adjutant Tinker for their valuable services rendered in assisting to command and superintending the construction of works, being always on the alert when danger threatened. Also to Hospital Steward L. M. Sackett, for his untiring energy and prompt attention to the sick and being ever present. Also to Sergt. Major Selar Mead, for the zeal with which he performed every duty assigned him; to Quartermaster Whiteside, Chaplain Woods, Quartermaster-Sergeant Wilson, Commissary-Sergeant Wood, for the important service rendered by them. Wounded during engagement: Private Absalom Combs, Company G, top of the head, severe; Private John W. Fender, Company F, in the wrist, slight.

DE WITT C. THOMAS,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant THEODORE LIVINGS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, First Div., 16th Army Corps.

