
been advanced to a second parallel about 100 yards farther to the front, and my snappers had reached a point and partially constructed a parallel within sixty yards of the enemy's works. My first parallel had been converted into an emplacement, in which I had located a regiment, the Forty-seventh Illinois Infantry, as a support to the sharpshooters. At about 2 a.m. of the 9th instant developments upon the right of our lines created a suspicion that the enemy was evacuating his works. Captain McGrew, of my staff, who at that time was superintending the operations of the snappers, directed Captain French to move forward his command as skirmishers and ascertain what enemy, if any, was in his front. The order was promptly obeyed, the enemy's pickets posted outside the fort captured without opposition, and the works found to be abandoned. Captain McGrew immediately moved the Forty-seventh Illinois, Major Bonham commanding, into the fort, and crossing the ravine to the left occupied Fort Alexis, placing guards upon the guns, magazines, and other property left by the enemy. In this work were ten pieces of artillery, one mortar, and much ammunition. In the meantime Captain French moved his skirmishers though Spanish Fort to the bank of the river at the point where the enemy was crossing, capturing several prisoners and one piece of artillery abandoned near the bridge. About half an hour after the occupation of Fort Alexis by the Forty-seventh Illinois the troops of General Benton's division, Thirteenth Army Corps, moved in, and Captain McGrew formally surrendered possession to Major Boydston, of General Benton's staff. At 9 a.m. on the 9th instant the command moved out on the Blakely road and encamped at night near its present location. During the siege of Spanish Fort the brigade excavated 7,000 cubic yards of earth, and expended 169,000 rounds of musket ammunition. The labors of the siege were very arduous. The men were worked by large details night and day upon fortifications and approaches, yet they bore their trials patiently, and cheerfully responded to every call of whatever character. Colonels Marsh, Gere, and Britton, and Majors Green and Bonham, commanding their respective regiments, were untiring in their efforts to facilitate the operations of the siege. Captain J. G. McGrew, aide-de-camp, rendered very valuable service while performing the dangerous duty of superintending the construction of the approaches to the enemy's works. Captains Cleland, and Kendall and Lieutenant Kelly are also entitled to much credit for their activity and energy during the recent operations.

The total casualties suffered by the brigade within the time embraced in the above report is 99, as follows:

Killed. Wounded.

Command	 Offic	 Men	 Offic	 Men	 Total

 ers	 	 ers

11th Missouri Veteran	 1	 5	 --	 27	 33

Infantry

8th Wisconsin Veteran	 --	 2	 --	 17	 19

Infantry

5th Minnesota Veteran	 --	 --	 --	 16	 16

Infantry

9th Minnesota Volunteers	 --	 2	 1	 13	 16

Infantry

47th Illinois Volunteer	 --	 1	 3	 11	 15

Infantry

Total	 1	 10	 4	 84	 99

L. F. HUBBARD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

