
ADDENDA.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Near Blakely, Ala., April 9, 1865.

Colonel L. F. HUBBARD,

Commanding Second Brigadier, First Div., Sixteenth Army Corps:

Immediately after the evacuation of Spanish Fort, by your order I moved the Forty-seventh Illinois Volunteers, Major Bonham commanding, into the enemy's works simultaneously with the troops on our right, after which I moved to the left, occupying Fort Alexis, placing guards over the guns, magazines, and various other property before the works were entered by the troops of any other command. After we had been in possession of the works about half an hour I was met by Major Boydston, of General Benton's staff, to whom I turned over the captured property, calling the attention of Major Bonham, Forty-seventh Illinois Volunteers, as well as other officers of his regiment, to the transaction, when Major Boydston placed guards over the premises. I then directed Major Bonham to return with his regiment to the remainder of the brigade within the works of Spanish Fort.

JAMES G. McGREW,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Near Blakely, Ala., April 9, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

The within statement is forwarded for the purpose of vindicating the claim of this command to the credit of first occupying and obtaining possession of the property in Fort Alexis. The facts within stated can be sustained by abundant proofs.

L. F. HUBBARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

No. 49. Report of Colonel William R. Marshall, Seventh Minnesota Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations March 20-April 9.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Blakely, Ala., April 12, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the operations against Mobile:

On the 20th of March the brigade debarked from transports at Dannelly's Mills, Fish River. On the 25th marched with the division toward Spanish Fort. During this day's march a small party of the enemy on our left flank fired a volley into the head of the brigade, only one shot taking effect. (I received a severe flesh wound or taking me off duty.) On the 27th of March, as we approach within a mile of Spanish Fort, the brigade was formed in line of battle, and moving on the left of General Hubbard's brigade advanced to within 1,200 yards of the fort. Our skirmishers advanced to within 300 yards of the enemy's works. The right of the Thirteenth Corps closed in on my left, and I was ordered to break regiments to the rear to uncover the

16 R R-VOL XLVX, PT I

