
Thirteenth Corps. This was done until I had but one regiment in the front line, the others being ployed in the rear. This position was entrenched and sheltered as well as possible from the fire of the enemy, which continually poured upon us both from musketry and artillery. A large detail was set at work on a fort for the Third Indiana Battery, and a sap toward enemy's works begun. This work was continued until the 30th, when I was ordered to report the brigade to General Granger, commanding the Thirteenth Corps. General Granger directed me to occupy the part of his line directly in front of the high fort (Fort Alexis, I believe). This line had just been vacated by General Veatch's division of Thirteenth Corps. I completed work begun by General Veatch's division, furnished heavy details for work on batteries, and advanced the parallels 150 yards, and almost to the rifle-pits of enemy's sharpshooters outside of the fort.

On the 4th of April I received orders to report back to my division commander, and took position on the left of Second Brigade. I immediately opened a trench from General Hubbard's most advanced parallel to the left, connecting with the works of the Thirteenth Corps, and dug saps leading from our main line out to the advanced trenches. On the 8th I had extended a sap, preparatory to opening a new parallel, so near the enemy's works that stones could be thrown to their rifle-pits, when on the night of the 8th instant the enemy evacuated the works. The pickets of the Third Brigade entered the fort with those of the Second Brigade. On the 9th instant the brigade marched toward Blakely, going into camp in line on left of General Hubbard's brigade. That evening the capture of Blakely ended the siege. From the 27th of March to the 8th of April, inclusive, the brigade was constantly under fire. Officers and men throughout the siege were faithful and met every requirement of duty. My acknowledgments are specially due to the commanding officers of regiments-Lieutenant Colonel William H. Heath, Thirty-third Missouri Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel William B. Keeler, Thirty-fifth Iowa Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel George Bradley, Seventh Minnesota Volunteers, and Major Samuel G. Knee, Twelfth Iowa Veteran Volunteers. Also to the members of my staff-Lieutenant Henry Hoover, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain W. A. Clark, provost-marshal (and acting engineer); Lieutenant L. W. Collins, picket officer, and Lieutenant W. M. Wetherill, aide-de-camp. A list of casualties accompanies this report. The total casualties in the brigade during the siege were: Killed-enlisted men, 2; wounded-officers, 2; enlisted men, 19.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

W. R. MARSHALL,

Colonel Seventh Minnesota Volunteers, Commanding the Brigade.

Captain W. H. F. RANDALL,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Blakely, Ala., April 12, 1865.

Captain W. H. F. RANDALL,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: In submitting a report of the operations of this brigade in the late siege of the defenses of Mobile, I beg leave to recommend the promotion of the following officers for gallant and meritorious conduct, viz: Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Heath, commanding Thirty-third Missouri Volunteers; First Lieutenant Henry Hoover, Thirty-fifth Iowa Volunteers,

