
acting assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, and First Lieutenant Loren W. Collins, Seventh Minnesota Volunteers, aide-de-camp. Lieutenant-Colonel Heath has long since earned promotion. He has served since the beginning of the war and been in many of the most important battles of the West-Fort Donelson, Shiloh, the Red River campaign, Pleasant Hill, Yellow Bayou, Tupelo, Nashville, &amp;c. (He has held a commission as colonel of his regiment since December, 1863, but the regiment, being below the minimum, could not be mustered in.) He has had brigade commands, and is a most capable and deserving officer. Lieutenant Hoover is an officer of long and faithful service, excellent capacity, and great gallantry. Lieutenant Collins has performed the arduous and responsible duties of picket officer for the brigade for nearly a year, and is an officer of unusual intelligence, activity, and gallantry.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. MARSHALL,

Colonel Seventh Minnesota Volunteers, Commanding the Brigade.

No. 50. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William B. Keeler, Thirty-fifth Iowa Infantry, of operations March 25-April 9.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-FIFTH IOWA INFANTRY,Near Blakely, Ala., April 12, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the operations at Spanish Fort and vicinity:

In obedience to orders the command broke camp at Fish River, marching and entrenching upon the 25th and 26th. Near noon of the 27th the regiment was formed in line of battle upon the left of the Thirty-third Missouri, with Company B, Captain William M. Stewart commanding, deployed as skirmishers, and moved forward till ordered to halt and intrench. At 4 p.m. Company B having exhausted their ammunition, Company C, Lieutenant Koehler commanding, was ordered to relieve them. The casualties of the day were light and as per report rendered. The regiment, in accordance with orders received, proceeded to strengthen their position and protect themselves form the fire of the enemy, remaining in that position till March 30, when they were ordered to move to the left and occupy the work before occupied by a portion of the Thirteenth Corps, remaining there until April 4, when they reoccupied their former position to the left of and in rear of the Second Brigade.

March [April] 9 the command moved to camp below Blakely and their present position. During the action and through the entire siege the conduct of both officers and men has been extremely satisfactory, they having performed duties assigned them with promptness and bravery. I append herewith list of casualties during the siege.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. KEELER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel WILLIAM R. MARSHALL,

Commanding Third Brigade, First Division, 16th Army Corps.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p.113.

---------------

