
that could be desired. They were always ready and willing to brave any exposure or undergo any fatigue which promised to advance the objects of the campaign.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. BRADLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant H. HOOVER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, First Div., 16th Army Corps.

No. 52. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William H. Heath, Thirty-third Missouri Infantry, of operations March 20-April 12.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-THIRD MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS,Blakely, Ala., April 12, 1865.

SIR: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to make the following report of operations of the Thirty-third Regiment Missouri Volunteer Infantry in the expedition against Mobile, Ala.:

March 20, 1865, the regiment embarked on steamer Lockwood at Dauphin Island and proceeded through Weeks Bay to Fish River, debarking March 21 at Dannelly's or Smith's Mills. Here formed an entrenched camp, in which we remained until March 25, when the regiment moved with the column against Spanish Fort, where it took part March 27 in the assault upon that work. The direct assault having been abandoned and siege operations ordered, the regiment on March 28 constructed bomb-proofs in front of the center of the enemy's line and within easy range of his artillery. March 30, were ordered with Third brigade to a position in front of the enemy's right and confronting his main fort, relieving General Veatch's division, of the Thirteenth Army Corps. The work here was very severe indeed. The enemy's sharpshooters were bold and vigilant and our works incomplete, the line being in addition very extended. The entire brigade was kept constantly employed day and night in sapping, strengthening half-finished works, and constant skirmishing, and while here advanced the parallel over 150 yards, and nearer to the enemy at that time than any other portion of our lines. April 4, were ordered back to our original position in the center and assisted in advancing our lines there to within 200 yards of the enemy's main works and fifty yards of his skirmish pits. At 10 p.m. April 8 the enemy evacuated his entire line at Spanish Fort and the regiment, with other troops of the command, entered his works. April 9, moved with the division to the support of the Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, confronting the enemy's right at Blakely, which place was captured by assault at 5 p.m. of the same day. The fall of Blakely virtually ended the expedition and compelled the immediate evacuation of Mobile, operations ceasing with the occupation of the city by our forces on the 12th day of April, 1865. The number of casualties was very light, only five men being wounded, and but one of those dangerously. For the report of casualties I would refer yo to the lists sent in from day to day.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WM. H. HEATH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant HENRY HOOVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

