
pleasure in acknowledging the excellent conduct of both officers and men of my command during the entire siege.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. GINN,

Captain Third Indiana Battery.

Captain W. H. F. RANDALL,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.

No. 54. Report of Captain Joseph R. Reed, Second Battery Iowa Light Artillery, of operations March 24-April 8.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND IOWA BATTERY,Near Fort Blakely, Ala., April 12, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the recent operations against the enemy:

On the 24th of March I disembarked from steamer at Fish River, and by direction of Captain J. W. Lowell, chief of artillery, Sixteenth Army Corps, reported to the general commanding First Division, and was assigned my position in the line and column of march. On the 29th ultimo, when the division arrived in front of Spanish Fort, my position in between the First and Second Brigades. In this position I formed in battery in front of the enemy's works, and was engaged during the day in firing at what is now known as the Red Bastion. At 3 o'clock next morning I moved forward and occupied a work constructed forme by the pioneer corps of the division. I occupied this work until the evacuation of Spanish Fort by the enemy, and was engaged daily with his batteries, firing in the aggregate 1,200 rounds. My loss during the siege was but a single man, Private George W. Stephenson, who was wounded by a minie-ball in the foot during the first day.

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

Captain, Commanding Second Iowa Battery.

Captain W. H. F. RANDALL,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.

No. 55. Reports of Brigadier General Kenner Garrard, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations April 3-9.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Blakely, Ala., April 11, 1865.

COLONEL: In anticipation of a detailed report of the capture of Fort Blakely, I have the honor to report that on the 9th instant I advanced my lines, carried the works, captured 21 guns, 4 mortars, and 1,524 enlisted men, and 100 officers, including 2 brigadier-generals, one of them, Brigadier-General Liddell, commanding East District of the Gulf. My loss was 41 killed and 123 wounded. I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of my officers and men, who most gallantly executed all orders given them, notwithstanding the serious obstacles in their front. Three

