
officers, Colonel Charles L. Harris, Eleventh Wisconsin Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade; Colonel John I. Rinaker, One hundred and twenty-second Illinois, commanding First Brigade, and Colonel Thomas J. Kinney, One hundred and nineteenth Illinois Volunteers, I would earnestly recommend for promotion as brigadier-generals. The two brigade commanders in the assault commanded most efficiently and gallantry their brigades, and Colonel Kinney had command of the advance regiment of his brigade in the charge, and enjoys the reputation of being the first man of his regiment on the rebel works. I sincerely trust that the soldierly and noble conduct of these officers will be recognized and rewarded by the Government by bestowing upon them a rank most meritoriously earned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Blakely, April 11, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my division in the siege and capture of Fort Blakely:

On the 3rd instant, in obedience to orders from General Canby's headquarters, I moved to this point and took position on the left of General Steele's command, with a view to commence the siege and to complete the investment. Owing to the nature of the ground and want of information it was several days before my line was extended to Bay Minette. My orders were to co-operate, advising and consulting with General Steele. On the 9th instant, the morning after the capture of Spanish Fort, General A. J. Smith, commanding corps, visited my headquarters and instructed me to assault Fort Blakely at the earliest practicable moment, and for that purpose he would order up to my assistance McArthur and Carr, and all the artillery I wanted. I would here express my thanks to him for his generous conduct, though I was fortunate enough not to be compelled to avail myself of his kind offer of more troops. During the morning I placed in position on my extreme left, to guard my lines from the fire of gun-boats, Hendricks' and Cox's batteries, of the First Indiana Heavy Artillery, consisting each of four 30-pounders. Three of these pieces were turned on the enemy's line until 5 p.m., when they ceased by my orders. At 3 p.m. on my extreme right I placed in position behind my rifle-pits Mack's Black Horse Battery of six 20-pounders, with orders not to fire except when the enemy opened, and then to silence his guns; that I did not wish a bombardment, but wanted my lines in their advance protected. Similar orders were given to the other batteries under my command, viz, Rice's Seventeenth Ohio Battery (four Napoleons), Lowell's Second Illinois Battery (four 10-pounder Parrotts), and Ginn's Third Indiana Battery (four 10-pounder Parrotts). At 2 p.m. I sent for my brigade commanders-Brigadier General J. I. Gilbert, commanding Second Brigade; Colonel C. L. Harris, Eleventh Wisconsin Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, and Colonel J. I. Rinaker, One hundred and twenty-second Illinois Volunteers, commanding First Brigade-and gave them the following orders. Brigadier-General Veatch, commanding First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, was present at the interview. I directed them to

