
camp. The whole corps, with all of the artillery, transportation, &amp;c., is now in the vicinity of Bull's Gap, with the exception of General Elliott's division and its transportation. The railroad track east of Flat Creek is being prepared for the iron. The iron cannot be brought across the creek until the railroad bridge is finished or the water goes down. Small guards of from twenty-five to fifty men each have been left at New Market, Mossy Creek, Morristown, and Russellville from the troops of this corps. These troops are to guard the railroad stations and bridges. 11 p.m., Opdycke's brigade and part of Vann Derveer's of the Second Division, reached Rogersville Junction. General Elliott, commanding division, also reached there with his headquarters . The rest of the division will come forward as fast as railroad transportation can be furnished. The transportation of the Second Division will reach the junction to-night. It is now clear, and there has been no rain since 7 a. m.

April 1.-1.30 a. m., received dispatch from Major-General Thomas, of which the following is a copy:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,March 31, 1865-4 p. m.

Major-General STANLEY,

Bull's Gap:

I wish to hear from you every day or two how you are progressing with the progressing with the repairs of the railroad. Furnish Mr. Eicholtz with sufficient force to guard the construction corps, and on arriving at Carter's Station halt for further orders, sending one division to Kingsport to look after the wagon road that passes down the valley on the north side of Holston. With one division at Kingsport, your main force at Carter's Station, and Tillson in the direction of Asheville, N. C., you will effectually cover the roads leading into East Tennessee from Virginia and North Carolina. Acknowledge receipt.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

6 a. m. sent one regiment of First Division to Greeneville, about fifteen miles east of here, to guard the railroad at that point and to keep the guerrillas out of that part of the country. General Tillson's division (not of Fourth Corps) is some distance beyond Greeneville, and there being none of the vicinity about 100 guerrillas made their appearance in the town yesterday p. m. Tillson is supposed to be at Brabson's, five miles beyond Greenville. 8.30 a. m, telegraphed to General Thomas, acknowledging receipt of his dispatch of 1.30 a. m. Informed him that the large trestle and bridge, about 1,800 feet long, at this place, would be completed to-day; that seven miles and a half of railroad east of this point is entirely destroyed, including long trestles, and that the road cannot be repaired to Carter's Station, on the Watauga, before the 20th of this month, and that the long Watauga trestle has been carried away by high water. Also informed him of the position of the troops of the corps, and that the troops are rapidly getting out railroad timber, ties, &c., 1. p. m., received a letter from Brigadier-General Tillson, commanidng Division, Department of the Cumberland, dated at junction of Babb's Mill road with Joneston and Greenville road, March 30, in which he says:

I have just received a dispatch (letter) from Major-General Stoneman. He says: " Move your command to the north of Roane's Creek where the road leaves the turnpike for Taylorsville. After you get located send a few men to Taylorsville, and about 1,000 with the smallest amount of transportation to Boone, with directions to hold Deep and Watauga Gaps. This, you will perceive, covers the whole country in our rear. If General Stanley moves forward and occupied Bristol you will be in a position to cover his right flank, as no force can pass down between Roane's Creek and the Holston River. If, with your main force at the month of Roane's Creek you can by detachments hold Taylorsville, Deep and Watauga Gaps, you have accomplished all I desire at present, and I shall feel that my rear is

