
Missouri, and to move straight forward as the line advanced, following Colonel Kinney's center, and to fill up the space between the Eighty-ninth Indiana and Twenty-first Missouri, as these two regiments separated to the right and left, the Eighty-ninth connecting with Colonel Harris and the Twenty-first Missouri supporting the extreme left of the skirmish line. This line was formed tolerably well under cover and within 350 yards of the rebel works. I then went forward to the rifle-pits to see when Colonel Kinney was ready to start and to superintend the general movement of my command. Colonel K[inney] was on the extreme right of his skirmish line. I was at this time notified by Major Healy, of General Garrard's staff, that all was ready and waiting for me to start. About the same time an artillery officer (Captain Ginn) reported to me that he had some guns with which he was to report to me, but had not found me till that moment. He told me where his guns were, and I asked what he could do with them there; could be do execution with them? He replied that he could. I told him to open on the enemy's works to my left, which he did promptly, and, I am happy to state, with effect. In a moment the rebel skirmishers commenced running.

Colonel Kinney started his line rapidly forward; his reserves were ordered out to support his skirmishers, and the buglers sounded "forward." I at once put the whole line out on double-quick, knowing that under the artillery fire of grape and canister which was opened on my skirmish line it must either be destroyed or go into the fort; and from that moment the whole brigade was with a shout, going over the fallen trees, tangled vines and brush, and through the swamp at a full run, and that under severe and rapid fire from artillery and musketry. In from five to ten minutes from the advance of the skirmish line the enemy's works were carried and the national flag waved over them. The regiments were reformed in the fort as soon as possible after entering it, and the trophies and wounded which belonged to the command looked after and taken care of. Among th trophies were 4 rebel battle-flags, 3 of which were captured by the One hundred and nineteenth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, and 1 by the One hundred and twenty-second Illinois Volunteer Infantry; 10 pieces of artillery and 2 mortars. There were a great many small-arms, much ammunition, and some wagons, and mules fell into our hands when we entered the works. We captured 520 prisoners, 37 commissioned officers, among whom were 2 brigadier-generals, viz, General Thomas and General Liddell, the latter of whom was in command of the fort and rebel forces, 483 enlisted men. The casualties in the brigade during the charge were 60 in all 14 killed, and 46 wounded. During whole siege and assault, 16 killed and 54 wounded. Too much praise cannot be given Colonel Thomas J. Kinney for the gallant, able, and efficient manner in which he did his whole duty in the gallant charge with his skirmish line over the rebel works on the 9th instant, which kept as well in advance as their physical strength permitted them to do. Each of the regimental commanders did well their whole duty, as did also the line officers and men of the several regiments. All rushed forward and entered the works almost simultaneously with the skirmishers. Lieutenant-Colonel Drish, One hundred and twenty-second Illinois, fell severely wounded just before reaching the first line of abatis, and the command of the regiment devolving upon Major J. F. Chapman, he gallantly led it on. I also take pleasure in stating that my staff officers did their respective duties well. Lieutenant McLean, who was immediately with me in starting the troops forward from the rifle-pits, behaved with great bravery. But to particularize where all did their duty well, were invidi-

