
ous, and to enumerate would be too tedious. I hereby return my thans to each of the officers of the brigade for their able, zealous, and gallant assistance in attaining a result at once beneficial to our cause and glorious for our arms.

With congratulations to all of them and to our able division commander, I have the honor, major, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN I. RINAKER,

Colonel 122nd Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Major J. B. SAMPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 57. Report of Colonel Thomas J. Kinney, One hundred and nineteenth Illinois Infantry, of operations April 3-9.
HEADQUARTERS 119TH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Blakely, Ala., April 10, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the siege and capture of the works around Blakely, Ala., on the 9th instant:

We broke camp at Sibley's Mills on the 3rd instant, at 12 m., and marched on Blakely. Went in camp at the left of Blakely road and on the right of the division. Advanced strong skirmish line and threw up rifle-pits in our front, and remained in this position until the afternoon of the 6th, when our brigade moved to the left of the division and on the right of the rebel works. Formed heavy skirmish line and continued to advance that until we had pressed the enemy back within about 200 yards of his works. This was done with great difficulty and some loss in wounded. It, however, continued until the morning of the 9th instant, when it was determined to feel of the enemy. When this was decided I was ordered to take the skirmish line with my regiment. I accordingly reconnoitered the ground well, and at 5 p.m. marched my command out and occupied the rifle-pits, and at 5.30 p.m., everything being ready and the charge about to commence, I discovered that the rebel skirmish line had anticipated our movements and broke from their rifle-pits in great disorder. This, in my judgment, being the appropriate time for prompt action, I ordered my skirmishers to charge the works. As a cloud, we raised from the rifle-pits and with a shout and cheer onward we went. At this juncture the enemy opened with artillery from all the guns they could bring to bear on us, but it only had the effect of hurrying on their own destruction. Onward we went, over fallen trees, ravines, &amp;c., until the main line of his works was reached, sweeping everything before us, and instead of feeling the enemy we had captured his works with all their contents; not, however, until we were compelled to shoot down several of their artillerists, who continued to work their guns upon our advancing lines after we had occupied the forts, but they were soon silenced, and the Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, was in quiet possession of the works. The fruits of the engagement were many prisoners, among whom were 2 generals, 3 stand of colors, 10 pieces of cannon, 2 mortars, ordnance stores, commissary supplies, and small-arms without number. To the officers and men of my command I tender my thanks for their gallant conduct. I would also say that the command-

