
and in the capture of prisoners. My list of casualties is comparatively light, being 27, of which are 8 enlisted men killed and 19 wounded (2 commissioned officers and 17 enlisted men).

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES I. GILBERT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. B. SAMPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 60. Report of Colonel Risdon M. Moore, One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Infantry, of operations April 3-9.
HEADQUARTERS 117TH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Blakely, Ala., April 12, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the part the One hundred and

seventeenth Illinois took in the siege and capture of Fort Blakely;

I moved with my command the 3rd instant from Sibley's Mills, with the balance of the brigade, and took position in the investment of the enemy's works here. The same evening Lieutenant Colonel J. Merriam, in command of skirmishers from my regiment, and the others of the brigade advanced our line in a very handsome style much beyond that of any other brigade. The usual routine of skirmish and siege duties were performed by officers and men from that time until the command charge the rebel works, April 9, at 6 p.m. The One hundred and seventeenth was in the line on the left of the brigade and charged the works in a very gallant manner, every officer and enlisted man doing his whole duty. In less than ten minutes after the command "forward" was given the regiment swept over half a mile of dense abatis and a line of very formidable earth-works, in which were at least, eleven guns bearing on the line. The regiment captured a due proportion of prisoners and artillery taken by the brigade, 750 of the former and 9 pieces of the latter. Corporal Beedle, Company I, also captured 1 small color. Inclosed you will find a list of casualties.*

Respectfully,

R. M. MOORE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General JAMES I. GILBERT,

Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 61. Report of Major George W. Howard, Twenty-seventh Iowa Infantry, of operations April 9.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-SEVENTH IOWA INFANTRY,Blakely, Ala., April 11, 1865

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-seventh Iowa Infantry in the charge and capture of Blakely, Ala., April 9, 1865:

At 3.30 p.m. the regiment moved toward the enemy's works, taking position on the right of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, in line of entrenchments 250 yards in the rear of the line

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 113.

---------------

