
of skirmishers. Company B was immediately ordered to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Hills as skirmishers. We remained in this position until 5.30 p.m., when the entire line advanced. The regiment moved rapidly forward, not being able to preserve a good line, however, because of fallen timber. When we reached the line of entrenchments from which the skirmishers had advanced when the charge was ordered, a temporary halt was made. Resting but a moment in these entrenchments, we again advanced with rapidity and carried the enemy's works without serious resistance. When the works were carried we again formed line and rapidly pursued the disconcerted foe to Blakely. Here was a large number of the enemy which we assisted in capturing. The enemy's gun-boats were lying in the Tensas River immediately and only a few rods in our advance. From this position we returned to camp without unnecessary delay, Companies E, K and G as guards of prisoners. Company B returned to camp during the evening. The conduct of both officers and men on the occasion was, so far as my knowledge extends, unexceptionable and commendable. The following is the list of casualties: Sergt. Robert T. Jackson, Company B, wounded severely in the face and neck; Private Albert Tennis, Company C, wounded severely in right hand.

Very respectfully,

GEO. W. HOWARD,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant W. G. DONNAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Second Div., 16th Army Corps

Numbers 62. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Gustavus A. Eberhart, Thirty-second Iowa Infantry, of operations April 9.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-SECOND IOWA INFANTRY,Blakely, Ala., April 11, 1865.

SIR: As to the part taken by my regiment in the action on the 9th instant, I have the honor to report as follows:

My command moved to the reserve line of entrenchments at 4.30 p.m., and with the Sixth Minnesota on our left formed the reserve line of the brigade. While in this position Companies D, H, and K were detached under command of Major J. Hutchison, and formed on the left of the One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Infantry as part of the first line. These companies participated in the assault on the enemy's works at 5.30 p.m. and aided in the capture of a large number of prisoners. The other portion of the regiment being in reserve did not take an active part in the engagement. Too much praise cannot be given the officers and men participating in the assault, and I beg leave to make special mention of Major Hutchinson, who with eight men checked 300 of the enemy who were endeavoring to get under cover of the guns of their fleet, and held them in such a manner as to secure the safety of our own forces, preventing an artillery fire from the gun-boats of the enemy, they fearing to endanger the lives of their own men. I have no casualties to report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. EBERHART,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant W. G. DONNAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Second Div., 16th Army Corps.

17 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

