
secure. There is but little forage in this country, and we have eastern what little there was, so you will fare badly for forage here. We cut loose to-morrow from connection with you."

General Tillson also says that his trains will be up this p. m. (March 30), and that he will start early to-morrow a. m. General Stoneman's letter was detach Boone, N. C., where he arrived March 28, 12 m. The next day he would pass out of the mountains with his cavalry on the grand raid. The work on the railroad progresses rapidly. The railroad bridge will be completed to-morrow. The track layers will commence to lay the iron to-morrow on the track.

April 2.- 1 p. m., Conrad's brigade of the Second Division has just arrived at Bull's Gap. All of the troops of the corps are now in the vicinity of Bull's Gap and all of the transportation except that of Conrad's brigade. 2 p. m., a messenger came through from General Tillson-just in. General Tillson sent word to General Stanley that he has reliable information that General Early is in command in place of General Echols; that he was at Bristol last Saturday and went back to Abingdon; that a portion of his force has game down the road from Lynchburg. The enemy report Early in heavy force, but this is not believed. The rebel general Vaughn was at Bristol a few days ago with a large body of well-mounted cavalry. About 150 guerrillas are between this place and General Tillson's command. Reliable Union men that 400 well-mounted cavalry have been left in East Tennessee with orders to interrupt railroad communication as often and as thoroughly as possible. General Tillson will reach his destination in the mountain passes to-morrow.

April 3.-1 a. m., received dispatch from Colonel Bates, commanding the regiment sent from the First Division to Greeneville, stating that the rebel cavalry (supposed to be scouting parties) was within two miles of that place, and he asks for a company of cavalry patrols. We have no cavalry and can send none. 8 a. m., telegraphed to General Thomas that a bridge of the corps would be sent to Asheville, N. C., about sixty-five miles distant, as a grand scouting party, to see what is there and to operate in favor of General Stoneman; also informed General Thomas of the fact that there are many small scouting parties of rebel cavalry in this part of East Tennessee, and asked him for some cavalry to drive them out. 9 a. m., directed General Elliott to move his division (Second) to Blue Springs, about seven miles east of this place on the road to Greenville; to take eight days' rations and to assist the telegraph party and railroad construction party in getting out poles, ties, timber for bridges, &amp;c.; to start to-morrow at 6 a. m. 9 a. m., directed the Artillery Brigade of the corps to move to Blue Springs at daylight to-morrow. 10 a. m., ordered General Kimball to send Kirby's brigade to Asheville to-morrow, with ten day's rations and forage. Lieutenant-Colonel Greenwood, assistant inspector-general, and Major Steele, aide-de-camp, of the staff, will accompany the expedition, to start this p. m. 2 p. m., Kirby's brigade starts for Asheville, N. C. 2 p. m. received dispatch from General Thomas, announcing the glorious news of the capture of Richmond and Petersburg and of the retreat of Lee. 4 p. m., received dispatch from Major-General Thomas, as follows:

NASHVILLE, April 3, 1865-2.30 p. m.

Major-General STANLEY:

Keep yourself well informed of the movements of the enemy. He may possibly attempt to escape by way of East Tennessee. If so I wish to know of his movements at earliest possible moment.

G. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

