
Numbers 64. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Hiram P. Grant, Sixth Minnesota Infantry, of operations April 9.
HDQRS. SIXTH MINNESOTA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, Ala., April 10, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor herewith to report that my regiment, in accordance with orders received April 9, 1865, broke camp at 4.30 p.m., and with one day's rations and no transportation took up the line of march for the position assigned to us in the assaulting column in front of the fortifications at Blakely, Ala., viz, the left center, Second Brigade, Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps. Our lines were advanced to within 1,700 yards of the enemy's works, where I was ordered to remain with the reserve of the assaulting column. We remained in this position until after the charge was made, having received no orders to advance. A detachment of 250 officers and men was ordered to guard the prisoners captured by the brigade. I have the honor to report also no casualties in the action.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. GRANT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant W. G. DONNAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Second Div., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 65. Report of Colonel Charles L. Harris, Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations April 3-9.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Near Blakely, Ala., April 10,. 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the operations of my command from the date of the advance on Blakely, as follows:

At noon of the 3rd instant, in obedience to instructions from the general commanding, I advanced with my command in the direction of Blakely, and went into position on the left of the army. As soon as my line was formed I advanced a strong skirmish line, supported by the Eleventh Wisconsin Veteran Volunteer Infantry, with instructions to advance as close as possible to the enemy's works (connecting with the brigade on my right), then to intrench and hold their position. This they successfully accomplished, the skirmish line occupying a ridge directly in front of the enemy's works and distant about 900 yards, with the support close up, the command working all night throwing up strong rifle-pits. In this position I remained until the evening of the 6th instant, when I ordered the Eleventh Wisconsin Veteran Volunteer Infantry and One hundred and seventy-eight New York Volunteer Infantry to advance a line of skirmishers still nearer to the enemy and drive them from their pits in front of their main works. This they succeeded in accomplishing with a loss of but 1 killed and 4 wounded although exposed to a heavy fire from both artillery and musketry. I then advanced my main line to the position formerly occupied by my skirmish line and commenced strengthening my works and making connections with the works occupied by my

