
neglect to mention First Lieutenant Angus R. McDonald of the Eleventh Wisconsin Veteran Volunteer Infantry, who on mounting the parapet was attacked by six men. He knocked down five of them with his saber, and in return received a shot through the thigh and two bayonet wounds. Inclosed is a list of casualties.*

Respectfully submitted.

C. L. HARRIS,

Colonel Eleventh Wisconsin Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Commanding

[Major J. B. SAMPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.]

Numbers 66. Report of Captain John Murphy, Fifty-eighth Illinois Infantry, of operations April 3-9.
HDQRS. BATTALION FIFTY-EIGHTH ILLINOIS VOL. INFTY.,Fort Blakely, Ala., April 10, 1865.

SIR: In obedience to orders received this morning I have the honor to submit the following report;

My battalion was ordered on the morning of th 3rd instant from the position occupied near Spanish Fort to this point. In obedience too instructions from the brigade commander, at 11.45 a.m. we were on the road and under way. Arriving near Blakely we were halted at 2.15 p.m. and rested until a camp-ground was selected. At sunset we were in comfortable quarters, having made a distance of about five miles. One commissioned officer and twenty men detailed for picket. They advanced and took up a new line after a sharp skirmish. Casualties, one killed. At 12 m. of the 4th we took our position on the picket-line. Not many of the enemy showed themselves, and during the tour of duty comparatively few shots were exchanged. Two deserters came into our line surrendering to Captain Henry Smith, of Company C, on the morning of the 5th. They were turned over to Colonel Harris the same evening. The battalion was not relieved until 5 p.m., making the time of duty thirty hours. No casualties. During the evening of the 7th orders were received to lie on our arms, which was done. At 2 a.m. of the 8th notice was received that we must re-enforce the picket at 4 o'clock. The company commanders were immediately notified, and promptly at the appointed hour the battalion fell in line. The morning was very dark, but without difficulty I found the reserve and reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Gandolfo, One hundred and seventy-eighth New York. The enemy had a very accurate range, and threw a number of shell which burst directly in front and over us, but did no injury. Two of the companies, B and D, were relieved at 8 o'clock; the other two companies remained on the line until 12 m. At 5 p.m. the battalion was again under arms and on the picket-line, relieving the One hundred and seventy-eighth New York and a portion of the Eleventh Wisconsin. We occupied on the advance a series of short ditches which had been dug by the command above named, keeping a sharp lookout. The officer in charge of the advance kept the large part of his force at work digging to connect the short trenches and make a continuous work. Before the work was half completed, at 12 midnight, the enemy made a sudden dash in considerable force, their old and new picket forming a heavy skirmish line, which was backed by a strong reserve.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 113.

---------------

