
which were commenced the night previous by the Eleventh Wisconsin Veteran Volunteer Infantry. The Fifty-second Indiana Veteran Volunteer Infantry was again placed on picket duty on the evening of the 7th instant. About 1 a.m. on the 8th instant the advance pickets were attacked by the enemy in strong force, who were (after meeting a spirited resistance from the pickets composed of the Fifty-second Indiana Veteran Volunteer Infantry, and the Fifty-eighth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry) forced back with a loss of 15 men killed and 22 wounded from Law's regiment Alabama infantry, occupying the works in front of the pickets of the Third Brigade, according to an official report of that regiment found in their works after having been taken from them. (The said report is in my possession.).

On the afternoon of the 9th instant I was ordered by the colonel commanding the Third Brigade to move the Fifty-second Indiana from camp to the reserve line of the picket and form on the left of the Thirty-fourth New Jersey Volunteer Infantry; that the Thirty-fourth New Jersey and Fifty-second Indiana would form the third assaulting line of the Third Brigade, and the assault would be made by a line advancing from the advance picket-line at 5.30 p.m. At about this time, or a little later in the day, the advance line moved forward, at which time the colonel commanding the brigade gave the order for a general attack upon the enemy's works. As soon as this order was communicated to my regiment they sprang over the works with a determination and with a seeming eagerness that but few troops exhibit under similar circumstances. Every officer and man in the regiment, so far as I know used every exertion to reach the enemy's works as soon as possible, to assist in its capture; and although it was not possible, for the regiment to be the first over the enemy's works, as the distance was so much farther for them to go than it was for some, yet it arrived in time to capture twenty-seven prisoners of war, including one captain and one lieutenant, which seemed to end hostilities, so far as the Fifty-second Indiana was concerned, for the night. The casualties in the regiment during the engagement, considering the exposure it was subject to were very light, there being but 1 corporal and 1 private killed. The following is a list of casualties: Corpl. Charles M. McCright, Company C, killed; Private Joshua Barnes, Company B, killed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. S. MAIN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifty-second Indiana Veteran Vol. Infty.

Captain R. E. JACKSON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, Second Div., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 68. Report of Colonel William Lawrence, Thirty-fourth New Jersey Infantry, of operations April 3-9.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FOURTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLS.,Before Mobile, Ala., April 10, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of my regiment since its arrival at this camp:

April 3, arrived within two miles of Blakely, Ala., encamped in line of battle; furnished a detail for the skirmish line to commence the investment for Blakely. April 4, in camp all day. April 5, the regiment went to the front at 5 p.m.; relieved skirmish line of the Eleventh

