
Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers by 250 men; the balance of the regiment was engaged in building a redoubt for two guns and running a covered way. April 6, still engaged on redoubt and covered way; two privates wounded on the skirmish line; relieved at 5 p.m. and returned to camp. April 7, in camp all day. April 8, the regiment went to the front at 5 p.m. relieving the Fifty-second Indiana and Fifty-eighth Illinois. The reserve was engaged all night in completing redoubt for four guns commenced by Fifty-second Indiana and in running saps and completing connections of the skirmish line. April 9, still engaged on saps, having completed the redoubt last night at 5.30 p.m. Formed as reserve line of battle preparatory to a charge on the rebel works at 5.45, our first line of battle driving all before them. The reserve was ordered to charge which they did in gallant style. Our loss during the day was 2 killed, 1 wounded, and 1 missing. Returned to camp at 8 p.m., Blakely having been gloriously captured.

WM. HUDSON LAWRENCE,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-fourth New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain R. E. JACKSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 69. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John B. Gandolfo, One hundred and seventy-eighth New York Infantry, of operations April 3-9.
HEADQUARTERS 178TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS.

In the Field, Ala., April 10, 1865

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by my command in the operations about this place.

Early in the morning of the 3rd instant I broke camp, in the rear of headquarters of the army, and marched to the landing, to load and escort the train on its return to division headquarters, where I arrived next day. On the night of the 6th instant,my regiment being on picket, I advanced the line and occupied the rifle-pits of the enemy, placing my reserve where the skirmish line had been. At daylight next morning the enemy advanced in order to retake their rifle-pits, but were unsuccessful. On the afternoon of the 9th I received orders to advance upon the enemy's works, being connected on the right by the Fifty-eighth Illinois Infantry and the left by the Eleventh Wisconsin Veteran Volunteer Infantry. On arriving on the line of skirmishers I ordered my regiment to charge rapidity and not halt until the enemy's works were in our possession. The rapidity of the advance was greatly impeded by fallen timber, and although exposed to a galling fire of grape and canister on each flank, as well as musketry in front, I gained the breast-works of the enemy with trifling loss, and planting my colors, the first upon their works I pushed on to the river after those of the enemy who had fled in that direction and occupied a small earth-work on the right, leaving the prisoners in my rear to be cared for by the supporting column. I cannot speak too highly for the conduct of both officers and men of my regiment. Where all behaved so nobly it were useless to make distinction.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN B. GANDOLFO,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain R. E. JACKSON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General Third Brigadier, Second Div., 16th Army Corps.

