
Numbers 70. Report of Major Jesse S. Miller, Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry, of operations April 3-9.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH WISCONSIN VET. VOL. INFANTRY,In Front of Blakely, Ala., April 10, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this regiment in front of Blakely:

About 11.30 a.m. Monday, April 3, the regiment, with the balance of the brigade, broke up camp near Sibley's Mills and marched to the support of Major-General Steele, commanding forces in front of Blakely. Reached this place at 4 p.m. and joined on the left of Veatch's division, extreme left of Thirteenth Army Corps, in front of enemy's right. At sundown the Eleventh was ordered to support a line of skirmishers thrown out to ascertain the enemy's position. The skirmish line advanced and drove in the enemy's pickets and took position on the brow of a hill within 1,000 yards of the rebel works. The regiment halted about 100 yards in rear of skirmish line and then proceeded to intrench themselves. By daylight a rifle-pit capable of holding the whole regiment was completed. No casualties up to this time occurred, though the enemy kept up a constant artillery fire all night. The regiment was relieved from the front at noon of the 4th, with the exception of Company I, which was sent to the skirmish line as sharpshooters, and remained there until 5 p.m. of the 5th, when it was relieved by Company E. At 5 p.m. on the 6th the regiment was again sent to the front, and Company E was relieved. Up to this no advance of the lines had been made. An advance of the whole line having been ordered, at 10 p.m. Companies A, C, F, and H moved forward 200 yards in front of the position taken on the 3rd instant, and established a front line connecting on the right and left. The balance of the regiment occupied the rifle-pits vacated by the skirmish line and was held in reserve. During the advance one of Company A was slightly wounded in left hand. The regiment was relieved from the front at dark on the 7th and Company E,again sent out as sharpshooters. April 8, at sundown, Company E was relieved by Company I. At 5 p.m. April 9 received orders to move out to advance rifle-pits and form on the left of One hundred and seventy-eighth New York Volunteers and Fifty-eighth Illinois, preparatory to assaulting the enemy's works. Companies A, F, and D, were deployed as skirmishers in advance of the pit, and were ordered to lie down. At 5.30 the order was given to move forward, when the regiment rushed from their concealment with a yell and made for the enemy's works in its front under a murderous fire, mounted the parapets, and carried them at the point of the bayonet, capturing over 300 prisoners, 2 guns, and several horses and mules. The loss of the Eleventh in this charge was 15 killed and 48 wounded of which 1 second lieutenant was killed and 2 first lieutenants wounded.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. MILLER

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain R. E. JACKSON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, Second Div., 16th Army Corps.

