
Numbers 71. Report of Captain Charles S. Rice, Seventeenth Battery Ohio Light Artillery, of operations April 9.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH OHIO BATTERY,Near Blakely, Ala., April 10, 1865.

I have the honor to report the following as the amount of artillery captured April 9, 1865, by the Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, at Blakely, Ala.:

Eight light 12-pounder bronze guns, smooth; two 10-pounder Parrott guns, rifled; one 6-pounder bronze gun, rifled; three 6-pounder bronze guns, smooth; one 12-pounder howitzer, bronze; two 12-pounder howitzers, iron; one 7-inch siege gun, marked J. R. A. &amp; Co., T. F., 1861; two 8-inch siege guns, marked R. L. B., Nos. 4 and 10; one 30-pounder Parrott gun, Selma, March, 1865; 4 iron mortars, Coehorn; total,21 guns and 4 mortars. Also 9 caissons and limbers complete; 11 limbers for guns; the complete running gear for 4 guns and 4 caissons; 1 battery wagon complete; 1 forge.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. S. RICE,

Captain Seventeenth Ohio Battery.

Major J. B. SAMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 72. Reports of Brigadier General Eugene A. Carr, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations March 27-April 9.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Spanish Fort, Ala., April 9, 1865.

COLONEL: In making, according to verbal instructions, a report of the operations before this place, I have the honor to state that on the 27th of March, at 10 o'clock we closed up on the rebel works and since that time have been incessantly occupied in making approaches, parallels, and batteries till its final fall at 12 o'clock midnight last night. For the first two or three days we suffered severely from the enfilanding fire of Batteries Huger and Tracy and the rebel gun-boats, but were relieved by the batteries we erected on the shore above our camp. Yesterday afternoon, a bombardment having been ordered to commence at 5.30 p.m., I directed Colonel J. L. Geddes, Eighth Iowa (commanding my Third Brigade), to press with skirmishers on his right against the rebel left feel their strength, ascertain the nature of the ground and take as much as he could hold. Colonel Geddles was, while I was giving him his instructions shaking with a chill, but executed my orders and commanded his brigade with as much efficiency as a man in perfect health. I also directed all the mortars and artillery bearing on the enemy's left to keep up a continued fire, carrying it forward, so that the projectiles would take effect in front of our advancing line; ordered the next brigade to keep up a hot skirmish fire, and at the proper moment caused the brigade on my extreme left to raise a cheer to call the attention of the enemy and make them expect an assault in front. The advance of Colonel Geddes succeeded admirably. He took possession of about 300 yards of the rebel works, and we might have gone at once over the whole interior, but I did not feel justified in risking too much on my own responsibility. As soon as the rebels found that they were flanked

