HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Montgomery, Ala., April 26, 1865.

COLONEL: In accordance with paragraph 1, General Field Orders, Numbers 19, current series, headquarters Army and Division of West Mississippi, I have the honor to report that 4 battle-flags and 540 prisoners were captured by my division in the engagement at Spanish Fort, which have been delivered to the commanding general of the Sixteenth Army Corps. Also 46 cannon and 700 small-arms were captured by my command in connection with the other troops, of which a list was made out by my ordnance officer and a receipt for which was signed by the officer who was ordered to occupy the place, but this officer afterward tore his signature off, and has no doubt made out a new list and properly accounted for the property. The battle-flags were captured as follows: One by Sergt. E. A. Bras, Company K, Eighth Iowa Volunteers, who took it from the rebel color-bearer; one by Eighth Iowa Veteran Volunteer Infantry Regiment; one by One hundred and eighth Illinois Volunteer Infantry Regiment; one by One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois Volunteer Infantry Regiment. The prisoners and ordnance were captured in the general capture. The following-named individual officers and men distinguished themselves in that engagement in the manner set forth below, viz: Colonel James L. Geddes, Eighth Iowa, commanding Third Brigade (although quite ill), for great bravery, endurance and activity in pressing the siege, and being the first to storm with his brigade a part of the enemy's works, taking four colors and many prisoners, and causing the enemy to evacuate. Colonel Jonathan B. Moore, Thirty-third Wisconsin, commanding First Brigade, for great bravery, endurance, activity, pertinacity and skill in pressing the siege, and promptness on all occasions. He has already been brevetted brigadier for Nashville, but official intelligence has not arrived. Colonel Lyman M. Ward, Fourteenth Wisconsin, commanding Second Brigade, for bravery, energy, and activity in pressing the siege. Colonel Charles Turner, One hundred and eighth Illinois, for bravery, energy, and activity in pressing the siege and efficiency in the assault. Lieutenant Colonel William R. Lackland, One hundred and eighth Illinois, picket officer of the division for bravery, energy, activity, and perseverance in his especial duties, and generally as a staff officer in the siege and also in taking a musket and leading the men on two occasions, viz, when pressing up the investment and when making the final assault. Sergt. E. A. Bras, Company K, Eighth Iowa, for capturing flag from standard-bearer with his own hands. Captain Bluford Wilson, assistant adjutant-general, for great bravery, endurance, and activity in pressing the siege, acting frequently as aide, and being particularly conspicuous in the assault where he volunteered as aide to Colonel Geddes. He has frequently distinguished himself heretofore and is well worthy of promotion. Captain Henry L. Wheeler, Ninety-sixth U. S. Colored, acting engineer officer, for great industry, pertinacity, bravery, and untiring assiduity in conducting the works of the siege, constructing batteries, providing materials, making maps, &amp;c. Fist Lieutenant Charles A. Harms, Forty-third Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry, my aide-de-camp, for bravery, energy, and activity, and I specially request his promotion. I inclose the reports of the commanders of the three brigades of my division, marked A, B, and C, also special reports or the commanders of the First and Third Brigades, marked D and E, giving credit to individuals, which I cordially indorse; as also the mention by Colonel Ward, commanding Second Brigade (in his report of operations), of Captain M. S. Lake, Company G, Fourteenth Wisconsin Volunteer Infan-

