
try. I would respectfully recommend that the officers and soldiers mentioned receive promotion or some other appropriate acknowledgment of their services.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army and Division of West Mississippi.

Numbers 73. Report of Colonel Jonathan B. Moore, Thirty-third Wisconsin Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations March 27-April 9.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Blakely, Ala., April 11, 1865.

CAPTAIN; I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the First Brigade in the siege and capture of Spanish Fort, Ala.:

At 10 a.m. of the 27th of March when within one mile and a half of the enemy's works we struck his line of pickets. By order of the general commanding I immediately formed my brigade in line on the left of the Third Brigade and threw out a heavy skirmish line and ordered the brigade forward in line on the left of the Third Brigade, the Second Brigade being on the left, our skirmishers driving the enemy briskly before them, they falling back upon their works. By 11 a.m. my skirmish line had advanced to within 300 yards of the enemy's works. I then by order of the general,moved my main line up near to the skirmish line and formed to support the First and Fourteenth Indiana Batteries, which were both placed in my line. At dark Colonel L. M. Ward, commanding Second Brigade, was ordered to relieve my left regiment (the Forty-fourth Missouri), which I placed in reserve in rear of my right flank. This left me but three regiments in line, the Thirty-third Wisconsin on the right, Ninety-fifth Illinois on the left, and Seventy-second Illinois in the center. These regiments, as soon as it was dark, I advanced to the position gained and held by my skirmish line during the day, about 300 yards from the enemy's main line. I threw up my first line of works immediately and while this line was being established I ordered each regiment to advance its skirmish line to the crest of the ridge in our front, which was about 150 yards distant, and if possible intrench them in that position, forming my second line of works. At daylight of the 28th I found that Colonel Blanden, of the Ninety-fifth Illinois had advanced his line under Captain Schellenger, of his regiment, and had gained the position and entrenched themselves as I had directed. I immediately ordered the Seventy-second Illinois and Thirty-third Wisconsin to advance their skirmishers to the line of the Ninety-fifth Illinois, which was effected by 9 a.m. During the day and night this line was opened from my second line within 150 yards of the enemy's works. On the morning of the 29th I ordered Colonel L. Blanden to open a sap or covered way from the left of his front line to his second. I also ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Virgin to open a covered way from the center of his rear to his front line. Colonel L. Blanden pushed his work with so

