
mand to praise them for the brave, efficient, and persevering manner in which they have conducted themselves throughout the siege of Spanish Fort, from the first to the last day of the investment. They have labored unceasingly night and day with pick and shovel, as well as with their arms, all striving to accomplish the common object.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEANDER BLANDEN,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain GEORGE B. CARTER

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General First Brigadier Third Div., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 75. Report of Colonel Lyman M. Ward, Fourteenth Wisconsin Infantry, commanding Second Brigade,of operations March 27-April 9.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, April 14, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the recent operations against Spanish Fort:

On the morning of the 27th instant [ultimo] left camp near Sibley's Mills and moved with the division in the direction of Spanish Fort. At about 10 a.m., in accordance with orders, I formed my brigade in line of battle on the left of the First Brigade, left of division, and immediately sent out skirmishers shortly after which moved forward one regiment in support of the Fourteenth Indiana Battery. In the meantime my skirmishers advanced, driving those of the enemy inside their works, both in my front and in a portion of that afterward occupied by General McArthur's troops. Toward evening I advanced the Fortieth Missouri and five companies of the Forty-ninth Missouri to a position afterward known as the main line, leaving the Fourteenth Wisconsin and the remaining companies of the Forty-ninth Missouri in reserve. During the night works were constructed in the main line, and rifle-pits were made on the line then held by the skirmishers. From this line of rifle-pits I continued to advance by sapping and the construction of other rifle-pits until the night of the capture of the fort. In this connection I would make special mention of Captain M. S. Lake, Company G, Fourteenth Wisconsin Infantry, officer in charge of advance works, for meritorious conduct and untiring energy in pushing forward his works in the most exposed position. I would further state that the greater part of the labor in the construction of the fort on the main line occupied by the Parrott battery, Naval fort, and also the Bay fort, was performed by details from my command. In conclusion I take pleasure in stating that the conduct of both officers and men in my command in performance of their arduous duties was highly commendable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. WARD,

Colonel Fourteenth Wisconsin Infantry.

Commanding Second Brigadier, Third Division, 16th Army Corps.

Captain B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

