
his regiment during the assault. Success was insured undoubtedly by the coolness and prompt compliance with all my orders on the part of the regimental commanders mentioned above. Most of the movements having taken place on ground covered with almost impenetrable obstructions, rendered it a very trying situation for my staff officers, who were obliged to carry orders on foot from point to point, but the officers of my staff, Major Cowens, Captain Henry, and Lieutenant Hall, rendered very efficient service. I am also under many obligations to Captain B. Wilson, assistant adjutant-general for his efficient aid during the whole movement. I would also state that Captain Craig's mortar battery rendered almost incalculable service in covering my advance. I claim for my brigade the honor of having driven the enemy from nearly half a mile of his left line of works, capturing over 650 prisoners, the Eighth Iowa alone capturing 450 of that number, 4 rebel battle-flags, a large number of cannon, small-arms, ammunition, &amp;c., compelling him to evacuate his entire position and abandon 46 pieces of artillery of various calibers. Hereto appended is a list of casualties sustained by the brigade during the siege, including the losses sustained during the assault.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES L. GEDDES,

Colonel Eighth Iowa Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain B. WILSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 77. Report of Bvt. Colonel John H. Howe, One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois Infantry, of operations April 8-9.
HDQRS. 124TH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Spanish Fort, Ala., April 9, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with request received from your headquarters this morning, I send you the following report:

Soon after 5 p.m. yesterday our regiment went into the front rifle-pits. We remained there about an hour with but little musketry firing, but about 6.30 commenced a sharp firing, according to orders received. A report soon came along the line that the right of our brigade had effected a lodgment in the enemy's rifle-pits and taken twenty-seven prisoners, and soon after we were ordered down to the right and to cross over which we did, entering the enemy's works on the hill about 8 o'clock. Soon after Company B and about half of Company G were sent and deployed as skirmishers down in the flat, where they remained till the final forward movement. About 9 o'clock the remainder of our left wing was ordered to the front of our brigade with tools to enlarge and lengthen a rebel trench. Three companies and a half as soon as the tools could be secured, reported to Colonel Geddes for orders, and commenced work about 9.30 o'clock. The right wing of the regiment was brought up about 10.30 and sent out in front and on the right flank of the working party. Between 11 and 12 two companies (A and F) of the right wing were sent forward as skirmishers. The working party continued till 12 o'clock when a general forward movement of the brigade was ordered. The skirmishers had moved forward to a fort of four rebel

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 114.

---------------

