
guns and left a guard with them. The forward movement was even joined in by the First Brigade of our division, and afterward by other brigades which had come in across the hollow. Amid cheers upon cheers, with colors flying, the whole force moved down to the large fort on the south, and after a brief rest returned to camp about 2.30 o'clock this morning. No casualties have occurred in our regiment from the enemy. Two men were wounded, both in the left hand, from the discharge of one of our own guns. We claim as trophies the capture of 4 cannon, 1 battle-flag, and 15 prisoners.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.

J. H. HOWE,

Brevet Colonel, Commanding 124th Illinois Infantry.

Captain WILBUR F. HENRY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, Third Div., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 78. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William B. Bell, Eighth Iowa Infantry, of operations April 8.
HDQRS. EIGHTH IOWA VETERAN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,In Front of Spanish Fort, Ala., April 9, 1865.

CAPTAIN; In compliance with instructions I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Eighth Iowa Veteran Volunteer Infantry in the action of Spanish Fort, April 8, 1865:

About 5 p.m. on said day, in compliance with the directions of Colonel J. L. Geddes, commanding brigade, I proceeded with my regiment from its position in line to the extreme right of our line, with orders to deploy two companies and advance them well up the ridge of slope on the enemy's extreme left and effect a lodgment on the crest of the hill, if practicable, and hold the position if possible; to hold the remainder of my regiment in rear and under cover of the line of works partially completed across the swamp on our extreme right to the bay, but not to expose the regiment, and to commence the deployment and advance of these skirmishers at 6.10 o'clock. I formed my command in obedience to the above instructions, and at precisely 6.10 o'clock I ordered Company A, Captain Henry Muhs commanding, and Company G, Lieutenant Henry Vineyard commanding, to move around the right of the works in the swamp above referred to and deploy forward on the center, which order was promptly and gallantly executed by Captain Muhs, who commanded the line of skirmishers. The line advanced through an almost impassable swamp, thickly strewn with fallen trees and brush, and in which the water and mud were very deep, and this under a heavy fire from the enemy. The left of the line gained the crest of the hill, attacking the enemy on his flank,; the right moved forward by a left turn, attacking the enemy in his rear. In the meantime I ordered Lieutenant Ball, commanding Company H to advance his company around the right of the works and move forward in support of Company A and G, then hotly engaging the enemy. I had now executed all the orders that I had received from Colonel Geddes, except holding the position if possible. I soon became convinced that the best way to secure that end was to push forward my entire force, for the reason that the fire from our forces in the rifle-pits would protect the left flank, and a swamp the right flank of my regiment, leaving us

