
only our front to contend with. I, however, dispatched Lieutenant Clark, of Company E, to report the above facts to Colonel Geddes, and requested orders, which I awaited for some time. The regiment was impatient to go to the assistance of their comrades, who were fighting in full view and but a short distance off, and, believing that to wait longer for orders was dangerous, I ordered the regiment forward over our works. The movement was executed with as much regularity as could be expected considering the nature of the ground. As soon as the regiment gained the crest of the hill where our skirmishers were the fight commenced in full force, but of such a character that it is difficult to describe. The regiment moved by the right flank in rear of the enemy's rifle-pits, and carried them for a distance of 500 yards, either killing, wounding, or capturing the entire force of the enemy occupying the same. One thing that was very much in our favor was that the enemy's works from their extreme left for a considerable distance up consisted of a series of small pits without direct connection with each other. This enabled us to attack them in detail, and we had carried a considerable portion of their works before their main force was aware that we had turned their left. We here witnessed the spectacle of dying in the last ditch, as quite a number of the rebels refused to surrender and were shot in their ditches, and on the other hand quite a number of them who were taken prisoners, ought, in justice to our men to have been killed as they would first fire at our men after begin ordered to surrender, then throw up both hands and surrender. At the time we had carried some 500 yards of the enemy's works, and were yet advancing in them by the right flank, Colonel Geddes, came up and directed me to place my command outside the enemy's works and facing toward them using them for breast-works and to throw out a company as skirmishers to my right and front, which orders were promptly complied with. After making some further disposition Colonel Geddes placed Colonel Turner, of the One hundred and eighth Illinois (whose regiment had by this time come up to our support), temporarily in command. Soon after this Captain Kettenring, of my command, reported the enemy advancing in heavy column. They advanced until within thirty or forty yards of us, calling out "we surrender," and then fired on us. When they got within twenty-five yards of us I ordered my command to fire and fix bayonets, which was done with a will. The enemy broke and ran, but soon after rallied and returned, and when within fifty yards of us halted. I ordered two companies to give them a volley, which caused them to break, and we saw them no more. Soon after this Colonel Geddes returned, formed his brigade and marched it through the fort and to the bay beyond, after which by his direction I moved my command to camp.

I claim for my regiment the honor of making the attack, and of being the only regiment that engaged the enemy inside of his works; also of capturing 3 stand of colors, 5 pieces of artillery, and 450 prisoners, 7 of them commissioned officers. I have receipts for 350; the remainder were turned over to the troops most convenient to our rear. My regiment might have had a greater number of flags had they been less anxious to engage the enemy. Where all do their duty it is a difficult and delicate matter to make any discrimination. The several companies of the regiment were commanded by the following officers; Company A, Captain Muhs; Company B, Captain Kettenring; Company E, Lieutenant Clark; Company F, Lieutenant Harper; Company G, Lieutenant Vineyard; Company H, Lieutenant Ball; Company I, Sergeant Taylor; Company K, Captain Weeks. I would respectfully present to

