
unable, being in rear, to get beyond Carpenter's Station before sunset. He was ordered to encamp here and tear up a portion of the railroad track. A regiment of Hawkins' division was sent to relieve the cavalry in possession of the bridge at Sibley's Mills. It was my intention to move toward Holyoke as soon as Andrews should get up in the morning, but the enemy made an attack upon our picket-lines with a strong line of skirmishers well supported. Hawkins was directed to repel this attack, which he did, advancing in line of battle,, one brigade in reserve and his front covered by a line of skirmishers, until the enemy was pushed back to his works. General Andrews' two brigades now came up. As I had been informed by the general commanding that Blakely was soon to be invested, I thought it best to hold the ground we had gained, as it would deprive the enemy of his works commanding the bridge across Bayou Minette at Sibley's Mills, and would render it impossible for him to plant subtler shells on the approaches which we could hold. I directed Andrews to take position on the left of Hawkins, and reported to headquarters for further orders. The infantry of my command had now completed a march of about 100 miles from Barrancas, 70 of which the road passed over swamps and quicksand, 50 of which they corduroyed and bridged. Although they could not move with celerity enough to engage the enemy, they gave moral force to the expedition, which probably would not have been successful without this part of the command. I desire to call the attention of the general commanding especially to the following-named officers; Brigadier General T. J. Lucas, U. S. Volunteers: Lieutenant Colonel A. B. Spurling, Second Maine Cavalry; Lieutenant Colonel A. S. Badger, First Louisiana Cavalry; First Lieutenant Alfred Shaffer First Louisiana Cavalry; Captain Joseph L. Coppoc, Forty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, for valuable services in building bridges. Attention is respectfully invited to the inclosed copies of the reports of subordinate commanders.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

F. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES EAST OF MOBILE BAY,Blakely, Ala, April 17, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to continue my report of operations from the time that the forces under my command commenced to invest Blakely:

The place was inclosed by a line of works about two miles in extent, composed of redoubts constructed of earth and timber, with ditches in front, which redoubts were connected by continuous rifle-pits, with salients and stockade work, making a continuous line from the enemy's left, on Tensas River, to his right, which rested on an impassable swamp and thicket. The two principal avenues of approach were known as the Stockton and the Pensacola roads. The former entered the works to the left of the center, and the latter, to the right of the center. The redoubts commanded the ground in their front, and had an enfilanding fire on portions of the roads and a cross-fire on almost every point of them within the range of their guns. Three marshy ravines, entering the works at different points, were obstructed by fallen timber and traversed by stockades which connected with the

