
into our hands. Generals Liddell, Cockrell, and Thomas were among the prisoners captured. I forward herewith reports of subordinate commanders, which give an account of the operations in detail. There are so many instances of personal gallantry and merit among the officers of the command that it is difficult to particularize. I wish, however, to call the attention of the general commanding especially to the division commanders, Brigadier Gens. J. P. Hawkins, C. C. Andrews, J. C. Veatch, and K. Garrard; also brigade commanders, Brigadier Gens. Dennis, W. A. Pile, C. L. Harris (Eleventh Wisconsin) F. W. Moore, C. W. Drew and W. T. Spicely. To my own staff, not mentioned in another report, I am indebted for the most efficient and valuable services, viz, Lieutenant . Colonel L. H. Whittlesey, assistant inspector-general; Bvt. Major C. S. McEntee assistant quartermaster; Surg. P. A. Willis, medical director; Captain J. F. Lacey, assistant adjutant-general; Captain L. Rhoades, commissary of subsistence; Captain A. H. Burnham, engineer (temporarily assigned); Captain E. H. Newton, engineer; First Lieutenant J. Lyman, aide-de-camp; Second Lieutenant R. A. Kent, aide-de-camp. The officers of the signal corps attached to my headquarters deserve special mention for their zeal and industry; they were always at their post, night and day, and did valuable service outside of their appropriate duties, viz: First Lieutenant W. F. Warren, Signal Corps, U. S. Army; First Lieutenant R. P. Strong, Signal Corps, U. S. Army; First Lieutenant J. C. Kinney, acting, Signal Corps, U. S. Army; Second Lieutenant E. P. Adams, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi.

Numbers 80. Report of Surg. Plyn A. Willis, Forty-eighth Ohio Infantry, Chief Medical Officer.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES OPERATING FROM PENSACOLA BAY,OFFICE CHIEF MEDICAL OFFICER,

Blakely, Ala., April 15, 1865.

COLONEL: Agreeable to orders from your office I forward the following report of this command in the recent campaign from Pensacola, including the march from that point to Blakely and the operations for the reduction of the latter place.

The command, consisting of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews' division of the Thirteenth Army Corps, Brigadier General J. P. Hawkins' division of U. S. Colored Troops, and Brigadier-General Lucas' brigade of cavalry, numbering in all about 12,000 men, moved from Pensacola, Fla. on the 20th of March 1865. The command was in an excellent sanitary condition, having left all the sick and disabled in the general hospital at Barrancas, and having been well fed and clothed in anticipation of the campaign. The morale of the command was also of the first order, each regiment trying to stand at the head of the list for efficiency and good discipline. The command was supplied with the full amount of medical stores, hospital tents, and ambulances allowed by the existing orders, and all in good condition except the ambulance train of General Hawkins' divis-

