
wet or rain at any time and the changes of atmosphere proved no detriment to them. The supplies of food, water, stimulants, and medical supplies were abundant, and no case of suffering came under my notice from neglect or scarcity of supplies. The wounded were removed in ambulances to the steam-ship Saint Mary's, at the landing below Spanish Fort, and shipped from that point to the U. S. general hospitals at New Orleans. Most of the wounded from General Andrews' division were shipped on the 12th, and the remainder, with those from General Hawkins', on the 13th of April, and a sufficient number of medical officers and attendants were sent to care for the wounded. The several medical officers belonging to the command have done their duty nobly and well; laboring under the many difficulties of an active campaign they did all within their power to ameliorate the condition of the wounded.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. A. WILLIS,

Surgeon 48th Ohio, Chief Medical Officer, General Steele's Army.

Colonel E. H. ABADIE,

Surg., U. S. Army, Chf., Med. Officer, Army and Div. of West Miss.

No. 81. Reports of Brigadier General John P. Hawkins, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, U. S. Colored Troops, of operations March 20-April 9.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Near Blakely, Ala, April 8, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of operations in my front during the past twenty-four hours; In front of Drew's brigade (the right) the skirmishers are about 600 yards from the fort. A battery for Napoleon guns is being constructed about 300 yards in rear of the skirmish line on the right. The battery for four 30-pounder Parrott guns on the right is finished and is about 1,200 yards from the fort. Scofield's brigade (center)- The advance line of works is between 700 and 800 yards from the fort. In rear of the line a battery for two guns is ready for the pieces. Pile's brigade (left)-The average distance too the fort from the advance line is between 500 and 600 yards. General Pile reports that on his right center there is a very fine position for a battery, which can be made to bear upon all the enemy's guns in his front. As far as known there are on his front nine guns- one 32-pounder, two 24-pounders, one 18-pounder, and one 12-pounder, the caliber of the other four unknown. No advance has been made during the last twenty-four hours. The men being engaged in constructing batteries and strengthening the parallels and approaches already made a greater number of picks is required. The ground is hard, and the shovel is a poor instrument without a greater number of picks to assist it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. HAWKINS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. F. LACEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

