
ADDENDA.

BIVOUAC FORTY-SEVENTH Regiment U. S. COLORED INFTY.,

Captured Works, Blakely, Ala., April 10, 1865.

Lieutenant A. R. MILLS,

Adjutant Forty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of ordnance, ordnance stores, and quartermaster's stores, captured by First Division, U. S. Colored Troops, which I have collected and now have in charge, subject to your orders:

On siege piece (32-pounder), 3 brass pieces (two 6-pounders and one 12-pounder, rifled), 1 Sawyer gun (4 1/2-inch rifled), 2 howitzers (24-pounders), 2 Coehorn mortars (24 pounders), 304 small-arms (Enfield, Austin, and Mississippi rifles) 250 infantry accouterments (unserviceable), 30 boxes fixed ammunition (for 6 and 12 pounders), 2 boxes fixed ammunition (for 24-pounder howitzer), 2 boxes spherical case (for 24-pounder), 3 boxes grape, 3 kegs powder, 4 limber chests (100 rounds shot and shell, with primers and fuse), 20 shovels, 18 axes, 3 picks, 3 barrows, 4 wall tents, 2 spades, 2 stretchers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. M. CAMPBELL,

Captain 47th Regiment U. S. Colored Infty., In Charge Captured Property.

Numbers 82. Report of Brigadier General William A. Pile, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations April 1-9.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., U. S. COLORED TROOPS,

Blakely, Ala., April 13, 1865

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by command in the investment and capture of Blakely, Ala.:

The command arrived in the vicinity of Blakely on the evening of April 1. During the succeeding night, in obedience to orders from Major-General Steele, one of my regiments was sent to guard the bridge on the Holyoke road. On the morning of April 2 I was ordered to form my command in line of battle and advance, connecting my right with the left of the Third Brigade and conforming my movements to the movement of that brigade. This was immediately done, and we soon met the enemy's skirmish line in front of their works, steadily driving them and advancing until within 900 yards of the works around Blakely. I then, in obedience to orders from the division commander, halted put my men under the best available cover, and lay down to await the shield of darkness to intrench. During the night of the 2nd and the morning of the 3rd my first parallel line of entrenchments was made. The regiment sent to the bridge returned during the night and took position in the front line. The ground in my front and rear was a perfect plain with a strip of low marsh running obliquely across my line of works, affording no opportunity to get my men out of the trenches to rest during the day, and greatly increasing the labor necessary to construct approaches and parallel lines. From April 3 to the morning of April 9 I was constantly engaged in working my way up to the enemy's works. April 4 the regiment on my right was relieved by the Second Brigade, shortening my front line and enabling me to keep

