
Beatty sends word from Jonesborough that all of the rebel force that was about Bristol and vicinity has gone to Wytheville, and it appears to be trying to get out of the country. 11 p. m., it has been raining most of the day and yet continues to rain.

April 12.-Nothing new or of importance to-day. 1 p. m., it has been raining hard most of the day and is yet raining hard most of the day and is yet raining. The rain retards the work on the railroad very much.

April 13.-8 a. m., the rain has now ceased. It has been rainy most of the time for the past days and night, and the roads are in miserable condition. 7 p. m., commenced to rain again.

April 14.-Nothing of importance to-day. 10 p. m., has been raining ever since yesterday evening, but not hard. The work on the railroad will be much retard by the rain and mud.

April 15.-2 p. m., it has now ceased raining. Has been raining almost ever since 7 p. m. of the 13th instant. The work on the railroad is so much interrupted that the construction party will not reach Greeneville before Wednesday evening next, the 19th instant. 3 p. m., received a dispatch from General Thomas, Nashville, Tenn., April 15, as follows:

Major-General STANLEY:

Eicholtz may as well work deliberately and repair the road in the best manner. We have possession of Lynchburg, therefore is no particular hurry. I wish you to use every exertion to prevent depredations of all sorts on the part of the soldiers as I desire possible not to have to distribute guards along the road. We have sad news this morning of the assassination last night of President Lincoln and Secretary Seward.

April 16.-Nothing new to-day. Quite bright and clear.

April 17.-General Stanley went down too Knoxville to-day. Nothing new. Work progresses on the railroad as rapidly as possible.

April 18.-8 p. m., received at corps headquarters a dispatch from General Stanley, at Knoxville, stating that the corps has been ordered to Nashville by railroad. The following is a copy of a telegram received by General Stanley in reference to the movement:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, April 17, 1865-8.45 p. m.

Major-General STANLEY:

Immediately upon receipt of this take measures to bring your corps to this place by railroad shipping one brigade at a time. Do not have the men crowded on the cars, and take proper precaution to prevent depredations along the road at the different depots. The necessary instructions will be given to General Tillson to post his will relieve yours. Use dispatch, but do not hurry. We have Selma, with all the arsenals and military workshops. Canby has also taken Mobile, according to reports.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

April 19.- Orders were telegraphed to General Kimball yesterday by General Stanley to move to Bull's Gap and ship his troops at once for Nashville; to send al of his transportation to Knoxville by dirt road and ship it from there to Nashville. General Kimball commenced to ship division (First) to-day for Nashville. Orders were issued to-day for Generals Wood's and Elliott's divisions to move at once to Bull's Gap to ship on the cars by brigade as soon as the cars can be there; to send all of their transportation to Knoxville, where it will be shipped by railroad; and directions were given division commanders to see that no depredations shall be committed by the troops on the

