
ored soldiers, fearing violence after surrender. All my officers and men behaved splendidly. My staff officers discharged their respective duties faithfully, promptly, and fearlessly. Sergt. Edward Simon, Company I, Seventy-third U. S. Colored Infantry, has been recommended by his regimental commander to be mentioned in orders for his bravery. The Eighty-second Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry, although in reserve and consequently late in starting on the charge, preserved their regimental organization throughout, the officers exhibiting both skill and bravery. A list of the casualties has already been furnished you.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. PILE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain SAMUEL B. FERGUSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, U. S. Colored Troops.

No. 83. Report of Colonel Hiram Scofield, Forty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations April 2-9.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Blakely, Ala., April 11, 1865

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by my command in the siege and capture of Blakely, Ala.:

During the first two days of the siege, commencing upon the 2nd instant, the brigade which I have the honor to command was by the order of the general commanding the division, retained in reserve, and though subjected to a heavy artillery fire without the privilege of in any manner returning it, calmly and coolly labored in the construction of gabions and fascines to be used by our more fortunate comrades who were in the front. Upon the second day of the siege, April 3, 1865, officers and men received with pleasure the order to move to the front, taking the center of the division, relieving a regiment from each of the other two brigades. The Fiftieth and Fifty-first Regiments were placed in the trenches, the former on the right, the latter on the left, the Forty-seventh Regiment being held in reserve. The ground over which the advances were made was flat and wet and very unfavorable for the health and comfort of the men, confined as they were to the trenches; but stimulated by the love of country and pride of soldiers, neither labor, hunger, nor damage caused any murmurs. Heavy skirmish lines were pushed out and supported under a heavy fire of artillery and musketry. The men were compelled to fight with the musket at the same time that they labored with the spade, and in this manner the lines were advanced about 400 yards. Upon the seventh day of the siege the Fifty-first Regiment was placed in reserve and reluctantly yielded its place to the Forty-seventh Regiment. Not until the eighth and last day of the siege did the command receive the support of artillery, and then of only two light pieces, which, owing to what would seem a mistake of the engineer in the plan of the work to cover them, could not be used upon the enemy's guns in our front. Upon this last day of the siege our hearts were made glad by the report of the capture of the Spanish Fort, and each one seemed animated by a desire too

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 114.

---------------

