
emulate the example of our comrades in arms. The enemy's skirmish line yielded less stubbornly to-day and the artillery fire was not so heavy as formerly. This caused a general belief that the place was being evacuated and fears were entertained and expressed that the prize was slipping through our fingers. About 4 p.m. the skirmish lines were almost simultaneously advanced around the whole line, and without, so far as I can learn, any orders; and as the enemy rallied, offering a more stubborn resistance, our skirmishers were strengthened, and such was the enthusiasm of the troops that had there been concert of action it is believe the place might then have been captured. As it was the rebels were driven within their works, from which they opened a withering fire of musketry and of grape and canister, temporarily checking the advance. The order was then given to intrench and hold the ground gained. The reserve regiment was then brought up to the advance line of entrenchments. About this time the order came to advance the skirmish line and feel of the enemy's force and position, stating that it was believed the place was being evacuated. This order had been already obeyed, disclosing the fact that the artillery though before silent, had not been removed, and that there was at least a strong force of the enemy remaining. Just at this time other portions of the line advancing, permission was obtained to move forward and assault the enemy's works. The order was at once given to the Forty-seventh and Fiftieth Regiments to advance, supported by five companies of the Fifty-first Regiment the balance of that regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Buck, being retained in the advanced line of rifle-pits as a reserve. The command moved with a yell through the abatis and over torpedoes, several of which exploded, driving the rebels from their works and guns, and in conjunction with the regiments of the other brigades which entered the works almost simultaneously captured a large number of prisoners. The day was won, and Blakely, with all its garrison and munitions of war, was ours. I cannot mention with more praise than they merit Colonel Charles A. Gilchrist, commanding Fiftieth U. S. Colored Infantry; Colonel A. Watson Webber, commanding Fifty-first U. S. Colored Infantry, and Lieutenant Colonel Ferd. E. Peebles, commanding Forty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry who led their regiments in the thickest of the fight, viewing with each other, though in the most friendly manner, in deeds of noble daring. Instances must be very rare in which better officers than those named were supported by better officers and men. The spirit and enthusiasm of the troops could not be excelled. Men actually wept that they were placed in reserve and could not go with their comrades into the thickest of the fight. To the impetuosity and bravery of the charge may, I think, be attributed the comparatively small number of killed and wounded. The ground covered by the fire of the enemy's guns was soon passed over, and the enemy, intimated by the determined bravery of the men, sought safety in flight. Quite a number of men were killed or wounded by the explosion of torpedoes, which were exploded by stepping upon them. One man, Private Josias Lewis, Company K, Forty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, was, while under my own observation severely wounded, losing a leg by the explosion of one of these infernal machines while guarding prisoners to the rear after they had surrendered claiming the rights of prisoners of war. To the members of my staff-First Lieutenant T. Sumner Greene, Forty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant Silas L. Baltzell, Forty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry,

