
aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant George W. Weeks, Fifty-first U. S. Colored Infantry, aide-de-camp; Second Lieutenant Ebenezer Denney, Fiftieth U. S. Colored Infantry, picket officer-great praise is due for the prompt and fearless manner in which they discharged their duties. Inclosed I send you the report of regimental commanders, together with a full list of casualties.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. SCHOFIELD,

Colonel Forty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain SAMUEL B. FERGUSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 84. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Ferdinand, E. Peebles, Forty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, of operations April 1-9.
HDQRS. FORTY-SEVENTH Regiment U. S. COLORED INFANTRY,Blakely, Ala., April 10, 1865

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Forty-seventh Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry in the operations against and capture of Blakely, Ala.:

On Saturday, the 1st instant, the head of the column to which the regiment belonged arrived before Blakely, and on the succeeding day drove the enemy into their works and commenced throwing up entrenchments with a view to its reduction. Much to its regret the Forty-seventh was held in reserve engaged in the construction of gabions, fascines, &amp;c., and not allowed to enter the pits until the evening of the 8th, when it relieved the Fifty-first Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry, taking possession of the pits they had constructed. About 4.30 p.m. of the 9th our skirmishers participated in a general advance of the skirmish line along the entire front, and I at once ordered the right wing of the regiment forward to their support which was almost immediately followed by the other wing. In the charge the regiment was subjected to a most withering fire of shell, grape, canister, and musketry, which for a time checked its advance. It was but a check, however, and the entire line moved impetuously forward over abatis, through the swamp and the flag for whose supremacy we fight was soon planted on the parapet of the rebel works and the fort, its guns and garrison, were at our feet. Inclosed please find a report of casualties.+ With so general an exhibition of gallantry and courage on the part of both officers and men, it would be invidious to make special mention of any. To have assisted in the achievement of a victory so important in its results is a sufficient warrant for all.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FERD. E. PEEBLES,

Lieutenant Colonel 47th Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry, Commanding the Regiment

Lieutenant T. SUMNER GREENE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., U. S. Colored Troops.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 114.

+Nominal list (here omitted) shows 2 men killed and 1 officer and 17 men wounded.

---------------

