
Numbers 88. Report of Colonel Frederick M. Crandal, Forty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, of operations April 1-9.
HEADQUARTERS FORTY-EIGHTH U. S. COLORED INFANTRY,Blakely, Ala., April 12, 1865

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report, in accordance with circular from brigade headquarters, that the Forty-eighth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry arrived in front of Blakely on April 1. Went into camp and remained until Sunday morning, when skirmishing commenced in front. The regiment was ordered into line of battle, forming the left of the brigade, with one company of skirmishers in front covering the battalion. We moved forward, the skirmishers driving the enemy within about 500 yards of their works. The regiment lost fifteen men killed and wounded by the explosion of shell in the ranks. The regiment being in an exposed position was moved to the right into a ravine; remained there until night, skirmishers still in front. Sunday night remained there until night, skirmishers still in front. Sunday night this regiment commenced work on the first parallel,and worked until 11.30, when it was relieved by the Seventy-sixth Regiment. Remained in camp in ravine Monday, sending out three companies as skirmishers. Tuesday afternoon the regiment moved back a short distance into another ravine as a reserve, and remained there until Saturday, the 8th, with very heavy details working on battery for 30-pounder Parrott guns. Saturday moved up to the original position to support a battery, and remained there until Sundday afternoon at 5 o'clock, when the regiment was ordered up to support the Seventy-sixth and Sixty-eighth Regiments in the charge on the enemy's works. The Forty-eighth participated in the charge with but slight loss, as it was not brought up under fire until the last rush was made, and then the fire of the enemy was wild and most of the shots passed over. The men and officers deserve great praise for the cheerfulness with which they did hard and disagreeable work. All did well, and there was less skulking than is usual in actions of as great severity.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. CRANDAL,

Colonel Forty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry.

Lieutenant G. D. CRANDAL,

Aide-de-Camp.

Numbers 89. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Densmore, Sixty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, of operations April 1-9.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTY-EIGHTH U. S. COLORED INFANTRY,Near Blakely, Ala., April 12, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the evening of the 1st instant this regiment, then commanded by Colonel J. Blackburn Jones, camped with the brigade about two miles from the left of the enemy's works around Blakely, Ala. This regiment occupied the right in the encampment. About 6 o'clock on the following morning heavy skirmishing began with the enemy. The brigade being formed in line this regiment still occupied the right. Companies F, H, and K, commanded, respect-

