
B, Jones, Captain O. H. Holcomb, Company B, Captain F. W. Norwood, Company F, and Lieutenant Clark Gleason, Company B, were severely wounded, and Captain W. A. Poillon, Company E, Lieutenant Rogers, Company K, and Lieutenant Taisey, Company G, were slightly wounded. There were also 7 enlisted men killed and 54 wounded in the charge. Total commissioned officers killed and died of wounds from the morning of the 2nd until the occupation of the enemy's works, 3; total wounded, 7; total enlisted men killed, 9; total enlisted men wounded, 81; total aggregate, 100.

Respectfully submitted.

D. DENSMORE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant G. D. CRANDAL,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 90. Report of Major William E. Nye, Seventy-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, of operations April 2-9.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-SIXTH U. S. COLORED INFANTRY,Near Blakely, Ala., April 12, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 2nd instant this regiment moved with its brigade of which it formed the center, from its encampment, about two miles north of this place, against the enemy, with Companies A and B thrown forward as skirmishers. He was quickly pressed back into his rifle-pits and held there by the skirmish line; the regiment then sought shelter from his artillery fire in a ravine about 600 yards in the rear. On the night of the 3rd this regiment assisted in throwing up a rifle-pit in front of the ravine, which was subsequently occupied by a portion of the Second Brigade. On the 5th, 6th, and 7th, our skirmish line in the meantime having been steadily getting in a more advantageous position, a line of entrenchments was thrown up immediately in its rear and the regiment moved into it on the 8th. On the 9th I received orders to re-enforce my skirmishers at 5 p.m. and drive the enemy from his pits. About 4.30 and while this order was about being carried into execution, I received orders from the brigade commander to advance my regiment. This was done and the rifle-pits carried with a rush, although well protected in front by an abatis of slashed timber, very intricate and difficult to move over. The advance continued to press forward, under a terrific fire of artillery and musketry, to within short range of the enemy's main works, the most advanced portion of the line being within a few yards of it; the line was checked here until the arrival of the reserve, when the charge was again taken up and the works carried. The loss suffered by my command from the investment of the place until its capture is 2 officers killed and 3 wounded; enlisted men, 12 killed and 65 wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. NYE,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant GEORGE D. CRANDAL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

