
route. General Elliott's division will start for Bull's Gap at once, and General Wood's will start, in a day or two, as soon as General Tillson's troops relieve him. Two captains and eight-four men of Vaughn's rebel command came into this place to-day. They bring the information which is undoubted, that the rebel General Echols, commanding the Department of Southwest Virginia and East Tennessee, has disbanded his troops, telling all to go home who will not volunteer to go west of the Mississippi. There are from 10,000 to 15,000 troops in his department. Only about 400 volunteered to go west of the Mississippi. Echols had sixteen pieces of field artillery. These he destroyed by spiking the guns and chopping the woodwork. There is no organized rebel force left in Virginia. The disbandment of Echols' command is the result of Lee's surrender. The Artillery Brigade will move to Knoxville to ship on cars, to-morrow.

April 20.-General Kimball's division moving and Elliott's commencing to ship. Received orders to move corps headquarters on the 23rd instant. The Artillery Brigade started for Knoxville this a. m.

April 21.-the railroad finished to this point at 8 a. m. to-day. Received information to-day that General Kimball's division is now arriving by railroad at Nashville. General Tillson's troops are arriving at Greeneville, and will to-day relieve General Wood's command. Nothing of importance to-day.

April 22.- 5 a. m., General Wood's division is now just starting, en route for Bull's Gap, for the purpose of shipping on the cars. Nothing of importance to-day.

April 23.-9 a. m., corps headquarters leaves for Nashville per railroad. 9 p. m., arrive at Knoxville. The Artillery Brigade starts from Knoxville per railroad this evening.

LOUDON, TENN.

April 24.-8 a. m., arrive at Loudon. Will reach Chattanooga this p. m. 7 p. m., arrive at Chattanooga.

STEVENSON, ALA.

April 25.-6 a. m., reach Stevenson. 9.30 p. m., reach Nashville, Tenn. The Second Division (Elliott's) arriving at Nashville to-day. The Artillery Brigade arriving in Nashville to-night.

NEAR NASHVILLE, TENN.

April 26.-8 a. m., establish corps headquarters about four miles from Nashville, on the Charlotte pike. The last of the Second Division is in camp about five miles from Nashville, on the Charlotte pike; Elliott's about five miles from Nashville on the Hardin pike.

April 27.-General Stanley arrived here at 2 o'clock this morning from Knoxville. General Wood's division (Third) is arriving to-day and going into camp on the Murfreesborough pike, about six miles from Nashville, Tenn.

