
Numbers 91. Reports of Bvt. Major General Benjamin H. Grierson, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Forces, of operations April 17-May 29.
HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Eufaula, Ala., May 1, 1865

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to instructions from the general commanding I moved from Blakely on the 17th of April, reaching Greenville on the morning of the 22nd, where I overtook the Sixteenth Corps. At this place I heard of the capture of Columbus by the forces of General Wilson. Accordingly I swept east to this point, intending to co-operate with him if necessary in the capture of Macon and Augusta. Upon arrival here I received through General Wilson official notice of the existence of an armistice between Generals Sherman and Johnston, since which time my command has been quietly encamped near Georgetown, Ga., except Lucas' brigade, which is in the vicinity of Union Springs, Ala. All Confederate officers and soldiers captured by my command have been paroled. I have just received from General Wilson official copies of dispatches from General Sherman, announcing the termination of the war east of the Chattahoochee River, official copies of which are herewith inclosed.* I shall move from here to Montgomery, which point I expect to reach about the 7th, and where I will await further orders. The command is in good condition and ready for movements in any direction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brevet Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., June 4, 1865

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to instructions from the major-general commanding, I moved from Blakely, Ala., on the afternoon of the 17th of April, 1865, with the brigades of Brigadier General T. J. Lucas and Colonel Joseph Karge, in all about 4,000 effective men, in two columns northeast to Greenville, Ala., thence with one brigade, via Troy, Louisville, Clayton, and Eufaula, Ala., to Georgetown, Ga., and with the other to Union Springs, Ala. Upon arriving at Eufaula, April 29, I learned of the existence of an armistice between Generals Sherman and Johnston. Accordingly I encamped Colonel Karge's brigade near Georgetown, Ga., to await further developments, and communicating with General Lucas at Union Springs directed him to report to me with his command at Eufaula, Ala., that I might have my entire force in a good position should hostilities be renewed. Before his arrival, and upon receipt of the information of the surrender of all forces east of the Chattahoochee, I immediately communicated with him and moved with my entire command by parallel roads to Montgomery, Ala. Upon arrival at this point, I received your communication directing me to

---------------

*See Special Field Orders, Numbers 65, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, April 27, Vol. XLVII, Part III, p. 322; also General Orders, Numbers 18, Army of the Tennessee, April 27, ibid, p. 843.

---------------

