
until the column closed up. The enemy on the opposite bank having opened upon my party with artillery, I ordered the Second Massachusetts Light Artillery forward, which soon drove the enemy from his position, when I crossed a detachment of the Thirty-first Massachusetts (mounted) Infantry, who took possession and held their works until relieved by the infantry. The victory was most complete. The enemy was demoralized to such a degree by the resistless force with which I pressed them, that arms, clothing, and everything that impeded their flight was thrown away and scattered along the road and through the woods. The following are some of the results of the engagement: Brigadier-General Clanton wounded and a prisoners; 18 commissioned officers and 111 enlisted men prisoners. A battle-flag of the enemy was captured by Private Thomas Riley, Company D, First Louisiana Cavalry. A number of horses, mules, and the arms of the prisoners were also captured. The casualties in my command were: First Lieutenant Alfred Shaffer, commanding Company C, First Louisiana Cavalry, killed; First Lieutenant A. O. Daniels, Company B, First Louisiana Cavalry, severely wounded; 2 enlisted men First Louisiana Cavalry killed; 2 enlisted men First Louisiana Cavalry wounded; 26 horses lost. The loss of the enemy I am unable to give, but it was much larger than ours. I take pleasure in calling the attention of the major-general commanding to the prompt and gallant manner in which Colonel Badger with his regiment charged upon the enemy, pressing upon him so closely as to admit of but little resistance after his lines were once broken, fully sustaining the high reputation they have already acquired on previous occasions. The battalion of the Second New York Veteran Cavalry was kept up as closely as the nature of the roads and the rapidity of the advance would admit, and would have rendered efficient aid had their support been required. In the death of Lieutentant Shaffer the country has lost the services of a brave and efficient officer. The names of the prisoners captured will be forwarded as soon as the rolls are completed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. LUCAS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. F. LACEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY BRIGADE,Montgomery Hill, April 18, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward to you the following report of the expedition to Claiborne made by a portion of my command:

On the 9th instant, having received instructions from Major-General Canby to proceed to Claiborne and await orders, I left camp at Blakely at 12 m. with the Second New York Veteran Cavalry, First Louisiana Cavalry, detachment Second Illinois Cavalry, numbering 1,554 cavalry, and two sections of Second Massachusetts Light Artillery, provided with four days' rations and two days' forage, in light marching order, with no wagons and one ambulance to each regiment, reaching Stockton, a distance of twenty miles, at dark, where we encamped for the night. Next day met a few of the enemy and captured several. Encamped at Montpelier at night, a distance of thirty six miles from Stockton. Leaving camp at daylight the next day, my advance was detained two hours repairing the bridge over Little River, which had

