
upon the river road by which I came, reaching Stockton the 17th, where I received orders from the major-general commanding to join his column. I immediately encamped and sent my prisoners and sick forward, preparatory to retreating my march. I captured on the expedition 4 commissioned officers, 78 men, 2 battle-flags, arms, horses, &amp;c. I should have stated that by a scout I sent beyond Monroeville while at Claiborne a report was obtained of the evacuation of Greenville by General Buford's forces, and that they had moved east from that point, and that four trains from Montgomery had been burned.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. LUCAS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major S. L. WOODWARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cav. Forces, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES AT VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, Miss., June 22, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith a report of the movements of my command from the date of their leaving camp near Blakely, Ala., April 9, 1865, until their arrival at Vicksburg, Miss., June 4, 1865, as follows:

In pursuance of orders from Major-General Canby, dated headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, near Spanish Fort, Ala., April 9, 1865, the troops of my command, consisting of the Second New York Veteran Cavalry, the First Louisiana Cavalry, the Second Illinois Cavalry, and the Second Massachusetts Light Battery, left camp near Blakely, Ala., and proceeded in the direction of Claiborne. On the 12th [11th] of April a detachment of the Fifteenth Confederate Cavalry was encountered near Mount Pleasant and was completely routed; 3 officers and 73 men were captured, together with 2 battle-flags a large number of small-arms. Their loss in killed and wounded was quite heavy. Pushed forward and occupied Claiborne the same night, where we remained scouting the country in that vicinity, capturing several officers and 20 men belonging to different regiments, until the evening of the 15th, when we marched in the direction of Blakely. Reached Stockton on the 17th, when orders were received from Brevet Major-General Grierson, commanding cavalry forces, &c., designating this command as the Third Cavalry Brigade, and directing that after procuring supplies, which had been forwarded from Blakely, I should march with my brigade in the direction of Greenville, where I should join his column, marching to that point by another road. In obedience to these instructions, having supplied my command with ten days' rations, I moved forward upon the road designated, reaching Monroeville a few days after. Learning at this place that a detachment of Forrest's cavalry was in the vicinity of Camden pressing stock, I ordered Major Perry, of my staff, to make a scout in that direction with one company of the First Louisiana Cavalry, capturing this force of the enemy if possible and securing all serviceable horses and mules which could be spared from the country without distressing the people. A report of this expedition has already been forwarded. From Monroeville I moved forward, via Turnbull, Pine Level Post-Office, and Monterey, to Greenville, where the command arrived on the

20 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

