
25th of April, having encountered no enemy. On the 27th of April, agreeable to instructions dated headquarters Cavalry Forces, Military Division of West Mississippi, Greenville, April 25, 1865, I sent my wagon train with all unserviceable stock and non-effective men with a guard to Montgomery, and moved with the command in the direction of Union Springs via Rocky Mount and China Grove Post Office. Just before reaching Union Springs on the 29th of April I received a communication from General Grierson dated Clayton. April 28, 1865, announcing in General Orders, No. 4, of that date, the existence of an armistice between the armies of Generals Sherman and Johnston, and directing that all foraging, excepting such as may be necessary for the subsistence of animals and men, be prohibited, such foraging being only under the direction of a commissioned officer. Up to this time stock had been seized whenever to mount my command, replacing that broken down. I found upon my arrival at Union Springs on the 30th a number of Confederate officers and a wagon train, the property of the Confederate Government. On the 1st of May Brigadier-General Pillow, C. S. Army, and Governor Watts, of Alabama, were arrested and sent, together with the train above mentioned, to Montgomery, under the charge of Lieutentant-Colonel Marsh, commanding Second Illinois Cavalry, to be reported upon arrival to Major General A. J. Smith, commanding, for his disposal. Having received orders on the 1st of May to move by the most direct route to Montgomery, I started next day, marching by the way of Fort Hull, Cross Keys Post-Office, and Mount Meigs, arriving my command at Montgomery on the 5th of May. Major Perry, with the company of the First Louisiana Cavalry, rejoined the command at this place. The news of the surrender of Lieutenant General Dick Taylor and army reached us here. By Special Field Orders, No. 4, dated headquarters Cavalry Forces, Military Division of West Mississippi, Montgomery, May 9, 1865, the Second New York Veteran Cavalry was detached from the brigade and ordered, under the command of Brevet Brigadier-General Chrysler, to Talladega, Ala. By Special Field Orders, No. 5, dated May 10, 1865, the Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry and Tenth Indiana Cavalry were transferred from the Second Cavalry Brigade to the Third Cavalry Brigade and reported for duty on the day following.

In pursuance of requirements of Special Field Orders, No. 5, extract II, headquarters Cavalry Forces, Military Division of West Mississippi, Montgomery, May 10, 1865, my command marched at 7 a.m. on the 11th of May, crossing the Alabama River by the pontoon bridge and moving to Kingston to await further instructions. The roads were found in a very bad condition, and forage scarce. Camped at Kingston same afternoon. Next day, having orders to move to Centerville, the command marched at an early hour, arriving at that place in two days, taking the Maplesville road with a portion of the column, the remainder, under Colonel Moore, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry, moving via Plantersville. A portion of the command crossed the Cahawba River same night. Marched the next day in the direction of Greensborough, sending a detachment by way of Marion and the Second Illinois Cavalry from Greensborough to Tuscaloosa to rejoin the command at Columbus, Miss. Crossed the Black Warrior at the pontoon bridge four miles from Eutaw, near which place we halted for the night of the 16th, leaving a provost guard in the town. Marched next day, passing near Pleasant Ridge Post-Office, across the Sipsey River. Marched the next day a short distance beyond Pickensville, where orders were received

