
severely wounded. Of the officers who escaped unharmed I can mention no one where all did their duty so well. Major Van Voast, commanding battalion Second New York Cavalry, followed as closely as the roads would permit, and would have rendered efficient service in the engagement if his command had been required.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

A. S. BADGER,

Lieutentant-Colonel, Commanding First Louisiana Cavalry.

Captain E. V. HITCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 94. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Andrew B. Spurling, Second Cavalry, commanding brigade, of operations March 19-26 and April 1-7.
HEADQUARTERS SPECIAL CAVALRY EXPEDITION,Canoe Station, Ala., March 27, 1865.

The following is the report of the recent cavalry expedition into Western Florida Southern Alabama:

At 6.30 a.m. Tuesday, March 21, 1865, the steamer Matamoras landed at Creigler's Mills, on the east side of the Blackwater River, four miles below Milton, Fla., the last detachment of troops assigned to my command. I immediately commenced, moving from Creigler's Mills. The troops composing Special Cavalry Expedition were Second Illinois Cavalry, 429 enlisted men and 14 officers, Major F. Moore commanding; Second Maine Cavalry, 212 enlisted men and 10 officers, Major Charles A. Miller commanding, and First Florida Cavalry, 177 enlisted men and 5 officers, amounting in the aggregate to 847. Captain E. D. Johnson, of the Second Maine, had been sent to Milton on the 19th with two companies of the First Florida. He had driven the enemy's pickets toward Pollard, and was holding the place for the purpose of concealing the real movement on the opposite side of the river. He did not move with the column. In order further to deceive the enemy he was instructed to remain at Milton until the column had left Creigler's Mills, then to cross the river at noon and overtake the force as soon as practicable. The direct route to Andalusia, Ala., was taken . The early part of the day was rainy and uncomfortable. The brooks and creeks were swollen by the constant rain . During the whole day the march was through a sandy country, and notwithstanding the bad weather the roads were in fair condition. Nothing of importance occurred during the march of the first day. The command went into camp at 6 p.m. twenty-five miles from Milton. At 5 o'clock in the morning March 22 the whole force was again in motion. The weather was cool and pleasant, and as on the former day the march was through a sandy country, well watered, and covered with pine forests. Several were made prisoners and quite a number of horses and mules captured. I encamped for the night at 6 o'clock six miles from Andalusia. During the night the picket brought in two couriers bearing dispatches from a rebel captain, commanding at McGowan's Bridge, to commanding officer Andalusia, to the effect that 2,000 Yankees were advancing from Milton upon that place, and directing that all the people capable of bearing arms be in readiness to make resistance. It was also stated that a certain rebel Captain Keyser was retreating in my front, and would be there to assist in giving

