
me a warm reception. It was thought that I would reach the place on the evening of the 23rd. At 4 o'clock in the morning the march was resumed, and at 5.30 o'clock I reached Andalusia. No resistance was made whatever. I caused all the arms and ammunition that could be found in the place to be destroyed. The people were generally armed with the Enfield musket. What little property belonged to the rebel Government, and could be found, was destroyed. I left the place at 8 a.m. and marched toward Evergreen. Met with no opposition during the day, but at night a little after dark, and when six miles from Evergreen, I came suddenly upon three rebels. They attempted to escape and two of them were wounded and all were made prisoners. One of them (moved) proved to be a Lieutentant Watts, of General Clanton's staff, and a son of Governor Watts. A little before midnight I reached the Alabama and Florida Railroad at a point five miles above Evergreen. I immediately caused the telegraph wires to be cut and the railroad track to be torn up. At 4.30 a.m. March 24 the train of cars from Pollard came up the road. It was thrown from the track, set on fire, and destroyed. It consisted of 1 locomotive, 1 baggage, 2 passenger, and 4 platform-cars. At 7 o'clock the train arrived from Montgomery and was captured and destroyed; 100 soldiers, including 7 commissioned officers were captured in this train. Their destination was Mobile. The train consisted of 1 locomotive, 1 baggage, 4 passenger, and 2 freight cars. There was considerable corn, clothing, &amp;c., in the cars, all of which was destroyed. Having captured and destroyed both trains of cars, I proceeded with my force to Evergreen, where I arrived at 11 a.m. Here I obtained an abundance of forage and rations and destroyed some stores. What little rolling-stock was found at the station was burned. I left Evergreen at 2 p.m. en route for Sparta. I reached the station at 4 o'clock. All the rolling-stock-six box -cars-was destroyed. Some quite important trestle-work on the road was burned, and the depot, filled with stores and warlike material. The command went into camp for the night at Sparta.

March 25, the column moved at 5 a.m. on the road leading to Brooklyn, which place was reached at 11.30 o'clock. The march was continued till sundown, when a halt was made twelve miles from Brewton Station. I reached Brewton Station at 11 a.m. on the following day. I found that a part of the planking of the bridge across Muddy Creek had been removed, and it would be necessary to repair the bridge before my force could cross. I sent over an advance guard (dismounted) to see if they could find any enemy. The rebels soon opened fire from behind a small breast-work and then ran away. We were not able to capture them. Lieutentant Vose, of the Second Maine, and two enlisted men of that regiment were slightly wounded. The bridge was repaired, the march resumed, and continued on the direct road to Pollard, which place I reached with my command at 6 p.m. Sunday, March 26, and where I learned of the success and advance of the army. The results of the expedition in the way of prisoners, captured property, &c., which I have with me, are 120 prisoners, 200 negroes, 250 horses and mules. The conduct of officers and men was at all times good. I do not deem it necessary to make special mention of any one where all have done their duty equally well.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. SPURLING,

Lieutentant-Colonel Second Maine Cavalry, Commanding.

Captain JOHN F. LACEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

