HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Blakely, Ala., April 2, 1865.

I have the honor to submit the following report:

Pursuant to orders received the evening of the 31st of March, the Second Brigade left Stockton at 5 a.m. April 1, for the purpose of opening communication with and joining the U. S. forces operating against Spanish Fort below Blakely. When within seven miles of Blakely my advance guard came in contact with the enemy's picket, four of them were captured and one received a saber cut on the head. A short distance farther on other pickets were captured and one mortally wounded. Five miles from Blakely I came upon the enemy in force. Having satisfied myself that there was no other route by which I could get through to communicate with Major-General Canby, unless I retraced my march for many miles, I concluded to fight. The Second Maine Cavalry was dismounted and deployed on each side of the road to fight on foot. This regiment was moved forward under a brisk fire, which was as briskly returned. The enemy slowly retired before this advance, taking shelter behind fences and everything that could afford protection. They retired in this way for over a mile, contesting every inch of the ground. I had moved the Second Illinois up the road, and kept its advance on a line with the Second Maine, and judging that the favorable opportunity had arrived I charged the enemy with that regiment. It was a complete success. His whole force was routed and a portion of it captured. Two companies of the Second Illinois Cavalry pursued the fugitives within half a mile of the enemy's works at Blakely, from which a sharp fire was opened with artillery. In all, 74 men were taken prisoners, including 3 commissioned officers. Nearly all of them were prisoners of the Forty-sixth Mississippi Infantry. The colors of that regiment were also captured; 8 horses and mules were taken; 70 stand of arms captured and destroyed. The casualties were: One mortally wounded. He was so near to the enemy's works that he could not be brought off by his comrades. One man slightly wounded in the foot by the explosion of a torpedo. Both of these men belonged to the Second Illinois Cavalry. Four horses of that regiment were killed. After I had whipped the enemy and driven him into his fortifications, at Blakely I got my force into a good position to halt, feed, &amp;c., when the main column came up.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. SPURLING,

Lieutentant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOHN F. LACEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Blakely, Ala., April 7, 1865.

I have the honor to inform the general commanding that I made a scout this morning in the direction of Stockton. I had with me for the occasion about thirty men, all well mounted. When eight miles from camp, I received information that a small squad of rebel cavalry was in the immediate vicinity, and must be in close proximity to me. I soon discovered them drawn up in a cross-road. They were routed, 1 of their number killed and 2 severely wounded. I pursued the fugitives for a long distance. Nine rebels in all were made prisoners; all their arms, equipments, &c., were captured, and the arms were destroyed.

