
Eight horses were also captured. Among the prisoners were two commissioned officers, a captain and a lieutentant. They belonged to Armistead's command, and were lurking about in the rear of our army to capture stragglers and small foraging parties that might be sent into the country. There were no casualties in my own force. I returned to camp at 4 p.m., bringing with me the prisoners, horses, &amp;c. Only four of the whole squad (numbering fourteen) which I encountered made their escape.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. SPURLING,

Lieutentant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain E. V. HITCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 95. Report of Major Franklin Moore, Second Illinois Cavalry, of operations March 18-28.

CAMP SECOND ILLINOIS CAVALRY,

March 29, 1865.

SIR: In pursuance of orders received I make the following report of the part my regiment took in the late expedition commanded by Colonel Spurling:

Ordered to report to Colonel Spurling by General Steele at Barrancas, Fla., 18th of March. My regiment arrived at Creigler's Mills the 19th of March. 21st of March, broke camp at 7 a.m. Nothing of importance transpired. Passed Andalusia 23rd of March. Crossed the Conecuh River, Pigeon Creek, and Sepalter River on the 24th of March. Arrived at Gravel Station, being ordered with a portion of my command to destroy the railroad, which I did effectually, my pioneers remaining until the train ran off the track, capturing twelve prisoners. Remained near Gravel Station with my regiment and a portion of the Second Maine Cavalry, while Colonel Spurling continued march to Evergreen, my regiment and Second Maine still waiting for the train expected from Montgomery. I placed a portion of my command between the train already captured and Montgomery to place obstructions on the track to prevent the retreat of the train in case of discovery of the wrecked train, which was done. The train arrived and was captured with 170 prisoners, a portion of which were citizens and paroled soldiers, which were afterward released by order of Colonel Spurling. The rebels fired on my regiment, killing one horse and wounding another. My regiment returned the fire, killing one man trying to make his escape. The train was loaded with clothing, grain, horses, mail, tobacco, &c. Burned everything and resumed march; joined Colonel Spurling at Evergreen at 11 a.m. one company of my regiment guarding the prisoners until my arrival at brigade. Crossed Murder Creek; arrived at Big Muddy at 11 a.m. The advance crossed to procure plank to repair the bridge which had been torn up, when they were fired on and retreated, Colonel Spurling ordering me to dismount my regiment and advance through the woods as skirmishers, which I did. But finding no enemy, which fled after delivering their fire, repaired bridge and continued march. Crossed Burnt Corn River. Passed Pollard and crossed the Little Escambia River 27th. Continued march; crossed

