
Big Escambia by building bridge; turned prisoners over at Canoe Station 28th of March; my regiment taking the advance every third day.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK MOORE,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain E. V. HITCH.

No. 96. Medals of Honor awarded for distinguished services under Resolution of Congress, No. 43, approved July 12, 1862, and section 6 of Act of Congress approved March 3, 1863.

Name.	 Rank and	 Date	 Awarded for-

 organization

Bras, Edgar	 Sergeant Company	 1865.	 Capture of flag at

A	 K, 8th Iowa	 	 Spanish Fort,

 Infantry	 April 8	 Ala.

Callahan,	 Private, Company	 April 9	 Capture of flag at

John H	 B, 122nd Illinois 	 	 Blakely, Ala.

 Infantry

Dorley,	 Private, Company	 April 	 Capture of flag

August	 B, 1st Louisiana	 11	 at Mount Pleasant,

 Cavalry	 	 Ala.

McConnell,	 Captain Company H,	 April 9	 Capture of flag

Samuel	 119th Illinois	 	 at Blakely, Ala.

 Infantry.

Merriam,	 Lieutentant-	 April 	 Distinguished

Henry C	 colonel 73rd U. S.	 9.	 gallantry at the

 Colored Troops.	 	 assault and

 	 	 capture, of Fort

 	 	 Blakely, Ala.

Miller,	 Captain Company B,	 April 9	 Capture flag at

Henry A	 8th Illinois 	 	 Blakely, Ala.

 Infantry.

Pentzer,	 Captain Company C,	 April 9	 Capture of flag at

Patrick H	 97th Illinois 	 	 Blakely, Ala.

 Infantry.

Rebman,	 Sergeant, Company	 April 9	 Capture of flag at

George F	 B, 119th Illinois 	 	 Blakely, Ala.

 Infantry.

Riley,	 Private, Company 	 April 4	 Capture of flag at

Thomas	 D, 1st Louisiana 	 	 Blakely, Ala.

 Cavalry

Stickles,	 Sergeant, Company	 April 9	 Capture of flag

Joseph	 A, 83rd Ohio	 	 at Blakely, Ala.

 Infantry

Vifquain,	 Lieutentant-	 April 9	 Capture flag at

Victor	 colonel 97th 	 	 Blakely, Ala.

 Illinois Infantry.

Wheaton, 	 Lieutentant-	 April 9	 Distinguished

Loyd	 colonel 8th	 	 gallantry at the

 Illinois Infantry.	 	 assault upon Fort

 	 	 Blakely, Ala.

Whitmore, 	 Private, Company	 April 9	 Capture of flag

John	 F, 119th Illinois 	 	 at Blakely, Ala.

 Infantry.

No. 97. Report of Brigadier General Randall L. Gibson, C. S. Army, commanding forces on Eastern Shore of Mobile Bay, of operations March 23-April 11.

MERIDIAN, MISS., April 16, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the forces under my command on the eastern shore of Mobile Bay:

On the 23rd of March I was ordered by Major-General Maury, commanding District of the Gulf, to report with my brigade to Brigadier General St. John R. Liddell, at Blakely, and by him directed to move toward Deer Park, near Fish River, and with two regiments of Holtzelaw's brigade, Colonel Bush Jones commanding, and Colonel P. B. Spence's cavalry to hold the enemy in observation. The following day I disposed these troops for this purpose, and early the next morning the enemy moved in force on the Durant road toward Sibley's Mills, about two miles to the east beyond Spanish Fort in the direction of Blakely. I had selected a line of battle on the north side of D'Olive's Creek, intending

