
been partially destroyed by our forces, and of which the enemy wished to posses themselves. The ship was moored below near Battery Tracy. No evidence of the enemy near the bridge could be seen. Spanish Fort and its entrenchments at this time were invested by the enemy. You were on board the ship when a dispatch was received about 1 p.m. from General Maury, then in Spanish Fort, asking the Morgan to pass obstructions at Battery Huger and shell the enemy's right. The Morgan was not present. An hour later another dispatch of the same tenor, but more pressing, urged the Morgan to go to the assistance of General Gibson's left, he being heavily pressed on that part of his line. It was doubtful whether this ship could pass the obstructions. The pilot was sent to make examination; he reported twelve feet water and width sufficient. Got under way immediately and essayed the passage. Ship grounded at the junction of the Apalachee and Blakely and remained immovable till the afternoon of the 29th, being bound on the sands by the currents of the two rivers, one acting on the bow the other on the quarter with great force. March 30, at anchor between Huger and Tracy. General Liddell visited the ship and directed us where he wished out shots placed. Opened upon the enemy's right with good effect, upon their line of skirmishers and sharpshooters, and also driving out twice a working party from entrenchments in course of construction on their extreme right, and distant about 3,200 yards. During the night fired an occasional shell along the investment. Boats employed at night removing wounded from Spanish Fort. March 31, at 8 a.m. enemy's batteries of 30-pounder Parrotts opened upon us. These guns were planted near the shore of Minette Bay, about half way between the bridge and the right of their line. These works had been observed by us as soon as the mist permitted the view, and had been partially unmasked during the night. As soon as observed preparation was made to shell them, and the discovery immediately communicated to the commanding officer at Huger. The enemy anticipated me by about fifteen minutes, and opened a rapid and accurate fire upon this ship, in the midst of which we had to weigh our anchor, no gun bearing upon the position. By the time the anchor was up they had our range exactly. We responded with a few shots, but finding out elevation inefficient to reach, we steamed a little above Tracy and anchored beyond range. The ship was struck eight times, but without serious injury. Boats employed during the night removing wounded from Spanish Fort. The after gun carriage being disabled, and a serious leak in one of the boilers, made it necessary for the ship to proceed to Mobile for repairs.

During April 1 and 2 repaired the injuries mentioned. April 3, returned to Blakely River, communicated with General Liddell (who sent an officer on board to indicate points he wished shelled), and established a signal station below bluff to report effect of fire. Opened on enemy's right at Blakely at 1 o'clock and continued till 5 p.m. with good effect, as reported by signal and indicated by cheers from our lines. Fired during the night at intervals of an hour. Ship lying in Blakely near Raft River. April 4, during the day and night fired occasionally into enemy's lines by request of general commanding. Signal officer not at station, as arranged between the general and naval forces. April 5, moved ship over to the point between Raft and Upper Tensas Rivers, so that our guns would bear at anchor. Both in the forenoon and afternoon fired upon enemy's lines, and also at a point in the woods where we supposed they were erecting a battery . Sent General Liddell a boat for special service. Fired an occasional shot during the night. April 6, fired a few shots at the enemy's line of sharpshooters

