
board. From 5.30 to 6.30 p.m. a continuous discharge of artillery and small-arms, mingled with loud cheers, was along the whole line of entrenchments. A few minutes before this a request from General Liddell was brought me by Lieutentant-Commanding Myers that I would anchor the ship at a point in the Blakely River he indicated and open upon the enemy's right. This could not be complied with because of the current at that point and the absence of holding-ground, and also for the reason that I should much endanger the men of our extreme left from the uncertainly of our shells. Whilst discussing this question with Captain Myers, who agreed with me in the impolicy of the maneuver, the assault was made. As soon as I discovered the enemy gaining upon our position, as indicated by the firing and cheering, I moved the ship close to the Blakely shore and rescued such of the garrison as were able to float themselves off. Learning from some one of the refugees that General Liddell was on the beach seeking to escape. I dispatched the gig, under command of Passed-Midshipman Carrall, to the point indicated, but, unhappily, before the boat could reach the shore the enemy's sharpshooters were at the water. It was inexpressibly painful to me to abandon the attempt of his rescue. The boats of the squadron rescued from the water between 150 and 200 of the garrison. Afterward we anchored at mouth of Tensas River, being unable to pass its bar at night. Received ammunition at 10 o'clock. I reported to you in person at midnight at Mobile. April 10, at daylight moved ship to Conway's Bayou to guard rear of Batteries Tracy and Huger; communicated with Colonel Patton, and stated my instructions. April 11, received coal from transport King. At 3 p.m. the Morgan relieved us. Got under way and anchored at head of Spanish River; received crews and material from the Huntsville and Tuscaloosa. At 11 p.m. the Nashville was under way steaming up Mobile River. During the investment of Spanish Fort and Blakely, a period of about two weeks, the officers and men of my command were much taxed in their endurance by constant labor, but which was performed with zeal and cheerfulness. Frequently under fire, their bearing was always admirable. To the executive officer, Lieutentant Harrison, and to Lieutentant Fendall, commanding marines, I am under especial obligations for their intelligent assistance and cordial co-operation.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. BENNETT,

Lieutentant-Commanding.

Flag-Officer E. FARRAND,

Commanding Naval Forces, &amp;c.

MARCH 20, 1865.-Skirmish at Riggold, Ga.

Report of Brigadier General Henry M. Judah, U. S. Army.

DALTON, March 20, 1865.

The following received from Ringgold:

My pickets have been attacked. Guerrillas have withdrawn; except an attack before daylight in morning. Send re-enforcements if convenient.

A. CHINIQUY.

The above dispatch is just received. I send five companies of One hundred and fifty-first Illinois at once.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

