
we were detained days by a freshet. From thence we struck for Christiansburg. On the route I detached Colonel Miller with a portion of his brigade to Wytheville, and Major Wagner with a portion of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania, Palmer's brigade, to Big Lick. These three points were struck almost simultaneously. Colonel Miller attacked, and after some hard fighting captured Wytheville, destroyed the depot of supplies at that point, and also at Max Meadows. Major Wagner after striking the railroad at Big Lick pushed on toward Lynchburg, destroying on his way the important bridges over Big and Little Otter, and got within four miles of Lynchburg. With the main body I effectually destroyed the road between New River and Big Lick and then struck for Greensborough on the North Carolina Railroad. Arrived near Salem, N. C., I detailed Palmer's brigade to destroy the bridges between Danville and Greensborough, and between Greensborough and the Yadkin River, and the large depots of supplies along the road. This duty was performed with considerable fighting, the capture of 400 prisoners, and to my entire satisfaction. With the other two brigades, Brown's and Miller's and the artillery under the command of Lieutentant Regan, we pushed for Salisbury, where we found about 3,000 troops under the command of Major General William M. Gardner, and fourteen pieces of artillery under command of Colonel (late Lieutentant-General) Pemberton, the whole formed behind Grant's Creek about two miles and a half from Salisbury. As soon as a proper disposition could be made I ordered a general charge along the entire line, and the result was the capture of the whole 14 pieces of artillery, 1,364 prisoners, including 53 officers. All the artillery and 1,164 prisoners are now with us; the remainder of the force was chased through and several miles beyond town, but scattered and escaped into woods. We remained at Salisbury two days, during which time we destroyed fifteen miles of railroad track and the bridges toward Charlotte, and then moved to this point. From here we shall move to the south side of the Catawba River, and be in a position to operate toward Charlotte or upon the flank of any army moving south.

Following is a partial list of the public property captured mostly at Salisbury and destroyed by us: Four large cotton factories and 7,000 bales of cotton, four large magazines containing 10,000 stand of small-arms and accouterments, 1,000,000 rounds small-arm ammunition, 10,000 rounds fixed artillery ammunition, and 70,000 pounds of powder, 35,000 bushels of wheat, 160,000 pounds of bacon, 100,000 suits gray uniform clothing, 250,000 army blankets, 20,000 pounds harness leather, 10,000 pounds of saltpeter, also a very large amount of sugar, salt, rice, and other stores and medical supplies, valued by the rebel medical director at $100,000 in gold; in addition to the arsenal at Salisbury, the military prison was being fitted up and was filled with machinery sent from Raleigh and Richmond, all of which was destroyed. The tithing depots along the route traversed by our various parties have furnished us with supplies in the greatest abundance. The number of horses and mules captured and taken along the road I have no means of estimating. I can say, however, that we are much better mounted than when we left Knoxville. Have a surplus of led animals and sufficient besides to haul off all of our captures, mount a portion of the prisoners and about a thousand contrabands and this after crossing Stone Mountain once and the Blue Ridge three times, and a march made by headquarters since the 20th of last month of 500 miles, and much more by portions of the command. The rapidity of our movements has in almost every instance caused our advance guard to herald our approach and made the surprise

