
ARTILLERY.

Ohio, Light, 21st Battery, Lieutenant William D. Mann.

Ohio Light, 22nd Battery, Lieutenant Harvey Burdell.

1st Michigan Light, Battery L, Captain Carlton Neal.

1st Michigan Light, Battery, M, Captain Augustus H. Emery.

1st Illinois Light, Battery K, Lieutenant Charles M. Judd.

Illinois Light, Henshaw's Battery, Lieutenant Azro C. Putnam.

1st Tennessee Light, Battery B, Captain William O. Beebe.

No. 3. Report of Lieutenant Theodore Mallaby, jr., Signal Corps, U. S. Army, Chief Signal Officer, District of East Tennessee, of operations March 20-May 30.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 31, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of sub-detachment of Signal Corps, U. S. Army, Department of the Cumberland, with Major General George Stoneman's cavalry command, during the months of March, April, and May, 1865:

March 20, in compliance with orders, I reported to General A. C. Gillem, commanding Cavalry Division, District of East Tennessee, at Knoxville. 21st, the command moved from Knoxville at 12 m. and encamped at Strawberry Plains at 7 p.m., marching fifteen miles. 22nd, marched fifteen miles and halted at Rossy Creek, Lieutentant Rice joining me here. 23rd, the command marched at 7 a.m., arriving at Morristown at 1 p.m., distance, fourteen miles. I endeavored to get signal communication with Brigadier-General Tillson at Bull's Gap, but failed to do so. 24th, command marched at 7 a.m. via Bull's Gap; reached Carter's at 5 p.m.; distance twenty-three miles. Endeavored to get communication with General Tillson, but failed to do so. 25th, marched nineteen miles and went into camp for the night. 26th, marched at 10 a.m. via Jonesborough, halted at Dry Creek; distance, twenty-three miles. 27th, marched at 4 a.m.; forded Doe River and crossed Smoky Mountains into North Carolina; distance, thirty miles. 28th, command moved at 5 a.m.; skirmished with enemy at Boone; charged and captured the entire force, and encamped on top of Blue Ridge at 11 p.m.; distance, twenty-nine miles. 29th, marched thirty miles, and encamped near Wilkesborough, N. C., at 7 p.m. 30th, moved at 5 a.m., and joined First Brigade, which had taken a different route across the mountains from Boone; the First Brigade forded the Yadkin River, which was rising too fast for the balance of the command to follow; went into camp at 12 m., having marched eleven miles. 31st, marched at 7 a.m. I opened communication by signal with Colonel Palmer, commanding First Brigade, transmitting the following messages:

[Received, No. 1.]

MARCH 31, 1865-3.30 p.m.

Major BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My command will go on from this position to Heckerson's plantation, nine miles from here and six miles this side of Elfin's Factory, unless I meet courier at Roaring River, three miles from here, or am stopped by a message through this signal station, at which I have left an orderly. My advanced command sent out this morning has gone on to take the factory. No enemy to be seen this [side] of the river. The party who fired on my pickets last evening were bushwhackers.

W. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

