
[Sent, No. 6.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Near Jonesville, April 1, 1865-2.25 p.m.

Colonel W. J. PALMER,

Commanding Brigade:

You will move on the Rockford to-morrow. We will march on the south bank of the Yadkin.

By command of Brigadier-General Gillem:

W. J. PATTERSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Sent, No. 7.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Near Jonesville, April 1, 1865.-9 p.m.

Colonel PALMER,

Commanding Brigade:

General Stoneman directs that you have the ferry-boat rope stretched across the river to-night so as to be ready for use by to-morrow at dawn.

M. W. KEOGH,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

April 2, closed station at 9 a.m.; command forded the river and joined First Brigade; marched to Mount Airy, N. C., and encamped at 8 p.m.; distance, thirty-three miles. 3rd, moved at 5 a.m.; crossed Blue Ridge Mountains through Fancy Gap; halted at Hillsville, Va., at 1 p.m.; Colonel Miller ordered to Wytheville, Va., to cut railroad; command moved at 7 p.m.; captured and burned wagon train of twenty-seven wagons, having a brisk skirmish with the enemy; encamped at 1 a.m. on the 4th instant; distance, forty-three miles. 4th, marched at 6 a.m.; halted at Jacksonville, Va., at 1 a.m.; marched at 5 p.m.; reached Christiansburg, Va., at 1 a.m. 5th instant, distance, thirty-one miles; destroyed railroad from Wytheville to within a few miles of Lynchburg, Va.; captured Lynchburg paper of 4th instant, informing us of capture of Richmond. 6th, command moved at 7 p.m. to Taylorsville, N. C. [Va.], via Jacksonville, Va., crossing Blue Ridge at Mowbrey Gap; went into camp at Taylorsville, N. C. [Va.], at 11 p.m. on the 7th instant; distance, forty-eight miles. 9th, marched at 7 a.m.; halted at Danbury, N. C., at 4 p.m.; twenty-six miles, Colonel Palmer reporting having repulsed the enemy 300 strong at Martinsville, who retreated toward Lynchburg, Va. 10th instant, moved at 7 a.m.; arrived at Huntsville via Germantown at 10 a.m. 11th instant; distance, thirty-eight miles. Four hundred negroes who had followed the column sent under guard to Brigadier-General Tillson; marched at 2 p.m.; skirmished with the enemy during the afternoon; charged through the town of Mocksville, capturing a few prisoners; forded the river Yadkin at 2 a.m. on the 12th instant; skirmished with enemy at bridge four miles from Salisbury; carried the bridge and found the enemy in a strong position with artillery. Our forces brought on a general engagement and succeeded in capturing the place, 1,300 prisoners, 18 pieces of artillery, and a large amount of ordnance, quartermaster's, and commissary stores, &amp;c. During the engagement Lieutentant Rice and myself occupied stations of observation under the fire of the enemy. 13th, the command moved at 2 p.m.; encamped at Taylorsville, [N. C.], at 12 m. on the 14th instant, destroying railroad depots, &c., on the route, distance marched, forty-seven miles. 15th, marched at 10 a.m.; halted at

