
Lenoir, N. C., for the night; distance, twenty-three miles. Endeavored to get communication with Brigadier-General Tillson, but failed to do so. 18th, command moved at 7 a.m.; found the enemy in force at the ford bridge near Morganton, N. C.; skirmished with enemy for two hours. I occupied a station of observation and discovered their artillery where we were enabled to shell them from their position and captured the place with a few prisoners and one piece of artillery. Distance from Lenoir, sixteen miles. 19th, command marched twenty-three miles and encamped at Pleasant Garden. 20th, marched to Swannanoa Gap, in the Blue Ridge; found the enemy in force and turned back; halted for the night six miles from the gap. 21st, moved at 7 a.m.; went into camp at Rutherfordton at 8 p.m.; distance, thirty-four miles. 22nd, received official notice official notice of an armistice between Generals Sherman and Johnston. Command moved at 10 a.m.; halted at the top of the Blue Ridge at the Howard Gap; marched at 5 a.m. on the 23rd instant; reached Andersonville [Hendersonville] at 8 a.m.; distance, thirty-eight miles. Marched at 3 p.m.; captured a four-gun battery on the way to Asheville. 24th, General Gillem was met by General Martin, C. S. Army, under flag of truce, who claimed the privilege of the armistice between Generals Sherman and Johnston. The command passed through town and after marching fifteen miles were ordered back to capture and hold Asheville, N. C. 26th, took possession of Asheville at 7 p.m., capturing a number of prisoners and 4 pieces of artillery. 29th, the command was ordered to pursue Jeff. Davis; marched twenty miles and halted for the night. 30th instant, command moved at 7 a.m.; crossed Blue Mountains at Saluda Gap; halted near Pickensville, S. C., at 7 p.m.; distance, thirty-one miles.

May 1, marched at 6 a.m.; reached Anderson, S. C., at 4 p.m.; distance, thirty-nine miles. 2nd, marched at 9 p.m.; arrived at Danielsville, Ga., on the 3rd instant, at 11 p.m.; distance, forty-nine miles. 3rd, the command moved at 6 a.m.; went into camp at Athens, Ga.; took possession of the place, capturing 2 general officers and a number of prisoners. 5th, was ordered by General Palmer to proceed to General Wilson, at Macon, with important dispatches from War Department. I left Athens at 9 p.m. with a guard of twenty men and arrived at Macon on the 7th instant, at 9 a.m., marching 100 miles in thirty-six hours (the aforesaid dispatches ordering Major-General Wilson to pursue and capture Jeff. Davis). I remained at General Wilson's headquarters until 23rd instant, on which day I started for Atlanta, Ga., reaching there by rail same day. 24th, marched at 8 a.m., to Acworth, Ga., thirty-five miles; halted for the night at 5 p.m. 25th marched twenty-one miles and halted at Cassville and remained all night. 26th, marched at 4 a.m.; reached Resaca at 1 p.m.; took the cars for Chattanooga at 10 p.m., at which place I received orders from Captain Joseph H. Spencer, chief signal officer, to report at Nashville. 29th, left Chattanooga for Nashville, reporting to Captain Joseph H. Spencer on the 30th instant.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEODORE MALLABY, JR.,

Second Lieutentant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

Captain JOSEPH H. SPENCER,

Chief Signal Officer, Department of the Cumberland.

