
quite a number of Union families in the mountains of North Carolina, who manifested great joy at the of the old flag. There are but few men belonging to these families at home. I also learned that a force of the enemy, about 2,000 strong, had been started our from Waynesville with he intention of striking the Knoxville railroad at Loudon, when, hearing of our march into North Carolina, they were halted at Qualltown. I had no men killed and only two men wounded, they quite seriously.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. M. KIRBY,

Colonel 101st Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

Captain ED. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 1, 1865.-Skirmish in McLemore's Cove, Tenn.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel George A. Gowin, Sixth Tennessee Mounted Infantry.

RINGGOLD, February 2, 1865.

After leaving camp yesterday morning I learned that Gatewood was in McLemore's Cove with seventy-five men. I therefore marched up the cove road, I being upon his rear during the evening without letting him know that I was there. I waited for him to camp. About 10 o'clock at night I attacked his camp and made a smash of him, killing a number, capturing several horses, guns &amp;c. I took no prisoners. I was attacked by a squad of bushwhackers to-day. We killed two. I have lost no men, nor had any wounded.

G. A. GOWIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixth Tennessee Mounted Infantry.

Major- General STEEDMAN.

FEBRUARY 3-4, 1865. -Skirmish at Ladd's House, Hog Jaw Valley, Ala.

Report of Colonel Felix Prince Salm, Sixty-eighth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Bridgeport, Ala., February 6, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report to you that one of my scouting parties met a gang of guerrillas in Hog Jaw Valley, near B. Ladd's house; they came to fight and one of the bushwhackers, named Frank Howard was severely wounded and died a few hours afterward. No information could be obtained from him, be being senseless until his death. The rest of the gang skedaddle to the mountains without returning the fire. The above happened during the night of the 3rd to the 4th instant.

Most respectfully submitted.

FELIX PR. SALM,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Major S. B. MOE,

Asst. Adjt. General Dist. of the Etowah, Chattanooga, Tenn.

3 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

