
routed the rebels, killing 9 and capturing 68. Much credit is due Major Keogh and the gallant officers and men of the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry engaged in this affair. At Boone the command separated, General Stoneman's with Palmer's brigade (First), going by way of Deep Gap to Wilkesborough, whilst I, with Brown's brigade (Second) and the artillery, moved toward the place by the Flat Gap road. Miller had instructions to follow me. At 9 p.m. Brown's brigade arrived at Patterson's factory, at the foot of the Blue Ridge, and found an ample supply of corn and bacon. I remained in rear to give my personal attention to the artillery, which did not arrive at the factory until 7 a.m. on the 29th. After feeding and resting the march was resumed at 11 a.m., a guard having left in charge of the forage and subsistence until the arrival of Colonel Miller, who had orders, after supplying his command, to destroy the remainder and burn the factory. The order was executed. Late in the afternoon I arrived at the intersection of the road I was on with the one on which General Stoneman was moving a few minutes after the general passed. That night the Twelfth Ohio Cavalry drove the enemy from Wilkesborough, compelling them to leave their stores and a number of horses behind. In order to obtain forage it was found necessary to move the Tenth Michigan Cavalry and Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry to the north side of the Yadkin. Early on the following morning (30th), the Twelfth Ohio crossed, but before the artillery could reach the ford the river became so much swollen by the heavy rain of the previous night that it was found to be impassable, and moving four miles to the east of Wilkesborough we encamped. On the 31st the river continued impassable. We moved four miles farther east, where forage was abundant. Colonel Miller's brigade rejoined this day.

April 1, marched to Jonesville. April 2, crossed the Yadkin at Jonesville and marched to Mount Airy by way of Dobson; arrived at Mount Airy about 10 p.m.; learned that a train of wagons had left that place at 3 p.m. going in the direction of Hillsville, Va. Colonel Palmer was directed to send a detachment in pursuit, with orders to follow until he captured the train. An officer of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry had charge of the pursuing party, and after reaching the top of the Blue Ridge halted until the remainder of the command came up next morning. The command marched from Mount Airy at daylight on the morning of April 3, and arrived at Hillsville, Va., at 1 p.m., where the failure of the party sent in pursuit of the rebel wagons was learned. Another party was sent with orders to capture the train at all hazards. In a few hours the officer in charge of the party reported that he had possession of seventeen wagons and one forge. The wagons were loaded with forage, which was fed to Brown's brigade, the animals turned over to the quartermaster's department, and the wagons burned. From Hillsville Colonel Miller, commanding Third Brigade, was ordered to take 500 picked men from his brigade and proceed by way of Porter's Ford, on New River, to Wytheville and destroy the railroad bridges over Reedy Creek and at Max Meadows, together with the depot of supplies at Wytheville. After feeling in the vicinity of Hillsville, the march was resumed at sunset in the direction of Jacksonville. Shortly after dark our advance came upon a force of rebels, which was charged and driven several miles. At 12 p.m. the command bivouacked in the vicinity of a tithe depot of hay. The march was resumed at daylight on the morning of the 4th, and arrived at Jacksonville at 10 a.m., where another tithe depot of bay and corn furnished an ample supply for our animals. At this point

