
these orders to withdraw across the Yadkin at Shallow Ford. The remainder of the division moved at 4 p.m. by way of Bethania and arrived at Shallow Ford at daylight on the 11th. The detachment of the enemy guarding the ford were taken by surprise, made cut a feeble resistance, and field, leaving upward of 100 new muskets in our hands. From Shallow Ford our march was directly south. When near Mocksville the advance came upon a small party of the enemy, which was at once changed and dispersed. At 8 p.m. we bivouacked in the road twelve miles north of Salisbury.

At 12.30 a.m. on the 12th we were again in motion, Miller's brigade in advance. Three miles from our resting place we came to the South Yadkin, a deep and rapid stream with but few fords. It was expected that the passage of this stream would be disputed, but such was not the case. A few rebels were on the north side of the stream. They crossed and offered no resistance to our passage. One-quarter of a mile south of the stream the road forked, both branches leading to Salisbury. The west road was chosen for the main column as being in better condition. One battalion of the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry was sent by the eastern or old road, with orders to make a determined demonstration of crossing Grant's Creek two miles from Salisbury, and if successful to attack the forces defending the upper bridge in rear. Just at daylight our advance guard came upon the enemy's pickets, which were pushed back to the bridge over Grant's Creek, just before reaching which our troops were opened upon by both artillery and infantry stationed on the Salisbury side of the stream. A close reconnaissance discovered the fact that the flooring had been removed from two spans of the bridge and piled on the enemy's side. The trains could be distinctly heard leaving Salisbury on both the South Carolina and Morganton Railroads. Miller's and Brown's brigades were closed up and a section of Regan's battery ordered forward. Just as Brown's brigade had been formed I received an order from Major-General Stoneman to send 100 men to ford Grant's Creek two miles and a half above the bridge, cut the railroad, capture a train if possible, and then get in rear of Salisbury and annoy the enemy as much as possible. The Eleventh Kentucky was selected for this purpose, Lieutentant-Colonel [Major] Slater, commanding and Captain Morrow, of General Stoneman's staff, accompanying the detachment. About the same time Major Donnelly, of the Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, with about 100 men, was ordered to cross the stream lower, whilst Lieutentant-Colonel Smith, acting assistant inspector-general, with a party of dismounted men crossed still lower. Major Keogh, of General Stoneman's staff, afterward joined the Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry and gallantly led it during the charge. So soon as the parties sent across the river became engaged and the rattling fire of the Eleventh Cavalry Spencer rifles announced that the enemy's left had been turned I ordered Colonel Miller to advance on the main road. The flooding of the bridge was found to have been taken up, but was laid by a detachment of the Eighth and Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, and Miller's brigade charged across. The enemy by this time was falling back along their entire line. Brigadier-General Brown was ordered forward to support Colonel Miller, who continued to press them. Their retreat soon became a rout. At the intersection, of the road upon which we were advancing with the Statesville road, Keogh, who had been joined by Major Sawyers' battalion, Eighth Tennessee Cavalry, joined Miller, having charged and captured all the artillery the enemy had used against out right flank. The pursuit was kept up as long as the enemy retained a semblance of organization

