
Mallaby and Rice, signal officers, and Surg. A. L. Carrick, medical director. Upon First Lieutenant J. M. Regan, commanding Battery E, First Tennessee Light Artillery, devolved the laborious duty of commanding his battery. His management of it, whether on long and tedious marches with broken-down horses or in the battle-field, was such as to challenge the admiration of the entire command, and often elicited the praise of the major-general commanding. I would earnestly recommend his promotion to major by brevet. Brigade commanders will send in recommendations of such officers as have distinguished themselves.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALVAN C. GILLEM,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Major G. M. BASCOM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dist. of East Tennessee, Knoxville.

No. 5. Reports of Brigadier General Davis Tillson, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division, Department of the Cumberland, of operations March 22-May 17.

MOUTH OF ROAN CREEK, TENN., April 9, 1865.

GENERAL: In compliance with instructions from Major-General Stoneman, who directed me when no longer able to communicate with him to report to the major-general commanding the department, I have the honor to state that my command reached and encamped at the mouth of Roan Creek, Tenn., on morning of the 4th instant. On the 5th one battalion First U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, 420 men, and the Fourth Tennessee Infantry, 544 men, under command of Major Gray, First U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, moved to Taylorsville, Tenn. Major Gray encamped the battalion of his regiment and two companies of the Fourth Tennessee Infantry at the cross-roads two miles southeast of the town, and Major with the remainder of his regiment encamped at Taylorsville, which had been hastily evacuated a few hours before our arrival by the enemy, 250 strong, under Colonel Prentice, C. S. Army. On the 6th instant I proceeded from Taylorsville to Boone, N. C., meeting Colonel Kirk, who left this camp on the 5th instant with the Second and Third North Carolina Mounted Infantry. On the morning of the 7th the Second North Carolina Infantry, Major Bahney commanding occupied Deep Gap, and Major Rollins, with 200 men of the Third North Carolina Mounted Infantry, Watauga Gap, Colonel Kirk with 406 men remaining at Boone. At all the points mentioned I examined the ground, located gave particular instructions for building rough but formidable field-works, and directed the commanding officer to gather in as large a supply as practicable of subsistence and forage. At Taylorsville advantage was taken of the court-house and other buildings for defensive purposes. This camp is also being rapidly entrenched. Except at this point the troops will probably find no difficulty in obtaining meat, and forage from the country. At this point there are 2,619 men and 750 animals. The surrounding country is very poor, having been foraged over extensively by the enemy, the population being nearly all loyal. By using nearly

22 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

