
Carolina Mounted Infantry, First U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, and First Ohio Volunteer Heavy Artillery were moved toward Asheville, N. C. (all but the latter regiment, which was ordered back to Greeneville), arriving there on the 30th. The Third North Carolina was sent via Waynesville and Franklin to Rabun Gap, the Second North Carolina to Waynesville on the 4th of May. Colonel Bradford surrendered to General Tillson with his command on the 6th. On the 6th of May instructions were sent to Colonel Hawley to move the First U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery to Greeneville at once, and to send instructions to the Second and Third North Carolina to move to Asheville at once; to have the Second North Carolina, remain at Asheville until the Third North Carolina arrived at that place, when the Second would at once move to Greeneville, leaving Colonel Kirk to remain a few days at Asheville to collect the stragglers of his own and other commands, and then return to Greeneville. On the 3rd of May General Martin, commanding Confederate forces in Western North Carolina, surrendered with his command to Lieutentant-Colonel Bartlett, commanding Second North Carolina Mounted Infantry. The terms granted were those given by General Grant to General Lee. But for some reason Colonel Bartlett allowed a portion of the men surrendered to retain their arms. He was at once directed to revoke that portion of the agreement allowing the retention of arms in pursuance of this agreement. On the 17th the Third North Carolina arrived at Asheville, and the Second North Carolina Mounted Infantry moved toward Greeneville. The command is now all at Greeneville, except the Fourth Tennessee Infantry, at Jonesborough; one battalion of the First Ohio Volunteer Heavy Artillery, guarding railroad from Greeneville to Morristown, and the Third North Carolina Mounted Infantry, at Asheville. During all the operations of the troops of the Fourth Division in the field [there were no] casualties except the capture of the party of the cavalry, attached. There were 4,500 men in the command when it moved. This number has been considerably augmented by recruits enlisted in the North Carolina and colored regiments.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

By W. W. DEANE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(In the absence of the general.)

Major G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 22-APRIL 24, 1865.-Wilson's Raid from Chickasaw to Selma, Ala., and Macon, Ga.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

March 28, 1865.-Skirmish near Elyton, Ala.

30, 1865.-Skirmish at Montevallo, Ala.

31, 1865.-Union troops occupy Ashbyville, Ala.

Action near Montevallo, Ala.

Action at Six-Mile Creek, Ala.

April 1, 1865.-Skirmish near Randolph, Ala.

Skirmish at Maplesville, Ala.

Action at Ebenezer Church, near Maplesville, Ala.

Skirmish at Plantersville, Ala.

