
FEBRUARY 5, 1865.- Skirmish near McMinnville, Tenn.

Report of Captain Howard N. Woley, Forty-second Missouri Infantry.

FEBRUARY 5, 1865.

I have the honor to report to you the history of our engagement with some of the Southern chivalry. They were supposed to be the notorious Perdham, together with some other bands of desperadoes, as their combined numbers were full 100. We followed them all day, or until about 3 p.m., when we came on their camp in the mountains. They had picked their position and had made a good selection, and were it not for their condition they might have held their position for a while. They were posted along a gulch running south to the brow of a hill. They were also in line along the hill. As Captain Lewis came up in the advance they poured a heavy fire into our advance as we ascend the hill where they were posted. Most of our officers being in the front, Captain M. M. Floyd, of the Fifth Tennessee Cavalry, was severely wounded, also two soldiers belonging to the same regiment. The boys of the Forty-second were uninjured, except by slight scratches and bullet hoes in their clothes. The rebels left so rapidly that it was impossible four us, on worn-out horses, to overtake them. On examination we found two dead horses, and from indications two men were killed or severely wounded and taken off the field by their comrades. Captain Lewis says he can hold the country and scatter the rebels all through. He thinks a few more of the Forty-second would be acceptable, as the home guards will not all do to tie to. We go to McMinnville from here.

By order of Captain Lewis, commanding scout.

Your obedient servant,

H. N. WOLEY,

Captain.

Colonel STAUBER.

FEBRUARY 6, 1865. -Affair at Corn's Farm, Franklin County, Tenn.

Report of Captain William H. Lewis, Forty-second Missouri Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,Hillsborough, Tenn., February 6, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report the capture of 3 horses and bridles, 3 gum blankets, 2 pairs of saddle-bags filled with clothes, 1 revolver, 1 Mississippi rifle, besides the killing of John Raigan at Jack Corn's farm in Franklin County 12 miles from Hillsborough, by Lieutenant Haines, of Company K, Forty-second Missouri Infantry Volunteers. At 12 p. m. last night I received information of Perdham and two of his men at Corn's. The lieutenant with three of my men and three of the Hillsborough Home Guards went in pursuit. At Strickland's he dismounted and proceeded to Corn's house. On account of the family stubbornly opposing his sleeping in the house, Perdham went to the barn and all three went to sleep. the lieutenant, in approaching the barn, frightened Perdham's hoses, which aroused Perdham and Stearms, who dashed off barefooted and without coats or hats, and made their escape, but Raigan was shot before he got out of his nest.

WILLIAM H. LEWIS,

Captain, Commanding Scout in Field.

Major-General MILROY.

