
FEBRUARY 7, 1865. - Scout on the Hernando Road, Tenn.

Report of Colonel John McConnell, Fifth Illinois Cavalry, commanding First Brigade, Cavalry Division, Department of the Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp Shanks, near Memphis, Tenn., February 7, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the mounted patrol (Lieutenant Jones, First Mississippi Cavalry, commanding), sent out this morning on the Hernando road, went about ten miles south and heard of a squad of fifteen or twenty rebels a short distance ahead. They were pursued five or six miles by our men, but were not overtaken. From citizens and negroes they also heard of several other small squads in that vicinity (all belonging to Forrest's command.) They further learned that the headquarters of the several squads was at the house of Mrs. Heldinbrand, about fourteen miles from Memphis, between the Hernando and Hollow Ford roads.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN McCONNELL,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain E. J. MEYERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division.

FEBRUARY 8-9, 1865.- Affair at New Market (8th), skirmish at Bradfordsville (8th), and skirmish at Hustonville (9th), Ky.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Edward H. Hobson, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Military District of Kentucky.

Numbers 2.-Major Thomas Mahoney, Thirtieth Kentucky Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Edward H. Hobson, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Military district of Kentucky.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, MILITARY DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., February 9, 1865.

I have the honor to report that a train of nine wagons was captured yesterday morning at 11 o'clock at New Market by guerrillas, numbering forty-five, and burned by them. Three of the train guards were killed and four captured and taken to Bradfordsville, where they were murdered by the guerrillas under Captain Clarke. Major Mahoney followed the guerrillas from Lebanon and fought them at Bradfordsville with thirty-five men of the invalid corps. Detachments stationed at Crab Orchard, Campbellsville, Columbia, one at Danville, one at Stanford, Lebanon, Lawrenceburg, all moved out after them, leaving citizens to guard town. This morning at 2 o'clock the detachment from Stanford, under Captain Bridgewater, of State force, attacked the guerrillas on Little South Fork, west of Hustonville; killed 4, captured 35 horses and equipments; ran 30 or 35 of their men into the woods, most of whom ware barefooted; only 7 got away mounted. Captain Clarke escaped.

