
Jackson's force and rejoin the corps by the Centerville and Selma road. The other two divisions pursued the rebels, now known to be under Forrest in person; found them in position on the north bank of a creek at Ebenzer Station, five miles from Plantersville. General Long's advance regiment, the Seventeenth Indiana, of Miller's brigade, made a gallant charge, capturing 1 gun and some prisoners, while Upton, with Alexander's brigade, struck them on the right flank, capturing 2 guns and about 300 prisoners. General Winslow's brigade followed up the advantage, pushing the rebels, now re-enforced by Armstrong's brigade, of Chalmers' division, rapidly beyond Plantersville. Detachments from the Fourth Cavalry destroyed railroad bridges from Montevallo down. Camped at Plantersville, twenty miles from Selma. April 2, marched at daylight, Long's division in advance. Approached city by Summersfield road, Upton's division on the Range Line road. Drove in pickets and closed in upon the defenses by 3 p.m. Having previously obtained detailed plans of the rebel works, made a hasty reconnaissance to ascertain the accuracy of the drawings. Directed General Long to attack on the right of the Summerfield road, whilst General Upton was to penetrate the swamps at a point regarded impassable by the enemy and attack just after dark. Before General Upton could get into position, Chalmers attached General Long's picket posted on the creek to cover his rear. Long, without waiting for the signal, with admirable judgment, immediately began the attack with two dismounted regiments from each brigade, 1,160 men in all, himself, Colonels Miller and Minty, gallantly leading their men. They charged 500 yards over an open and level field, leaping over and tearing up the stockade in front of the works, pushed through the ditch over the parapet, and swept everything before them. Armstrong's brigade, with nearly 1,500 men, defended that part of the line. General Long was severely wounded in the scalp; Colonels Miller, Seventy-second Indiana, and McCormick, Seventh Pennsylvania, through leg; Colonel Dobb, Fourth Ohio, was killed; Colonel Biggs was shot through the chest. Total loss, 46 killed, 200 wounded. As soon as an order could be got to General Upton, with his usual intrepidity he pushed his division forward, meeting but slight resistance, taking many prisoners. The rebels rallied behind the inner line of works, not yet finished. The Fourth U. S. Cavalry, Lieutenant O'Connell commanding, made a handsome charge, but could not penetrate the works. Rallied and dismounted under a withering fire of musketry; supported by the Seventeenth Indiana, Third Ohio, and Chicago Board of Trade Battery, they carried the inner line in handsome style. By this time it was quite dark, and in the confusion Generals Forrest, Adams, Buford, and Armstrong, with about half of their forces, escaped by the road toward Burnsville; Lieutenant-General Taylor had left at 3 p.m. on the cars. Two thousand seven hundred prisoners, including 150 officers, 26 field guns, and one 30-pounder Parrott in position, about 70 heavy guns, besides large quantities of military stores in the arsenal and foundry, fell into our hands and were destroyed; 25,000 bales of cotton were burned by the rebels. Remained at Selma from the 2nd to the 10th of April, waiting for Croxton and the train, resting and destroying the immense shops, arsenal, and foundries. On the 5th McCook joined with the train, but Croxton not heard from. April 6, met General Forrest at Cahawba under flag of truce. Learned that Croxton had burned Tuscaloosa and moved toward Eutaw. Pushed forward construction of pontoon bridge across the Alabama under great difficulties; broken three times by high water and drift wood, but crossed entire command

