
by daylight of the 10th. Destroyed bridges and resumed the march toward Montgomery, McCook in advance. April 12, 7 a.m., General McCook, with La Grange's brigade, reached Montgomery. Received its surrender. The rebels, having destroyed 85,000 bales of cotton, evacuated the city, and moved toward Columbus, Ga. Destroyed 5 steam-boats, several locomotives, 1 armory, and several foundries. April 14, resumed the march, Upton's division moving by the road through Mount Meigs and Tuskegee toward Columbus, Colonel La Grange, with three regiments of his brigade, along the line of the railroad by Opelika to West Point. The Second Division, Colonel Minty commanding, followed the direct road to Columbus.

April 16, late in the afternoon, Upton arrived in front of the defenses of Columbus, on the west bank of the Chattahoochee; made reconnaissances, put his troops in position, and at 8.30 p.m., with 300 dismounted men from the Third Iowa, attacked the rebel works on the Salem road; carried them in fine style, and with a part of the bridges across the river; captured 1,200 prisoners, 52 field guns in position. April 17, General Winslow destroyed the iron-clad ram Jackson, mounting six 7-inch rifles nearly ready for sea; burned the navy-yard, arsenal, foundry, armory, sword and pistol factory, accouterment shops, paper-mills, four cotton factories, all the bridges on the river, 15 locomotives, and 200 cars, beside 100,000 bales of cotton and an immense quantity of artillery ammunition. Received news of La Grange's success at West Point. On morning of the 16th he assaulted Fort Tyler on three sides, bridged its ditches, and after a stubborn defense captured the works with nearly 300 prisoners, 3 guns, and several flags; burned 19 locomotives, 200 cars, and a large quantity of supplies. Marched toward La Grange Station. April 18, moved Minty's division toward Macon; Colonel Minty's advance, with Captain Van Antwerp, of my staff, by a forced march seized the Double Bridges across Flint River, fifty-four miles from Columbus, compelled the enemy to abandon 5 field guns and 13 wagon loads of machinery, captured 40 prisoners and destroyed 2 cotton factories. April 20, at 6 p.m., Minty's advance, the Seventeenth Indiana, Colonel White commanding, having marched 104 miles since 6 p.m. of the 18th, reached Macon and received its surrender, General Cobb making no defense, and protesting that under the terms of an alleged armistice between Generals Sherman and Johnston I should withdraw my forces from the place to a point at which I was met by a flag of truce announcing the armistice. I declined without questioning the authenticity of the armistice or its applicability to my command, upon the ground that my subordinates were not authorized to act in such matters; that I had hurried to the front with all dispatch, but not in time to prevent the capture. I should therefore regard it legal and hold the garrison of 1,500 men, including Major-Generals Cobb and G. W. Smith, Brigadier-Generals Mackall, Robertson, and Mercer as prisoners of war. April 21, received telegram through General Johnston from General Sherman announcing a general armistice with a view to final peace, and directing me to cease hostilities and impressments and to contract for the supplies necessary for my command. April 23, made arrangements with General Cobb for the parole of my prisoners. April 29, General Croxton arrived at Forsyth with his command in excellent condition; had skirmish with Jackson on the 1st of April; swam Black Warrior River forty miles above Tuscaloosa; marched rapidly to Northport, opposite Tuscaloosa, attacked and carried the defenses of the bridge. At midnight of the 4th crossed into the town, dispersed

