
the Alabama Cadets, took 3 guns and 60 prisoners, and destroyed the military school and a large quantity of supplies. Marched toward Eutaw; crossed Sipsey and then turned north, marching toward Jasper. His rear guard had a slight skirmish with Wirt Adams' division near Bridgeville, but sustaining no damages except the loss of a few prisoners and two ambulances. He pursued his march leisurely and crossed the Mulberry Fort of Black Warrior at Hanby's Mills. Hearing from Roddey's fugitives that the corps had captured Selma and marched on toward Montgomery, he pushed through Northern Alabama to Talladega, dispersed Brigadier-General Hill's force of conscripts and deserters, capturing one gun, destroyed the Blue Mountain Iron Works, the last in the State, and continued his march via Carrollton, Newman, and Forsyth to this place. The skill, sagacity, and good management displayed by General Croxton in this long and arduous march entitles him to great credit. I have recommended him for the brevet of major-general. I have also recommended Generals Upton, Long, Winslow, and Alexander, and Colonels Minty, Miller, and La Grange for the full commission appropriate to their commands. General McCook for brevet of major-general. It is but simple justice to these officers to say that they cannot be excelled for personal gallantry, discipline, zeal, and ability. Their promotions would reflect credit upon the service and fittingly reward them for their admirable devotion to duty and the cause of the country. I shall render a complete report of operations as soon as sub-reports can be made out, in which I shall take occasion to recommend many subordinate officers for brevet promotions.

Requesting the favorable indorsement of the major-general commanding, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Cumberland.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., June 29, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff,

Headquarters Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a detailed report of operations of the Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, from the 1st of March, 1865, to the present time, with the reports of Bvt. Major General E. Upton, Brigadier-Generals McCook and Long, commanding divisions; Brigadier-General Croxton, Brevet Brigadier-Generals Winslow and Alexander, and Colonels Minty, Miller, and La Grange, commanding brigades. Also the report of Major Hubbard, commanding pontoon train, and Major C. L. Greeno, provost-marshal. If not inconsistent with the customs of service and the views of the War Department, I have the honor to request that the reports of division and brigade commanders may be published in the Army and Navy Journal or Official Gazette.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

23 R R-VOL XLVX, PT I

