
and rapidity. These officers, comprehending the situation, pressed forward with admirable zeal and activity upon the road which have been previously indicated. The advance of both divisions encountered small parties of the enemy, but drove them back to their main force at Ebenezer Churc, six miles north of Plantersville. Forrest had chosen a position on the north bank of Bogler's Creek and disposed of his force for battle, his right resting on Mulberry Creek and his left on a high, wooded ridge, with four pieces of artillery to sweep the Randolph road, upon which Long's division was advancing, and two on Maplesville road. He had under his command in line Armstrong's brigade, of Chalmers' division, Roddey's division, Crossland's (Kentucky) brigade, and a battalion of 300 infantry just arrived from Selma-in all, about 5,000 men. Part of his front was covered by a slashing of pine trees and rail barricades. As soon as General Long discovered the enemy in strength close upon the main body, he re-enforced his advance guard (a battalion of the Seventy-second Indiana (mounted) Infantry) by the balance of the regiment (dismounted) and formed it on the left of the road. Pushing it forward, the enemy was broken and driven back. At this juncture he ordered forward four companies of the Seventeenth Indiana (mounted) Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel Frank White commanding. With drawn sabers this gallant battalion drove the enemy in confusion into the main line, dashed against that, broke through it, rode over the rebel guns, crushing the wheel of one piece, and finally turned to the left and cut its way out, leaving 1 officer and 16 men in the enemy's hands either killed or wounded. In this charge Captain Taylor, Seventeenth Indiana, lost his life, after having led his men into the very midst of the enemy and engaged in a running fight of 200 yards with Forrest in person. General Alexander's brigade had the advance of Upton's division, and when within three miles of Ebenezer Church heard the firing and cheers of Long's men on the right, pushed forward at the trot and soon came upon the enemy. General Alexander hastily deployed his brigade mostly on the right of the road with the intention of connecting with Long's left, and as soon as everything was in readiness pushed forward his line dismounted. In less than an hour, although the resistance was determined, the position was carried by a gallant charge and the rebels completely routed. Alexander's brigade captured 2 guns and about 200 prisoners, while 1 gun fell into the hands of General Long's division. Winslow's brigade immediately passed to the front and took up the pursuit, but could not again bring the rebels to a stand. The whole corps bivouacked at sundown about Plantersville, nineteen miles from Selma. With almost constant fighting the enemy had been driven since morning twenty-four miles.

At daylight of the 2nd Long's division took the advance, closely followed by Upton's. Having obtained a well-drawn sketch and complete description of the defenses of Selma, I directed General Long, marching by the flanks of brigades, to approach the city and cross to the Summerfield road without exposing his men, and to develop his line as soon as he should arrive in front of the works. General Upton was directed to move on the Range Line road, sending a squadron on the Burnsville road. Lieutenant Rendlebrock, with a battalion of the Fourth U. S. Cavalry, was instructed to move down the railroad, burning stations, bridges, and trestle-works as far as Burnsville. By rapid marching without opposition the troops were all in sight of town and mostly in position by 4 p.m. As I approached the city I perceived that my information was generally correct. I therefore made a reconnaissance

