
barefooted, but our men in three detachments are hinting for them and with good prospect of finding them as the snow is fresh on the ground.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military District of Kentucky, Lexington, Ky.

Numbers 2. Reports of Major Thomas Mahoney, Thirtieth Kentucky Infantry.

LEBANON, KY., February 8, 1865.

Guerrillas going toward Hustonville. We fought them as far as Bradfordsville; they have some forty-five men; we had thirty-five.

They fought desperately; charged us at Bradfordsville. Most of my force was the invalid corps; could not master horses and load their long long guns.. I expect some of my men to-night, when I will they and head them off. Send me word learn their course.

MAHONEY,

Major.

Brigadier-General HOBSON.
HEADQUARTERS U. S FORCES,Lebanon, Ky., February 16, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following statement, with the accompanying document,* for your consideration:

On the 8th of this month the guerrillas passed around this place, killing seven men of my regiment at or near New Market, burning several wagons and killing the mules. Having no mounted men here I pressed some horses in order to send after guerrillas and save the other part of the train, which was some distance ahead of that part they captured. My men caught up with them some place near New Market, fought them across the country toward Bradfordsville road, and then to Bradfordsville, where guerrillas made a stand. My men dismounted; guerrillas charged, and ind excitement some of Captain Horton's men let their horses get away, which ran to the guerrillas. Captain Horton then drew off his men without consulting Captain Searcy, who had but twelve men with him. Thus the chase was given up. Captain Bridgeport water captured E. G. Chandler's hourse, which he got back, but los his saddle ad bridge.

Your servant,

T. MAHONEY,

Major Thirtieth Kentucky.

Captain BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

---------------

*Omitted as unimportant.

---------------

