
out the city. Twelve hundred prisoners, 52 field guns in position for use against us, large quantities of arms and stores fell into our hands. Our loss was only 24 killed and wounded. Colonel C. A. L. Lamar, of General Cobb's staff, formerly owner of the Wanderer, slave trader, was killed. The splendid gallantry and steadiness of General Upton, Brevet Brigadier-General Winslow, and all the officers and men engaged in this night attack is worthy of the highest commendation. The rebel force was over 3,000 men. They could not believe they had been dislodged from their strong fortifications by an attack of 300 men. When it is remembered that this operation gave to us the city of Columbus, the key to Georgia, 400 miles from our starting point, and that it was conducted by cavalry, without any inspiration from the great events which had transpired in Virginia, it will not be considered insignificant, although shorn of its importance. General Winslow was assigned to the command of the city. His report will give interesting details in regard to the stores, railroad transportation, gun-boats, armories, arsenals, and workshops destroyed.

After much sharp skirmishing and hard marching, which resulted in the capture of fourteen wagons and a number of prisoners, La Grange's advance reached the vicinity of West Point at 10 a.m. April 16. With Beck's Eighteenth Indiana Battery, the Second and Fourth Indiana Cavalry, the enemy were kept occupied till the arrival of the balance of the brigade. Having thoroughly reconnoitered the ground, detachments of First Wisconsin, Second Indiana, and Seventh Kentucky Cavalry dismounted and prepared to assault Fort Tyler, covering the bridge. Colonel La Grange described it as a remarkably strong bastioned earth-work, thirty-five yards square, surrounded by a ditch twelve feet wide and ten feet deep, situated on a commanding eminence, protected by an imperfect abatis, and mounting two 32-pounders and two field guns. At 1.30 p.m. the charge was sounded and the brave detachments on the three sides of the works rushed forward to the assault, drove the rebel skirmishers into the fort, and followed under a withering fire of musketry and grape to the edge of the ditch. This was found impassable, but without falling back Colonel La Grange posted sharpshooters to keep down the enemy, and organized parties to gather materials for bridges. As soon as this had been done he sounded the charge again. The detachments sprang forward again, laid the bridges, and rushed forward over the parapet into the work, capturing the entire garrison, in all 265 men. General Tyler, its commanding officer, with 18 men and officers, were killed and 28 severely wounded. Three guns and 500 stand of small-arms fell into our hands. Our loss was 7 killed and 29 wounded. Simultaneously with the advance upon the fort the Fourth Indiana dashed through the town, secured both bridges over the Chattahoochee, scattered a superior force of cavalry which had just arrived, and burned five engines and trains. Colonel La Grange highly commands the accuracy and steadiness of Captain Beck in the use of his artillery. I cannot speak too warmly of the intrepidity, good management, and soldierly ability displayed by Colonel La Grange in this affair, nor too strongly recommend the steadiness, dash, and courage of his officers and men. Captain Roswell S. Hill, commanding the Second Indiana, dangerously wounded in the assault and previously wounded at Scottsborough, and Lieutenant-Colonel Harnden, commanding the First Wisconsin, slightly wounded, were noticeably conspicuous, and I trust will receive the promotions for which they have been recommended. Colonel La Grange destroyed at this place 2 bridges, 19 locomotives, and 245 cars loaded with quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance stores. Before leaving he established

