
became simply a question of time. Fully appreciating the damage already done, I had determined to make a thorough destruction, not only of them but of everything else beneficial to the rebels which might be encountered on the march to North Carolina and Virginia. It will be remembered that my corps began the march from the Tennessee River with something more than 12,000 mounted men and 1,500 dismounted men. When it arrived here every man was well mounted and the command supplied with all the surplus animals that could be desired. I have already called attention in a previous communication to the good merits of Brevet Major-General Upton and Brigadier-General Long, commanding divisions, and Brigadier-General Croxton, Brevet Brigadier-Generals Winslow and Alexander, and Colonels Minty, Miller, and La Grange, commanding brigades. I have seen these officers tested in every conceivable way, and regard them worthy of the highest honor their country can bestow. For many interesting details and special mention of subordinate officers, I respectfully refer to the reports herewith submitted. The accompanying maps and plans were prepared under the direction of Lieutenant Heywood, of my staff, and will materially assist in understanding the foregoing narrative of the campaign.*

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General,

Headquarters Department of the Cumberland.

DAVENPORT, IOWA, January 17, 1867.

GENERAL: As a matter of historical interest and in justice to my late command, the Cavalry Corps of the Military Division of the Mississippi, I have the honor to submit the following report of the pursuit and capture of Jefferson Davis, and to request that the same may be made a part of the official records of the War Department. This report is prepared from the original information in my possession, together with the official reports of the officers serving under me in the closing campaign through Alabama and Georgia.

It will be remembered that after the capture of Selma and the passage of my command to the sough side of the Alabama, its march was directed to the eastward by the way of Montgomery, Columbus, and West Point, to Macon. On the evening of the 11th day of April, 1865, one of my officers brought in copies of the Montgomery papers of the 6th and 7th, containing the first news which had reached me of the operations of General Grant about Petersburg, and from which, making allowance for rebel coloring, I supposed he had gained a decisive victory. It was stated that Davis and the rebel Government had already gone to Danville, but that their cause was not yet lost. On the 14th and 15th information was received confirmatory of Lee's defeat and the evacuation of Richmond; it was also reported that Grant was pressing the rebel army back upon Lynchburg. From these facts, together with the many rumors from all quarters indicative of unusual excitement among the rebels, I became convinced that they had met with a great disaster in Virginia, but, as a matter of course, I could obtain no definite

---------------

*See Plate LXXII, Maps 4-6, and Plate LXXIV, Maps 3-5, of the Atlas.

---------------

