
of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry. These facts should have been fully developed before this time, but owing to the disbandment of my command, it was impossible till quite recently to obtain the reports of subordinate officers. Colonel Pritchard made his report, by my orders, directly to the Secretary of War, but omitted till last mouth to send me a copy. Colonel Harnden's report, indorsed by Colonel La Grange and General Croxton, together with that of General Minty's, were submitted in due time and forwarded to the Adjutant-General's Office. I forward herewith the reports of Generals Alexander and Winslow.

In my correspondence with the War Department just after the capture I recommended, probably without due consideration, that the reward of $100,000 offered by the President for the capture of Davis (or that part of it remaining after the families of the men killed in the pursuit had been amply provided for) should be divided according to the law of prize among the actual captors, and that Colonel Harnden and his men should receive medals of honor specially commemorating the part they had taken in the pursuit. This recommendation has not been carried into effect, but the commission, of which General Townsend was president, disallow the claims of Colonel Harnden, and recommend that the members of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry, scouting and picketing the Ocmulgee River over thirty miles north of Irwinville, as well as "the actual captors," shall be included in the distribution of the reward, on the ground that they were performing service of a "most important precautionary character." With just as much reason every other man of the entire cavalry force then on duty in Georgia should also be included in the distribution, as they were performing service of "a most important precautionary character incidental to the immediate purpose of the expedition, and such as could not, without an imputation of neglect of duty, have been omitted to be provided for." Colonel Harnden and his detachment, who were actually within gun sound of the capture, certainly deserve more consideration int his case than any one who remained behind, no matter what duty he was engaged in. I am therefore compelled, in equity and justice, to respectfully recommend, in the further consideration of this matter by the proper authorities, that the strict law of prize be observed. Under this law it seems to me that Colonel Harnden and Lieutenant Yeoman should receive share and share alike with the officers who were actually present at the capture; and I venture to hope that the men who accompanied Colonel Harnden to the vicinity of Irwinville may at least receive the medals of honor heretofore recommended. In making this recommendation I am not unmindful of the services performed by the balance of the corps, and desire to make special mention of Bvt. Major General Emory Upton, Brigadier-General Croxton, Brevet Brigadier-Generals Winslow, Alexander, and Minty, and Colonels Eggleston and Howland. These officers and their commands performed the various duties assigned them with cheerfulness, intelligence, and zeal, and are entitled to the highest commendation. I transmit herewith a map showing the railroads, rivers, and important points mentioned in this report, and from which the movements and dispositions of the troops under my command may be fully understood.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Lieutenant Colonel Thirty-fifth Infantry, Bvt. Major General, U. S. Army,

Late Major-General of Vols., Commanding Cavalry Corps, M. C. M.

Bvt. Major General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

---------------

*Map not found.

---------------

