
any considerable escort, I moved on the 9th to Atlanta, and, after consultation with Colonel Eggleston, and General A. J. Alexander, decided to let the latter take 200 men of his brigade (the Second) and move up to hold the mountain passes on the line of the Western and Atlantic Railroad as far as Allatoona or Kingston. I now communicated again to the major-general commanding corps my positive belief that Mr. Davis had not come west of the Ocmulgee north of Macon, and my further belief that he would endeavor to escape by going south on the east of that stream (using as heretofore the telegraph mainly). I found that Colonel Eggleston had sent a force of the First Ohio Cavalry southwest to Alabama, acting in obedience to orders from his superiors, and at once directed him to recall the same. I also communicated to Major-General Upton the information I had, as well as my past and contemplated future action, receiving in return his full approval of all. The entire country for several days' march from Atlanta was utterly destitute of food for man or horse, therefore, rations for both must be taken for every movement. Before reaching Atlanta I had rations prepared in that place for any movement likely to take place, and if there had been any real necessity I could have started with, say, 1,000 well-mounted men in any direction at very short notice. The news of the capture of the great rebel soon reached us, and the entire force was early thereafter reassembled at and near Atlanta. This, general, in brief, constitutes the account of the part taken by the Fourth Division in this effort, and, though no apparent success attended the movements, perhaps they were conducive to that of the entire credit of the operation shall rest with the expeditions from Macon eastward, and really think, as a commanding officer, I am more entitled to praise for withholding my force from dispersion and for keeping it in hand than for all that was done toward the capture.

Regretting that I have not at hand more perfect information, yet trusting this story is long enough, I am, your obedient servant,

E. F. WINSLOW,

Late Brevet Brigadier-General.

Major General JAMES H. WILSON.

[Inclosure No. 2.] FORT UNION, N. MEX., November 8, 1866.

GENERAL: In compliance with your request of October 14, which has just reached me, I have the honor to make the following statement in regard to the capture of Jeff. Davis:

Shortly after the armistice between Generals Sherman and Johnston I was ordered to send one regiment of my brigade to Atlanta, rapidly, to apprehend Davis, who was reported moving in that direction with an escort of cavalry. I accordingly sent the First Ohio Cavalry, Colonel B. B. Eggleston commanding. A few days after I was ordered to move to the same point with the remainder of my brigade. Previous to this movement I obtained permission from the major-general commanding the corps to send an officer and twenty men, disguised in rebel clothing, to meet Davis, watch, and if possible capture him. This delicate operation I intrusted to Lieutenant Joseph A. O. Yeoman, a dashing young officer of the First Ohio Cavalry, of great intelligence and coolness, and who was at that time acting as inspector-general for my brigade. Lieutenant Yeoman moved rapidly to Northeastern Georgia, where he met and joned Davis' escort, consisting of Dibrell's division of cavalry, He marched with them two or three days, but could not get an opportunity

