
of seizing on the person of Davis on account of the close watch on every one who approached his person. At Washington, Ga. (I think), the force under Dibrell heard that Atlanta was occupied by our troops, and that they could not pass that point without a fight, accordingly disbanded during the night, and sought their homes in small parties. Lieutenant Yeoman scattered his men among the various bands to try and get some trace of Davis, but for twenty-four hours was unsuccessful. He finally found he had abandoned the idea of going into Alabama, and was making south to leave the country. Lieutenant Yeoman kept the command at Atlanta advised of all his movements, and the commanding officer advised the major-general commanding the corps by telegraph. When the information came to Atlanta that the command of Dibrell had scattered, and that Davis was trying to escape in disguise, I took 500 picked men and horses of my command, crossed the right bank of the Chattahoochee, occupied all the fords below the railroad, the passes in the Allatoona Mountains, and the main crossings of the Etowah River. I also patrolled the main roads day and night, arresting every one passing, until I heard Davis had been arrested by a regiment sent out by the major-general commanding the corps. I trust Lieutenant Yeoman will receive some recognition of his services, as he was the only officer who really risked his life; and I believe the information furnished by him caused the major-general commanding to send out the party that made the arrest.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Captain and Bvt. Colonel, U. S. Army, late Bvt. Brigadier General of Vols.,

Commanding 2nd Brigadier, 4th Div., Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Miss.

Major General JAMES H. WILSON,

U. S. Army.

ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi.*

March 1 to 22.-The Cavalry Corps remained near Gravelly Springs, Waterloo, and Chickasaw, on the Tennessee River, while every exertion was being made to put the troops in the best possible condition for the expected campaign. The forage received was of bad quality, and it required the utmost attention to keep the horses in serviceable condition. The crossing of the Tennessee River was delayed on account of the high water.

March 19.-The corps was ready to move in the morning, but the non-arrival of forage delayed the movement.

March 22.-In the morning the First, Second, and Fourth Divisions, commanded, respectively, by Brigadier-Generals McCook and Long, and Brevet Major-General Upton, left camp near Chickasaw and marched via Russellville, Thorn Hill, Jasper, crossed the two dangerous forks of the Black Warrior River (the Locust and Mulberry), and arrived at Elyton on March 29 and 30. The wagon train was left with 1,200 or 1,400 dismounted men to make its way slowly after the main column.

March 30.-General Croxton's brigade, of McCook's division, was ordered to proceed to Tuscaloosa and destroy the public buildings and rebel stores at that place, and rejoin the command by way of Centerville at Selma.

March 31.-Long's division, with La Grange's brigade, of McCook's division, crossed the Cahawba at Hillsborough on the railroad bridge and arrived at Montevallo. Upton, in advance, reached Montevallo the evening before, destroyed Red Mountain Iron-Works, Cahawba Valley

---------------

*From returns of the commands indicated.

---------------

