
Mills, Bibb Iron-Works, Columbiana Works, and much valuable property. At 1 p.m. the enemy made his appearance at Montevallo. Upton moved out, attacked, driving him back in great confusion, taking nearly 100 prisoners from Roddey's command and Crosland's (Lyon's old) (Kentucky) brigade. The command encamped ten miles south of Montevallo on the Selma road.

The Fifth Division, Brigadier-General Hatch commanding, was left at Eastporth, on the Tennessee River. The Sixth Division, Brigadier General R. W. Johnson commanding, headquarters at Pulaski. The Third Division, Brigadier-General Kilpatrick, with General Sherman.

April 1.-The First, Second, and Fourth Divisions of Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, operating in Alabama, moved at daylight; met the rebels again at Randolph, drove them, captured courier with dispatches from Colonel Anderson, of Forrest's division (rebel) had crossed at Scottsville, on the Tuscaloosa and Centerville road, the night before, and that Croxton's brigade, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, had reached Trion. Chalmers (rebel) division at Marion, Ala., but ordered to cross Cahawba River and place himself between the U. S. forces and Selma. General McCook was ordered to take La Grange's brigade, to march rapidly, seize Centerville bridge, push on, join Croxton if possible, break up Jackson's (rebel) force, and rejoin the corps via Centerville.

The Second and Fourth Divisions pursued the rebels under Forrest in person; found them in position at Ebenzer Station, five miles from Plantersville, on Selma road. Long attacked the enemy in front, while Upton, with Brevet Brigadier-General Alexander's brigade, struck them on the right flank, broke the rebels up, captured 3 guns and 300 prisoners; guns and prisoners captured by both divisions. Detachment of the Fourth U. S. Cavalry destroyed railroad bridges, &amp;c., from Mountevallo down; encamped at Plantersville.

April 2.-Marched to and captured Selma, 2,700 prisoners, including 150 officers, 26 field guns, one 30-pounder Parrott in position, large quantities of military stores, arsenal, foundries, &c. Remained at Selma until the 9th waiting for Croxton's brigade. McCook did not succeed in joining him and rejoined the corps pursuant to orders. Train arrived safely.

April 10.-Resumed the march, having crossed the Alabama River with great difficulty. The pontoon bridge broke three times; river high and current rapid.

April 12.-McCook with La Grange entered Montgomery. Rebels retired without fighting. Destroyed 85,000 bales of cotton at Montgomery.

April 14.-Resumed march via Tuskegee to Columbus. La Grange moved toward West Point, Upton toward Columbus, and Long also.

April 16.-Upton arrived at, assaulted, and captured Columbus, 1,200 prisoners, 52 field guns in position, destroyed military stores, iron-clad ram Jackson, arsenal, navy-yard, foundry, paper-mills, 15 locomotives, 200 cars, 100,000 bales of cotton [and an] immense amount of artillery ammunition. La Grange assaulted fort at West Point same day; captured 3 guns, 300 prisoners, burned 19 locomotives, 200 cars, and large quantities of supplies.

April 18.-Marched toward Macon.

April 20.-Arrived at Macon and received surrender of the city. Received information of the armistice between Generals Sherman and Johnston.

