
April 29.-General Croxton arrived at Forsyth, Ga.; had captured Tuscaloosa, and rejoined the corps via Jasper, Ala., Bridgeville, Talladega, Carrollton, and Newman. Met and dispersed several large bodies of the enemy.

Remained in Macon and vicinity until the close of the month.

[May -.]-Headquarters Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, at Macon, Ga.

May 4.-Brevet Major-General Upton's (Fourth) division was ordered to Atlanta to preserve order and carry out the terms of the convention, to make a disposition of the troops so as to cover the country from Forsyth, Ga., to Marietta, to prevent the escape of Jefferson Davis. Brigadier-General McCook was ordered with 500 men to Tallahassee, Fla., to receive the surrender of the rebels in that State, and to intercept Jefferson Davis should he attempt to escape that way.

General Croxton, commanding First Division, in absence of General McCook, was ordered to picket the line of the Ocmulgee as far south as Macon, the Second Division to picket the Ocmulgee from Macon to below Hawkinsville.

The corps was compelled to subsist upon stores captured from the enemy and what could be purchased from the inhabitants. A considerable number of the horses died.

May 10.-Jefferson Davis was captured by the joint efforts, of the Fourth Michigan and First Wisconsin Cavalry at Irwinville, Irwin County.

During the month every effort was made by the division and detachment commanders to alleviate the sufferings of the poor in Georgia. Portions of the Cavalry Corps were ordered to Chattanooga during the month, pursuant to orders from headquarters department of the Cumberland.

First Division.

March 11.-The command broke camp at Waterloo and crossed the Tennessee River to Chickasaw, Ala., remaining in camp near that place until March 22, when it marched to Buzzard Roost, fourteen miles.

March 23.-Moved in rear of pontoon train over bad roads in the direction of Frankfort; marched ten miles.

March 24.-Marched via Frankfort and Russellville on Tuscaloosa road.

March 25.-Marched on Tuscaloosa road twenty-six miles, crossing Bear Creek and Buttahatchie River.

March 26.-Moved on Fayetteville and Byler's road twenty miles; encamped near Eldridge.

March 27.-Marched via Jasper to Saunders' Ford, on Mulberry Fort of Black Warrior River (twenty-nine miles), and encamped.

March 28.-Crossed the river and marched fifteen miles to Locust Fork of Black Warrior.

March 29.-Crossed and marched eighteen miles to Hawkins', two miles from Elyton.

March 30.-Moved eight miles on Montevallo road and encamped with Second Brigade and battery. The First Brigade was sent put in direction of Tuscaloosa in obedience to order from corps commander.

March 31.-Marched thirty miles and crossed Cahawba River on railroad bridge. Passed through Montevallo and encamped four miles from that place.

25 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

