
April 1.-Marched with Second Brigade from Montevallo, Ala, via Randolph, to Centerville. Crossed Cahawba River to Scottsville to support First Brigade, skirmishing at the latter place.

April 2.-Learned that First Brigade is moving on Tuscaloosa. Reconnoitered and found the enemy in force between the two. Returned by way of Centerville toward Selma.

April 3.-Encamped near Plantersville.

April 4.-Returned to vicinity of Randolph. Met the train and escorted it to Selma, arriving on the 6th.

April 9.-Crossed Alabama River.

April 10.-Marched on Montgomery, skirmishing nearly all the way.

April 12.-Arrived at Montgomery, which city surrendered to this command.

April 14.-Left Montgomery; headquarters with detachment marched to Columbus. The Second Brigade marched from Montgomery to West Point, skirmishing much of the way.

April 16.-Captured West Point with all its military stores and rolling-stock of railroad. Carried Fort Taylor [Tyler] by assault. Columbus occupied during the night.

April 17.-Marched from both places to unite the command and move on Macon.

April 21.-Reached Macon about the [sic] time with Second Division, and occupied the place, remaining in camp until the end of the month.

April 30.-The First Brigade rejoined the command at Macon, having marched upward of 600 miles, capturing Tuscaloosa, Ala., with large number of prisoners and artillery and valuable military stores.

First Brigade, First Division.

April 1.-Marched to Johnson's Ferry, on Black Warrior River, thirty miles.

April 2.-Crossed the river; marched twelve miles.

April 3.-Marched to Tuscaloosa, thirty-five miles; surprised and captured the enemy's pickets at the bridge; entered the city, capturing three cannon and a large number of prisoners.

April 4.-In line of battle around the city.

April 5.-Recrossed the river, burning several Government buildings and bridges; marched thirty-four miles; crossed Sipsey Creek.

April 6.-Marched to Bridgeville; recrossed Sipsey Creek and met General Wirt Adams' division; started back toward Tuscaloosa; Sixth Kentucky in rear was pressed; Second Michigan sent to relieve Sixth Kentucky; enemy repulsed; marched forty miles.

April 7.-Marched to Northport, twenty miles.

April 8.-Marched to Prewitt's plantation, fifteen miles north.

April 9 and 10.-In camp.

April 11.-Marched to Windham's Springs, twenty miles.

April 12.-Marched twenty-five miles.

April 13.-Marched fifteen miles; crossed Wolf Creek.

April 14.-Marched twenty-seven miles; crossed Lost Creek and Blackwater River.

April 15.-Marched eighteen miles to Lindsey's Ferry.

April 16.-Crossed Sipsey River.

April 17.-Marched ten miles.

April 18.-Marched sixteen miles; crossed Mulberry River.

April 19.-Crossed Black Warrior River; marched sixteen miles to Jones' Valley.

