
March 31.-Arrived at Montevallo, having crossed Buzzard Roost Mountains, forded the deep and rapid streams (Blak and Little Warrior), and crossed the Cahawba on a narrow railroad bridge. Our progress was slow, being much delayed by pontoon train, which was placed in charge of Second Division, and the heavy road over which we traveled. Had no fighting during the month; 24 prisoners captured and 7 deserters received. Distance marched during month, 204 miles.

April 1.-Encamped near Montevallo. The Second Brigade cut off from balance of division by the First Division; First Brigade and division headquarters moved at daylight on the main road to Selma. Near Randolph struck the enemy's skirmishers and drove them steadily until Ebenezer Church was reached, six miles north of Plantersville. The enemy, 3,000 strong, with four pieces of artillery, attempted a stand. After heavy skirmishing a saber charge was made by four companies of the Seventeenth Indiana, who cut their way through the first line, sobering many, but were met by a heavy fire of artillery and musketry from a much stronger line,and forced to turn to the left, cutting their way out. Captain Taylor and sixteen men charged through and in rear of the enemy's lines, and continued fighting until all were killed or wounded. The rebels, fearing another attack, commenced falling back, and the Fourth Division striking them on the left at this moment, they retreated in confusion, leaving three pieces of artillery and a large number of prisoners in our hands, and losing heavily in killed and wounded. A large amount of sacked corn, which had just been shipped up from Selma, was also captured. General Forrest, who was present in the action, was wounded by a saber cut in the arm.

Our loss was twenty-nine killed, wounded, and missing. Encamped at Plantersville, meeting with no further opposition.

April 2.-Joined by Second Brigade, which had marched forty-six miles the day previous, command moved toward Selma, Second Brigade in advance. No opposition of importance met with until we arrived in front of their works on the Summerfield road about 3 p.m. Inside of the fortification, which consisted of a complete line of earth-works 8 to 12 feet high, 15 feet thick at base, with a ditch in front 4 feet wide and 5 feet deep, partly filled with water, and in front a stockade or picket of heavy posts driven firmly in the ground and sharpened at the ends. Four heavy forts with artillery in position also commenced the intervening ground, which was rough and marshy. The works were manned by 7,000 men under command of Lieutenant-General Forest. Our division was immediately dismounted and formed on both sides of the road, a part, however, being ordered to the rear to repel an attack which the enemy were making upon our pack stock and led horses, which was handsomely repulsed.

At 5 p.m. the order to advance was given. The enemy opened heavily upon them with artillery and musketry, at times enfilading our whole line. They plied their Spencers rapidly, and marched steadily forward until within 150 yards of the works, when the command to charge was given, and both brigades started with a cheer for the works on a run, sweeping forward in solid line over fences, ravines, scaling the stockade, and on the works with resistless force, the enemy fighting stubbornly and clubbing their guns, but forced to retreat in the greatest disorder, our men continuing the pursuit, capturing many prisoners. In less than twenty-five minutes from the time the command was given to advance the works were ours. No less than twenty pieces of artillery in position (including one 30-pounder Parrott) were captured in our immediate front. Large numbers of small-arms were destroyed,

