
and many prisoners were taken and ordered to the rear, and were afterward picket up our own and other commands.

General Long was wounded in the head while in the charge and carried off the field. Colonel A. O. Miller, Seventy-second Indiana, commanding First Brigade; Colonel C. C. McCormick, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry; Lieutenant Colonel J. Biggs, commanding One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Volunteers, were badly wounded, and Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Dobb, commanding Fourth Ohio Cavalry, was mortally wounded and died on the field.

Our entire loss was 313 killed and wounded and 6 missing. Out entire force in the charge was 1,550 officers and men. The Chicago Board of Trade Battery was in rear of the line on a hill, and contributed greatly tot he demoralization of the enemy. Immense arsenals, cannon foundry, and valuable stores fell into our hands, the enemy having no time to destroy anything but a considerable quantity of cotton.

The officers and men acted nobly, and by their heroic exertions the best Confederate army in the west under General Forrest was defeated, and the Confederacy deprived of their most valuable depot of ammunition in the country.

The command remained at Selma until the 8th, engaged in scouting the country to Cahawba and elsewhere, and assisting in destroying the public works. The wagon and pontoon train arrived in safety, having been attacked by a force of rebels, who were gallantry repulsed.

April 8 and 9.-Command crossed the Alabama River on pontoons and marched in rear of First and Fourth Divisions to Montgomery, reaching there on the 13th.

April 14 to 17.-Marched to Columbus in rear of Fourth Division and encamped on Macon road four miles east of Columbus. On the night of the 17th the Fourth Michigan and Third Ohio Cavaly were ordered to make a force march to Flint River and save the bridges over that stream; this was successfully done, marching all night (forty-five miles), capturing 3 pieces of artillery and 50 prisoners, and saving the important bridges, without the loss of a man. The command marched all night of the 17th and all day of the 18th, making a continuous march of fifty-two miles.

April 19.-Being the advance division, destroyed several large cotton mills near Thomaston, and captured a locomotive and train of cars, also a quantity of stores. One regiment was engaged in tearing up the railroad and destroying a large number of bridges and culverts. Continued with heavy marching and without opposition until the 20th, when within twenty miles of Macon a force of rebel cavalry, 400 strong, was encountered; they were driven by a series of brilliant charges from behind every barricade they took refuge by the Seventeenth Indiana (which regiment was in advance) and completely routed, throwing away their guns and ammunition. A number were taken prisoners and large quantities of arms were picked up. Nine miles from Macon a flag of truce was met, announcing that an armistice had been agreed upon between Generals Sherman and Johnston. No attention was paid to it, fearing it might be a ruse, and the flag was given just five minutes to get out of the way, when our checking rein until they dashed past and over the works into the city of Macon, which was immediately surrendered by General Cobb, together with all the troops and munitions of war.

The fruits of the capture were 350 commissioned officers (including Major-Generals Cobb and Smith and Brigadier-Generals Robertson,

