
Upon the morning of the 9th the Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry and Third Ohio Cavalry moved down the Ocmulgee with similar orders to those received by the Fourth Michigan. The latter regiment on the afternoon of the 9th struck the trail of the traitor near Abbeville, and pursuing him vigorously captured him with a part of his family and several officers of his staff at Irwinville, Irwin County, Ga., before daylight on the morning of the 10th. The regiment the returned to Macon. The Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry and Third Ohio Cavalry remained for a few days in the neighborhood of Irwinville watching for other fugitives, when they were also ordered to return to Macon.

May 23.-The Fourth Michigan and Fourth Ohio being about to be mustered out marched from Macon toward Chattanooga, leaving the veteran regiments (the Seventh Pennsylvania and Third Ohio) at the former place.

May 31.-In the evening the two regiments had arrived at Ringgold, Ga.

Fourth Division.*

March 21.-This command left camp at Chickasaw, Ala., and has been marching until the present time; distance, 206 miles.

March 31.-On this day skirmished with the enemy, losing three men wounded.

During the month [April] this command marched 286 miles.

April 1.-In engagement at Plantersville and Ebenezer Church.

April 2.-In engagement at Selma, Ala.

April 16.-In engagement at Columbus, Ga.

First Brigade, Fourth Division.

During the month of April this command marched from Six-Mile Creek, twelve miles south of Montevallo, Ala., to this point (Macon, Ga.), a distance of 389 miles.

April 1.-Took part in the battle of Ebenezer Churc, where Forrest was routed with considerable loss.

April 2.-At Selma the enemy, 6,000 strong, under Forrest, Roddey, Adams, and Armstrong, was met posted behind works of considerable strength, mounting twenty-nine guns. At 6 p.m. this brigade assaulted the right of the enemy's line. At the same moment the Second Division made a similar movement on the enemy's left. The works were carried and the town gained after a brief struggle. Two thousand five hundred prisoners, 3 table-flags, and 9 guns were captured by this command. The vast arsenal, naval foundry, and machine-shops of the place were destroyed.

April 3, p.m.-The command moved via Summerfield to Fike's Ferry, on Cahawba River, and returned to Selma on the 8th.

April 10.-Marched for Montgomery, Ala., where it arrived on the 12th. City surrendered without a fight.

April 16.-Reached Columbus, Ga., in the evening. The rebel forces under Howell Cobb and Buford occupied strong works on the west side of Chattahoochee River. This brigade assaulted the works at 8 p.m., and gained possession of the city in two hours, having secured the bridge across the river by a hand-to-hand conflict, many of our men crossing over with fleeing rebels. One thousand five hundred prisoners, 8

---------------

*For the Third Division, see Vol. XLVII, Part I, pp.145-148.

---------------

