
battle-flags, and 22 guns were taken by this brigade. Considering the immense gain, our loss was trifling-5 killed and 30 wounded. The Government arsenals, foundries, mills, and manufactories of quartermaster's goods, with their stores of immense value, were entirely destroyed. Included in the destruction was the new and very formidable gun-boat Jackson, with an armament of six 7-inch rifled guns.

April 21.-Reached Macon. Was met by a flag of truce announcing armistice between Generals Sherman and Johnston.

The entire loss of the brigade on campaign is 8 killed, 65 wounded, and 9 missing. During this march the command subsisted on the country. No long forage for the animals was obtained. Average march, twenty-five miles per day. Health of the command good.

May 5.-The command moved from Macon, Ga., and marched to this point [Atlanta, Ga.], arriving on the 9th; distance, 103 miles. Been in camp since.

Second Brigade, Fourth Division.

May 22 to 26.-Changed station from Atlanta, Ga., to Chattanooga, Tenn.

Fifth Division.

[March].-With the exception of an occasional scouting party sent out for the purpose of obtaining information, the command has been inactive.

May 12.-The First Brigade of this division, in obedience to telegraphic instructions from Major-General Thomas, U. S. Army, proceeded to Saint Louis, Mo.

May 22.-The regiments of the Second Brigade were separated and proceeded to occupy and garrison Tuscumbia, Ala.; Purdy, Tenn.; Eastport, Iuka, Corinth, Okolona, and Aberdeen, Miss.

Sixth Division.

[March].-During the past month the Fifth Indiana Cavalry, Eighth Michigan Cavalry, and Sixteenth Illinois Cavalry have been stationed at Pulaski, Tenn., engaged in patrolling the country and scouting for bushwhackers. The Third Tennessee Cavalry, dismounted, has likewise been stationed at Pulaski. The Fourteenth Illinois, Sixth Indiana, and Sixth Tennessee Cavalry have been stationed at Edgefield until March 31, when they joined the division at Pulaski. These regiments are still dismounted. The Fifth Tennessee Cavalry is stationed at Faytteville, and is engaged in patrolling the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad.

[April].-During the past month no event of any importance has occurred in this command. The Fourteenth Illinois, Sixth Indiana, Third and Sixth Tennessee Cavalry are still dismounted, and are doing garrison duty at Pulaski, Tenn. The Eighth Michigan, Sixteenth Illinois, and Fifth Indiana Cavalry, mounted, have been engaged in patrolling the country and hunting bushwhackers. The Fifth Tennessee Cavalry is patrolling the line of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, and the Eleventh Michigan Cavalry is absent with Major-General Stoneman on his campaign in North Carolina.

