
Names of officers and men mentioned for bravery and efficiency, &amp;c.-Continued.

FOURTH DIVISION.-Continued.

Name, rank, and regiment.	 By whom	 Remarks.

 mentioned.

Captain John D. Brown,	 Recommended	 To be major by

Third Iowa	 for promotion	 brevet.

 by Bvt. Major

 General E.

 Upton.

Captain George W.	 ...do...	 Do.

Johnson, Third Iowa

Captain R. B. M.	 ...do...	 Do.

McGlasson, Tenth Missouri

First Lieutenant George	 ...do...	 To be captain by

D. Womeldorff, Seventh	 	 brevet.

Ohio Volunteer Cavalry

First Lieutenant J. A. W.	 ...do...	 Do.

Yeoman, First Ohio

Volunteer Cavalry

First Lieutenant 	 ...do...	 To be first

Ferdinand Owen, Tenth	 	 lieutenant by

Missouri	 	 brevet.

Second Lieutenant Loyd	 ...do..	 Do.

H. Dillon, Fourth Iowa

Sergt. Robert Skiles,	 Recommended	 For individual

Fourth Iowa	 by General	 bravery at Girard.

 Upton to

 receive medal

 of honor.

Private Robert C. Wood,	 ...do...	 Being taken

Fourth Iowa	 	 prisoner, he

 	 escaped, and with a

 	 few others took

 	 prisoner the

 	 colonel and

 	 adjutant of the

 	 regiment that had

 	 helf him.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., June 27, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 16, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith twenty-four stand of colors, captured from the enemy during the late campaign in Alabama and Georgia, with the circumstances connected with the capture of each.

1. Sergt. H. L. Birdsall, B Company, Third Iowa Cavalry, "captured the bearer and flag while my company was assailing the line of works on left of Summerville road, near Columbus, Ga., April 16, 1865."

2. Private Andrew W. Tibbets, I Company, Third Iowa Cavalry, at Columbus, Ga., captured the bearer-a sergeant-and flag of Austin's battery, inside the line of works and to the right of the four-gun battery on the right of the enemy's line.

3. John H. Hays, private, F Company, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, at Columbus, Ga., "captured the standard and bearer, who tore it from the staff and tried to escape; he fired two shots from his revolver, wounding one man of my regiment at my side."

4. Corpl. Richard H. Morgan, A Company, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, at Columbus, Ga., "I captured the standard and bearer in the first charge my company made, inside the line of works, April 16; the bearer contested with me for its possession."

5. Private Nicholas Fanning, B Company, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, captured at Selma, Ala., in the city, an elegant silk C. S. flag and two staff officers, April 2, 1865.

6. Sergt. Norman F. Bates, E Company, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, at Columbus, Ga., April 16, 1865, took a rebel and standard in the street three blocks from the bridge.

