
Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Felix Prince Salm, Sixty-eighth New York Infantry.

BRIDGEPORT, February 11, 1865.

I have the honor to report to you that I have just returned from the expedition I asked permission for from you. I surprised Witherspoon's company in Johnson's Crook. The surprise was complete. I attacked on the 10th instant, at 2 a. m., killed 3, wounded 5, captured Captain Countiss, Twenty-first Georgia, and 15 men, amongst them Wither spoon's broken up by this blow. No loss on our part. A written report will follow.*

FELIX PR. SALM,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 13, 1865.-Action at Station Four, Fla.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major Edmund C. Weeks, Second Florida Cavalry (Union.)

Numbers 2.-Major General Samuel Jones, C. S. Army, commanding District of Florida.

Numbers 3.-Captain John J. Dickinson, Second Florida Cavalry, commanding South Florida Forces.

Numbers 1. Report of Major Edmund C. Weeks, Second Florida Cavalry (Union.)
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Cedar Keys, Fla., February 16, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the commanding general that an expedition was made by the forces under my command, consisting of 186 men of the Second Regiment Florida Cavalry and 200 men of the Second Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry, under Major Lincoln, through Levy County to Levyville and Clay Landing, agreeably to the plan submitted to you in my letter of the 8th of February, 1865. Left this post Wednesday morning, February 8, 1865; six miles from Station Four succeeded in capturing 3 men and 4 horses, a portion of a cavalry picket of seven men stationed at Yearty's. Hurried to Levyville in one day. Arrived there Friday morning, February 10, and captured 10 horses, some 50 contrabands, and a wagon. The force under Major Lincoln surprised, but did not succeed in capturing the company at Clay Landing; they made their escape across the river in boats. He destroyed a good amount of commissary stores and other Government supplies. The road to Bronson being most of the way through swamp, and being obliged to detach the most of one company to guard prisoners and contrabands, I concluded to return to Station Four. Upon leaving Levyville my rear guard was attack by a squad of fifteen cavalrymen; two of my men were wounded, one severely. The enemy lost at least one man and several horses. I was not molested

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

