
Cavalry; Private A. R. Hudson, Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers; Private J. Davis, Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers; Private Andrew W. Tibbets, I Company, Third Iowa Cavalry; Private John H. Hays, F Company, Fourth Iowa Cavalry; Private Nichols Fanning, B Company, Fourth Iowa Cavalry; Private Charles A. Swan, K Company, Fourth Iowa Cavalry; Private Richard H. Cosgriff, L Company, Fourth Iowa Cavalry; Private James P. Miller, D Company, Fourth Iowa Cavalry. The flags bear inscriptions, which designate the date and place of capture.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General,

Hdqrs. Department of the Cumberland, Nashville, Tenn.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., April 23, 1865.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

U. S. Army, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to recommend the following promotions:

Bvt. Major General E. Upton, U. S. Volunteers, to be major-general of volunteers, to date from April 1, 1865, for personal gallantry and good management in the engagement at Ebenezer Station, Ala.; also at Columbus, Ga., where by a night attack with 300 men he carried the rebel works and captured the bridge over the Chattahoochee River, took 1,200 prisoners and 52 guns. Throughout the entire campaign General Upton had exhibited the highest qualities of a general officer and demonstrated his fitness for advancement. Brigadier General Eli Long, U. S. Volunteers, to be breet major-general of volunteers, for personal gallantry and good management in the command of his division in the assault of the fortifications at Selma, resulting in the capture of the place, 2,700 prisoners, 32 guns in position, April 2, 1865. Brigadier General E. M. McCook to be brevet major-general for uniform good conduct throughout the expedition.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 19, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

I have the honor to recommend and request brevet appointments for the following-named officers of my staff for gallant and meritorious service:

Major E. B. Beaumont, assistant adjutant-general, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel and brevet colonel for faithful and intelligent discharge of his duties and for gallantry in action on the West Harpeth River December 17, 1864, during the pursuit of Hood, and at the battle of Selma, April 2, 1865. Major M. H. Williams, acting assistant inspector-general, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel for faithful discharge of his duties, gallantry at Selma and during the campaign in Alabama and

