
Georgia. Captain H. E. Noyes, Second U. S. Cavalry, aide-de-camp, to be brevet major for gallantry at Selma and for meritorious service during the recent campaign in Alabama and Georgia. Captain L. M. Hosea, Sixteenth U. S. Infantry, commissary of musters, to be brevet major for gallantry at Selma and Columbus and throughout the campaign in Alabama and Georgia. Captain W. W. Van Antwerp, aide-de-camp, to be major for meritorious service, gallantry at Selma and Columbus, and efficient service throughout the campaign in Alabama and Georgia. Captain G. h. Kneeland, provost-marshal, to be major for meritorious service, gallantry at Selma and Columbus, and efficient service throughout the campaign in Alabama and Georgia. Lieutenant Dangler, ambulance officer, to be brevet captain for gallantry at Selma and throughout the campaign in Alabama and Georgia. Captain McBurney, ordnance officer, to be brevet major for meritorious and gallant service throughout the campaign in Alabama and Georgia. Surg. Francis Salter, U. S. volunteers, medical director, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel for meritorious and efficient discharge of his duties in caring for the sick and wounded throughout the campaign in Alabama and Georgia. Captain E. B. Carling, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, to be major and brevet lieutenant-colonel for faithful and energetic discharge of his duties as chief quartermaster of the Cavalry Corps. Captain William E. Brown, acting assistant quartermaster, to be brevet major for faithful and meriotious discharge of his arduous duties throughout the campaign in Alabama and Georgia. Lieutenant Brown, acting commissary of subsistence, to be captain for the faithful and meritiours discharge of his duties throughout the campaign in Alabama nd Georgia. lieutenant Prather, acting aide-de-camp, to be captain for meritorious and gallant service throughout the campaign in Alabama and Georgia.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 19, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to recommend and request brevet appointments for the following-named officers:

First Lieutenant Joseph Hedges, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, to be captain and brevet major for conspicuous gallantry during the pursuit of Hood after the battle of Nashville, charging the enemy's rear guard on the West Harpeth River, leading his regiment, capturing three pieces of artillery. First Lieutenant Joseph Rendlebrock, Second Lieutenant William Bayard, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, to be captains and brevet majors for gallantry during the pursuit of Hood after the battle of Nashville and I the charge of the regiment against the earth-works at Selma, Ala. First Lieutenant William O'Connell, commanding Fourth U. S. Cavalry, for conspicuous gallantry during the charge of his regiment upon the enemy's earthworks at Selma, Ala., to be captain and brevet major. Second Lieutenant Wirt Davis, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, to be captain and brevet major for conspicuous gallantry during the charge of his regiment against the earth-works at Selma, Ala., and for good conduct on all occasions. First Lieutenant John Lee, Edwin J. Conway, and Sebastian Gunther, Fourth

26 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

