
Division numbered 5,127 men, under command of Brigadier General Eli Long. Brevet Major-General Upton commanded the Fourth Division, containing 3,923 men. The Fourth U. S. Cavalry were on duty as headquarters guard and were 334 men in number. There were thus engaged in the expedition in all 13,480. The chief medical officers of the command were Surg. Francis Slater, U. S. Volunteers, medical director; Asst. Surg. William T. Okie, U. S. Army, medical inspector; Surgs. Benjamin McCluer, Francis Greene, and Frederick Corfe, chief surgeons of the First, Fourth, and Second Divisions. There were altogether fifty medical officers on duty with the command. Orders were given to march early on the morning of March 22. The several divisions moved out on parallel roads in a southeast, passing through Russellville and Jasper. The weather was pleasant and the roads, though rough, were, nevertheless, very firm and passable. Corps headquarters passed through Cherokee Station at 12 m., and at 5 p. m., after a march of eighteen miles, camped within a mile from Barton's Station. March 23, march began at an early hour. Weather fine. Country similar in appearance to that passed over on the day before, being hilly and rough. The soil is here sandy and barren, and the population small. General Wilson and staff marched twenty-four miles, and at 12 m. arrived at the dilapidated village of Russellville, county seat of Franklin county. It has been a place of some local importance, with a population of 2,000 inhabitants. It has, however, suffered severely from the ravages of war. Camped there for the night. March 24, weather pleasant. March began at 8 o'clock, but after reaching a point three miles distant corps headquarters went again into camp in order to await the arrival of the pontoon and wagon trains, which had been delayed on the march. General Long, with the Second Division, passed by in the morning at 9 o'clock. General McCook and headquarters arrived in the evening at 6. March 25, reveille at 5 a. m.; marched at 6. Weather very fine; roads good, though occasionally rough. Crossed Big Bear River at Bell's Factory at 3 p. m. Traveled twenty-one miles and camped on a branch of the Buttahatchie River. General Upton, with the Fourth Division, was a considerable distance in advance. General McCook guarded the rear. March 26, started at an early hour and marched twenty-five miles to Blackwater Creek. Weather continued to be pleasant. The country, like all yet passed over, is barren. The soil is sandy and supports a forest of pines. Water good. Forage found in sufficient quantity for the necessities of the command. Camped for the night. during the night a brigade was constructed over the Blackwater. March 27, reveille at 4 a. m. Marched at 5.30 a. m. on road to Jasper. General Upton, on the left, led the advance; General Long held the center with the Second Division, and General McCook, with the First Division, the rear. The weather was mild, with indications of rain. Road to Jasper was found, except in one or two places, to be in good of rain. Road to Jasper was found, except in one or two places, to be in good condition. Arrived there, after a march of seventeen miles, at 11.30 a. m. We heard news to the effect that Forrest was fortifying the road from Montevallo to Tuscalloosa with a force of 10,000 men. Orders were given to General Upton to push rapidly forward, leaving the wagon trains to take care of themselves. Similar orders were also issued to Generals Long and McCook. General McCook entered Jasper with the First Division at 2 p. m. At 5 p. m. General Wilson and staff arrived on the banks of the Mulberry Fork of the Black Warrior River, eight miles and a half distant from Jasper. The skies had shown symptoms of rain since

