
noon, and now it began to fall. It continued to rain during the whole night. Corps headquarters camped on the north bank of the stream. Jasper, through which we passed at noon, is a large village of from 4,000 to 5,000 inhabitants; has a court-house and a jail. The road thence to Black Warrior was firm and good. On arriving at that stream we found that General Upton had already crossed it at the ford with all his troops and most of his wagons. This fork of the Black Warrior was at this point about one-eighth of a mile wide, with a depth ranging from one to three or four feet, and a very rapid current. The bottom was very rocky and uneven, and the banks on each side very precipitous.

March 28, the weather was very damp and disagreeable. The greater part of the day was taken up in getting the troops and wagon trains over the river. Many horses lost their footing and many men were dismounted, but none were drowned. We crossed the Locust Fork of the Black Warrior at the ford at 4 p. m. This stream is deeper than the Mulbery Fork, but not so wide nor so rapid. The distance between the two forks is eight miles and a half. The country between them is barren and thinly settled. The people are very ignorant and poor, but of Union proclivities. General Wilson camped at night on south bank of this fork. March 29, the day was occupied in getting the First and Second Divisions over the Locust Fork of the Black Warrior River. General Wilson remained in camp all day. Captain Brown, acting chief quartermaster, was ordered to take charge of corps trains. Weather rainy. March 30, started on the road to Elyton at 6.30. Weather coldly, but cold; rain had ceased to fall. The main road was found to be very muddy. We arrived at Elyton at 1 p. m., a distance of twenty miles, having crossed Black Creek on our way at Lamson's Flour Mills. These mills were burned. The country had now begun to assume a more fertile and cultivated appearance. Elyton is a very pretty village of from 3,000 to 4,000 inhabitants. The route on which we had hitherto come since leaving Chickasaw had been outheastely. From Elyton until we arrived at Selma we now advanced due south. The First Brigade, of the First Division, was detached from the command at this point and ordered to proceed to Tuscaloosa and destroy the Government works there. Large iron-works six miles south of Elyton were burned. We arrived at night on the banks of the Cahawba River, fifteen miles from Elyton. The railroad bridge had fortunately been left uninjured and was easily fixed to allow the crossing of trains. The last four miles from Elyton. The railroad bridge had fortunately been left uninjured and was easily fixed to allow the crossing of trains. The last four miles of the road were very rough and muddy. March 31, fine drizzly rain fell early in the morning. Weather cleared after sunrise. The railroad bridge across the Cahawba was a quarter of a mile long and had been planked the day before by Genera Upton. The Cahawba River is at this point an eighth of a mile broad and is quite deep. The crossing would have been troublesome had the bridge been burned. Large iron-works half a mile from the river were burned. Arrived at Montevallo at 11 a. m., distance fourteen miles from Cahawba. Road was good. The country was wooded, but the forests now different in character from those through which we had hitherto passed, there being some oaks mixed with the pines. The soil, though still sandy, is more fertile than that north of Elyton. Montevallo is a village of 2,000 inhabitants, but was nearly deserted on our entrance. General Upton had his headquarters there and was now waiting our approach. The rebels were now reported for the first time to be in advance of us in some force. They were charged by the Third Iowa and dispersed with the loss of twenty prisoners. Left Montevallo on road to Selma at 3 p. m. General Long advanced with the Second Division on the road to Randolph

