
to the right of the main road to Selma. General Upton kept the main road. There was continued skirmishing with the rebels, but they were unable to check our advance in the slightest degree. We went into camp twelve miles from Montevallo at 7.30 p. m. There had been during the day several men wounded and one or two killed.

April 1, marched at an early hour to Randolph, a small village, seventeen miles from Montevallo. General McCook was ordered with the Second Brigade, of the First Division, to take the road to Centraville and to co-operate with General Croxton against Jackson,w ho was reported to be on the Tuscaloosa and Centraville road with 4,000 men. General Long on the right and Upton on the left had a brilliant fight with the rebels under Forrest in person, defeating them with severe loss. There were captured from the enemy 3 pieces of artillery and 300 prisoners, and there were besides quite a number killed. The loss on our side was 40 wounded and 12 killed. Arrive at Plantersville after a march of twenty-six miles at 6 p. m.; headquarters of corps at house of Mrs. Discoe. A quantity of rebel hard-tack and some forage bags were found in the depot. April 2, a hospital was established in the village church for the reception of the sick and wounded. Asst. Surg. T. A. McGraw, U. S. Volunteers, was ordered to remain in charge, with Assistant Surgeon Dome, Seventeenth Indiana (mounted) Infantry, and Assistant Surgeon Maxwell, of the Third Iowa Cavalry, as assistants. There were left in the hospital forty wounded and eighteen sick, together with a sufficient number of nurses. The depot was burned, together with a store-house containing cotton. The command then moved on toward Selma, twenty one miles distant. The Fourth and Second Divisions arrived in front of Selma at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, and at sundown a simultaneous attack was made along the whole line. Forrest was in command of the rebels in person, and endeavored to defend the city, but without success. Our troops took the breast-works by assault and entered the city, [pursuing] the flying rebels. In the confusion resulting from the night attack a large number of stores were plundered and burned. In the morning, however, order was again restored. Our loss was: Killed, 4 officers and 35 enlisted men; wounded, 24 officers and 22 enlisted men. Among the killed was Colonel Dobb. Brigadier-General Long was severely wounded in the head while leading the assault. We captured 2,300 prisoners, a large number of small-arms and cannon, and the workshops and arsenals which supplied the armies of the West with ammunition of all kinds. Forrest escaped with his escort of 100 men and retreated toward Plantersville. On his way he came across a party of Federals asleep in a neighboring field under command of Lieutenant Roys, of the Fourth U. S. Cavalry, and Lieutenant Miller. He charged on them in their sleep, and refusing to listen to their cries of surrender killed or wounded the entire party, numbering twenty-five men. April 3, the day was pent in restoring order in Selma. The Second Brigade, of the First Division, which had been unsuccessful in its attempts to unite with the First Brigade, was ordered back to protect the wagon trains. Forrest arrived at Plantersville on his retreat and captured the hospital, which had been left without a guard. He paroled all he nurses and slightly wounded men, and left the surgeons and patients unmolested. A corps hospital was established in Selma for our wounded. April 5, a party of the Second Division went to Cahawba and recaptured several of our prisoners confined there. April 6, wagon train arrived at Selma. Arsenals and Government were houses destroyed by fire. April 7, negroes gathered together to be organized into three regiments, one for each division.

