
Sick and wounded were brought in ambulances from Plantesville and put in corps hospital. General Wilson met Forrest on the Cahawba River under a flag of truce. It was determined to take along on the march all the sick and wounded whose situation would permit of it, and to leave only such as were very ill or badly wounded. Engineers were busily engaged in building a pontoon bridge over the Alabama River. The Alabama River is at this point about 500 yards wide. It has a very rapid current, and a depth that admits of navigation by steam-boats of considerable size. Selmais situated on its north bank. It is or was a beautiful city of 15,000 inhabitants, containing many fine residences and large Government workshops. Its loss to the rebels can hardly be estimated. April 9, it has been determined to move to-day toward Montgomery, but the pontoon bridge broke for the second time and prevented the whole command from crossing until late in the night. Camped on the south side of the river. Left in hospital at Selma sixty-eight patients, under charge of Surgeon Larkin [Seventeenth Indiana (mounted) Infantry], and Assistant Surgeon Raley, Tenth Missouri Cavalry. Rations for forty days were left with them, as also plenty of medicines and other supplies.

April 10, began our march to Montgomery. Forrest refused to acknowledge any paroles, and General Wilson had accordingly ordered all prisoners to be brought along under guard. The citizens, however, and some of the militia were paroled. Weather was good, although the roads were muddy from recent rains. Surgeon Carter, Third Iowa Cavalry, was ordered to take charge of the hospital train. This train was composed of the ambulances belonging to the corps, together with a number of wagons properly fitted up with beds and lankest. We marched fifteen miles to the village of Benton and camped there during the night. Benton is a small village of no particular importance. April 11, began to march at 6 a. m. Skies cloudy and threatening rain. Our route since leaving Selma has been due east on the road to Montgomery, south a swamp a mile long. One mile from Benton we passed through a swamp a mile long. The road was very bad and almost impassable for wagons. After leaving the swamp, however, we found the roads to be smooth and dry, leading over a rolling country. Thirteen miles from Benton the columns passed through the village Lowndesborough. This village is one of the most beautiful that we have yet passed through. It is built up of large, leant mansions, and is inhabited by inch planters. It has a population of about 1,500. Smallpox was raging furiously, and in some families had attacked all the members. We here received news of the fall of Richmond. Went into camp eighteen miles from Montgomery after a march of eighteen miles. April 12, started from camp at 5 a. m. Weather very pleasant and roads good. General McCook with the First Division led the advance. The city was capitulated to General McCook early in the morning, and a provost-guard having been stationed in it, the troops marched through and camped outside. The inhabitants received the troops, if without manifestations of joy, at least without any evidences of dislike. Private property was everywhere respected. The rebel troops before our entrance had burned 85,000 bales of cotton, valued troops before our entrance had burned 85,000 bales of cotton, valued at $40,000,000 in gold. The citizens expressed a great deal of anger at the occurrence. Montgomery, the capital of Alabama, is a beautiful city, and contains a large number of elegant residences. It is situated on the south side of the Alabama River. This river is navigable to the city by small streamers. April 14, hospital train came into the city at 5 p. m. and was unloaded at Saint Mary's Hospital. The transportation

