
of so many sick and wounded had been found to be a serious incumbrance on the march, and it had, therefore, been determined to leave them at this city. There were accordingly sufficient quantities of commissary stores and medicines left in the hospital for the wants of the sick and wounded. There were left in Montgomery 144 men, under charge of Assistant Surgeon Dome, Seventeenth Indiana (mounted) Infantry. April 14, started for Columbus at 8 a. m. Weather pleasant and roads excellent. Marched due east twenty miles and then camped. April 15, started at 7.30 a. m., Upton way ahead. Weather cloudy and threatening rain. Arrived at Tuskegee, forty-two miles from Montgomery, at 2 p. m. Tuskegee is a village of 3,000 inhabitants, a county seat. It had a jail, court-house, and young ladies' seminary. Left Tuskegee at 5 o'clock. It began to rain just as we left Tuskegee, and continued to do so for two hours. Camped at last at 7 o'clock at a farm house, forty-eight miles from Montgomery and thirty-six from Columbus. April 16, commenced our march at 7 o'clock. The country passed over is not so fertile as in the immediate vicinity of Selma, and has been worn out by the defective system of agriculture. We passed through Society Hill and two other small villages on our route. General Upton again led the advance. Weather was fine and the roads were in good order. We arrived opposite Columbus at 3 p. m. and found General Upton preparing to attack the works. The attack began at 7 p. m., and notwithstanding the resistance of the enemy, who were entrenched on the neighboring hills, our forces drove them from their breast-works and captured the bridges leading over the Chattahoochee River to the city. The attack was made exclusively by the Fourth Division. Our loss was but 28 wounded and 5 killed. There were captured from the enemy nearly 2,000 prisoners, a large quantity of arms and ammunition and all the Government stores, shops, and arsenals, and the city itself. Columbus was a city of nearly 20,000 inhabitants, and is situated on the east bank of the Chattahoochee River. It was connected by the Alabama bank by three bridges at the time of this occupation by our forces. It was a place of considerable importance as a manufacturing town, having a number of mills and workshops of different kinds. While the main body of troops were thus engaged, Colonel La Grange had been detached at Opelike and ordered to destroy the railroad and the depots at West Point. Arriving there on April 16, he attacked and carried the fortifications built to defend the place, though not until after a severe struggle, in which we lost in killed and wounded thirty-nine men, of whom seven were killed.

April 17, the women and children who had been employed in the factories and arsenals turned out with one accord to pillage the stores and the Government warehouses. The Government buildings were burned with the exception of the hospitals. It was determined to leave our sick and wounded, with proper amount of stores of all kinds, in the hospitals of the city. Assistant Surgeon Whitten, Third Iowa Cavalry, was detailed to take charge of them. In all thirty-five patients were left at Columbus. April 18, bridges over the Chattahoochee were burned, together with such public buildings as had escaped the day before. Commenced to move at 9 o'clock on the road to Macon via Thomaston; marched twenty-one miles and camped. The weather was pleasant and the roads good. The character of the soil was different to that of Alabama. It consisted of red clay; beneath which was a layer of lime-stone. Several cannon and large number of wagons deserted on the road showed that the enemy had fled in the greatest confusion. April

