
19, the command marched at an early hour, she Second Division in the advance. The weather was very windy and the roads dry and dusty. The forests presented a somewhat different appearance to those by which we rode yesterday, having oak mixed with the pine. Our advance, consisting of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry, had captured by forced marches the Double Bridges over the Flint River, forty-four miles from Columbus. We arrived there at 12 m. The Flint River here is very rapid and not easily fordable. A farther march of ten miles brought us to Thomaston, a village of about 1,500 inhabitants. After having crossed at Big Potatoe Creek, camped at 6 p. m at Thomaston. April 20, corps headquarters began their march 6 a. m. Wather was good. The roads were very dry and dusty. Our course, which from Columbus to Thomaston had been to the northeast, now directed to the southeast. Thomaston is forty-seven miles from Macon. Our advance was met by a flat of truce, announcing that Sherman had entered into an armistice with Johnston, and demanding that we should halt where we were. The officer commanding the advance, however, had no authority to stop his march, and by the time the letter had reached General Wilson the city of Macon had ben already captured. Thus imperfectly are the main incidents of the march of General Wilson's command from Chickasaw, Ala., to Macon, Ga., recorded and reported for the information of the medical director Army and Department of the Cumberland, Surg. George E. Cooper, U. S. Army. It had been intended to render this report more complete and give the points of interest more in detail. The reports, however, from surgeons in charge of subordinate commands are not so explicit as to permit the execution of this intention. One or two points I desire to present to the medical director Department of the Cumberland: First, that the ambulance corps organization operated as successfully in the cavalry as in the infantry corps; second, no patients were left on the roadside in the rear of the advancing forces, and all were provided for in regularly furnished hospitals. Two accidents arose from the magazines of the Spencer carbine exploding from being half filled while on "hot march" by concussion. In one instance the magazine was int he pouch, in the other in the stock of the carbine. The tin tubes, or magazines which contain the fixed ammunition, metallic cartridges, should be therefore kept filled. Four inches of play on a hot day may explode them, as evidence din these two cases. The greatest energy and assiduity on the part of all the medical officers was observable throughout the campaign.

F. SALTER,

Surg., U. s. Vols., Med. Director, Cav. Corps,

Military Division of the Mississippi.

Numbers 5. Reports of Major James M. Hubbard, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry, commanding Pontoniers.
HEADQUARTERS PONTOON TRAIN, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Macon, Ga., April 25, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the pontoon train-consisting of fifty-eight wagons loaded with thirty canvas pontoon boats and the necessary lumber for laying a bridge of thirty boats, also the battalion of

