
again during my march, although their scouts were constantly in sight in our rear. Arrived at Station Four at 3 p. m. on Sunday, February 12, with 100 head of cattle, several wagons, 50 contrabands, 13 horses, 5 prisoners, and every man I took out with me; all in excellent spirits. Sent the prisoners to Depot Key, posted pickets, left Captain E. Pease, Second U. S. Colored Infantry, in command, and then went to the Key for the purpose of hurrying up transportation for the wounded soldiers, contrabands, and the beef, and also to make preparations more complete to finish the raid to Bay Port which I had commenced. At 7 [o'clock] Monday morning, February 13, heard heavy firing at Station Four. Returned there as soon as possible; found our men flying in all directions; left an officer to halt and bring them up. Upon arriving at the trestle this side of Station Four I found some sixty of the Second Florida Cavalry. I immediately pushed them across the bridge (the enemy were in possession of the end next to Station Four). At this time Captain Pease, with about forty men, all that remained with him, charged at the enemy who were making an attack on our camp. The enemy, from 250 to 300 strong, with two pieces of artillery, commenced giving way. We took the bridge, and as soon as possible after crossing I deployed my men on the right and left of the road as skirmishers; drove the enemy gradually back until they broke and took to flight . I followed them about two miles; mounted some half dozen men, under Lieutenant Poole, Second Florida Cavalry, with orders to follow them until they halted for the night. (In the meantime I sent our wounded to Depot Key.) He followed them six miles, too Yearty's, where he could see they were re-enforced by a large body of infantry and were again marching out to meet, us moving down toward Station Four. I had collected and organized our scattered forces, and found I had about 250 men. With that small force, considering the condition they were in, I did not deem it prudent to receive a night attack. I crossed the bridge, and about twenty minutes afterward the enemy moved into our camp. I have since learned that General Miller arrived with 500 infantry and four pieces of artillery. The fight lasted from 7 a. m. to 12 m. The casualties on our side amounted to 1 officer wounded (Second Lieutenant T. Killean, jr., Company G, Second U. S., Colored Infantry), 5 privates killed, 6 corporals and 11 privates wounded, 1 first sergeant and 2 privates taken prisoners. I have not ascertained the losses of the enemy, though they left 2 of their killed on the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND C. WEEKS,

Major Second Florida Cavalry, Commanding Post.

Captain E. B. TRACY,

A. A. A. G., Hdqrs. Dist. of Key West and Tortugas, Key West.

Numbers 2. Report of Major General Samuel Jones, C. S. Army, commanding District of Florida.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Tallahassee, February 17, 1865.

COLONEL: On the night of the 9th instant it was reported to me that the enemy had crossed from Cedar Keys and marched some ten miles into the country, capturing some seven men of the cattle

