
pontoniers (6 commissioned officers and 205 effective men, including 58 teamsters, 2 harness makers, and 4 blacksmiths)-left Eastport, Miss., at 8 a. m. March 20, 1865, and proceeded to Bear River via Iuke. Laid a pontoon bridge across the same six miles from Iuka the same day. On the 22nd of March the pontoon train was attached to Second Division, Cavalry Corps, and was guarded by troops from that division. We moved in rear of the Second Division train, which obliged us to corduroy many of the bad placed in the roads, for our mules were small and not in very good condition. Loads so heavy that on March 28 I had to abandon about one-fourth of all the lumber of the kind that could be procured in the country. Crossed Big Black Warrior on the 31st of March. On the 3rd of April laid a bridge across Cahawba River. All trains belonging to the command crossed and marched twenty miles same day. Arrived at Selma, Ala., April 6, having marched the distance of about 300 miles in eighteen days, and laid three pontoon bridges. The roads were almost impassable, having in many instances to use the whole battalion in lifting wagons out of the mud. Laid abridge across the Alabama River in thirty hours. With he addition of the thirty canvas boats, six wooden pontoons and three large barges were used, but owing to the rise of water and driftwood it was broken twice in the center. By much assistance it was made substantial. Commenced taking up the bridge at 10 a. m. 10th of April, reserving only twelve boats and appurtenances. Destroyed and abandoned thirty wagons, eighteen boats, and mounting the battalion of pontoniers on the surplus mules arrived at Montgomery, Ala., on 13th of April, having laid one bridge across Cypress Creek and traveled the distance of sixty-five miles over a swampy road in three days and a half. Moved on the Columbus road on 14th. On the 15th Privates J. Creach, William Burris, of Company K, Pontoon Battalion, left the command without orders. Private J. Creach returned and stated that they were attacked by guerrillas, and J. Wisby,* Isaac D. Rowden, F. M. Cross, and William Burris were killed; Conant and Puthuff wounded. We arrived at Columbus, Ga., April 17, having traveled about 100 miles in five days. Left Columbus at 2 a. m. 18th and moved toward Macon, Ga.; traveled forty-one miles. Arrived in camp near Macon, Ga., at 12 m. 21st April, making about 100 miles in three days and a half, with teams in good condition.

Hoping the above may prove satisfactory, I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. HUBBARD,

Major, Commanding Detach. Twelfth Missouri Cav. Batt. of Pontoniers.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS PONTONIERS, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Macon, Ga., May 9, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the pontoon train (fifty-eight wagons) loaded with thirty canvas pontoons, together with the lumber necessary to lay a bridge at least 400 feet long, also the pontoniers, consisting

---------------

*Regimental records show that Wisby was mustered out.

---------------

