
of the Third Battalion of the Twelfth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, under my command, left Eastport, Miss., at 8 a. m. on the 20th of March, 1865. (The teamsters were all detailed from the battalion of pontoniers, which consisted of 205 men and 5 line officers, besides Lieutenant [Bennett], acting assistant quartermaster.) 20th, marched by the way of Iuka to Bear River, escorted by the Second Battalion of Twelfth Missouri Cavalry. The distance was about fifteen miles. We arrived at the river at about 5 o'clock, and finding it not fordable, laid a pontoon bridge across it of one trestle and thirteen boats. 21st, we took up the bridge and traveled six miles; the roads in very bad condition, it having rained the night before, making the roads very muddy. The men had to lift a great many of the wagons out of the mud. The mules in the train were small and in not very good order. 22nd, traveled about ten miles; halted early. Passed through Dickson's Station. 23rd, roads were very miry. Had to travel very slowly, and across all low places had the men to corduroy the road. Also passed over some mountainous country, frequently having to put eight mules to a wagon. Over one very high hill was assisted by Captain Coe, acting assistant quartermaster Second Division, sending thirty span of mules to help us up. The men being along with the wagons were much assistance to them, frequently helping to push the wagons all the way up the hill. 24th, train was escorted by the Fourth Ohio Cavalry. After getting over the hill the roads began to get better. Passed through Frankfort and Russellville and overtook the army at Cedar Creek, having traveled about twenty-three miles that day. 25th, procured all the forage that could be taken on the train. After traveling about ten miles the train of the Second Division and the pontoon train struck in the mud, and the pioneers and pontoniers were at work all night making corduroy road. 26th, by morning the road was made passable. Traveled about twelve miles by 1.30 o'clock at night, when we came to a swamp that was almost impassable. The Second Division train was mired in it. The men worked almost all night. They were becoming much fatigued, but the work was carried on with energy until the road was completely corduroyed across the swamp. Made twelve miles that day. 27th, roads were some better until we passed into Walker County, when we began to come to swamps again. The mules were becoming much fagged, the loads being evidently too heavy for the bad roads. This night the train got mired at 1 a. m., it having been the third night that the mules were not unharnessed and that men had no sleep. Made about one-quarter of a mile of corduroy road, and threw off about one-half of the lumber of kind that could be procured in the country. Made sixteen miles. 28th, reached Jasper at 1 o'clock, making eight miles by 1 p. m. 29th, traveled about thirteen miles against 12 m., and arrived at Black Warrior River. 30th, crossed the river without loss, although the water was swift, the bottom very uneven, and the wagons on both sides had to be let down and drawn up by the assistance of men with ropes. Traveled seven miles to Little Warrior River. Raining incessantly. The road was much cut up by the main force of cavalry that had gone ahead, leaving us behind on the 25th with an escort of cavalry and dismounted men. 31, st, laid a pontoon bridge of eleven boats and put two trestles in. All the trains belonging to the army crossed; also the escort. Took the bridge up in an hour, looking for an attack from the north side of the river while we were raising it, and traveled four miles. Roads some firmer, but hilly and rocky.

April 2, arrived at Elyton at 10 a. m., having made twenty miles since early the morning before. Traveled eight miles south of Elyton

