
and encamped, making seventeen miles. April 3, arrived at Cahawba River and laid a pontoon bridge across it, which energetically, laying the bridge in one hour and a quarter, and making it up after all had crossed in three-quarters of an hour, and traveled twenty miles same day, passing one mile south of Montevallo. 4th, the advance guard was attacked by militia and guerrillas, but were repulsed without any loss. Fears were entertained that a general attack on the train would be made, but fortunately we were that evening re-enforced by the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, under command of Brevet Brigadier-General Alexander, having traveled twenty-seven miles. 5th, roads good. Made sixteen miles. Encamped early. Plenty of forage. Foraging parties captured quite a number of mules, supplying the place of those giving out. 6th, reached Selma at 11 a. m.; twelve miles that morning, having traveled the distance of about 11 a. m.; twelve miles that morning, having put in forty-six pontoons-thirty canvas and sixteen wooden-also, two very large barges on the north side and one on the south, the distance, across being about 700 feet. About 9 p. m. the 8th the bridge was broken into in the center by driftwood. We immediately set to work to repair it and had it ready for crossing by 2 p. m. 9th; when about two regiments had crossed two wooden pontoons sunk; the wight being too great for it to bear, it gave way in the center and swung around. By this time the pontoniers were very much fatigued. A large detail was mde to assist and the bridge was drawn back to its place, making a gap of only about fifty feet. This was soon repaired and made substantial, consequently we got a night's rest, the first for three nights. 10th, the pontoon train was across by 9 a. m., footmen and stragglers by 10 a. m., when we immediately commenced taking up the bridge, scuttling all the barges, wooden pontoons, also eighteen of the canvas pontoons, and destroying thirty wagons and harness, and mounted the pontoniers that heretofore had been on foot on the surplusmules. Left Selma at 2 p. m. the 10th and traveled all day and night, making only about ten miles, the road being so intolerably bad. 11th, traveled to Cypress Creek, about twelve miles; found it deep; put in a bridge of four boats. 12th, crossed, took up the bridge, and traveled twenty miles. Roads some better. 13th, arrived at Montgomery and passed it seven and a half miles, making about twenty-eight miles. 14th, moved forward at 3 p. m., and traveled fifteen miles against 1 a. m. 15th. 15th, it rained a shower and made the roads very muddy. Made fourteen miles. 16th, made twenty-eight miles. 17th, arrived at Columbus 3 p. m., making ten miles. Passed on four miles. 18th, traveled from 3 a. m. to 9 p. m., forty-two miles. Roads good. 19th, traveled fifteen miles. 20th, traveled twenty-five miles. Roads good and solid. 21st, traveled eleven miles to within four of Macon. 22nd, moved into Macon, Ga., having traveled from Selma, Ala., to Macon, Ga., the distance of about 240 miles, and laid one pontoon bridge, in nine days. Average per day twenty-six and two-thirds miles. Mules in good condition.

Hoping the above may prove satisfactory, I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. HUBBARD,

Major, Commanding Pontoniers, Cavalry Corps.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

