
Consolidated report of prisoners of war captured by the Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, commanded by Brevet Major-General Wilson, during the late campaign.

Commissioned officers and enlisted men................... 6,820

C. L. GREENO,

Major and Provost-Marshal, Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

Consolidated report of cotton destroyed by Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, commanded by Brevet Major-General Wilson, during the late campaign.

Where destroyed.	 Number of	 Remarks.

 bales.

Selma, Ala.	 35,000	 Destroyed by the

 	 Confederate forces before

 	 retreating.

Montgomery, Ala.	 85,000	 Do.

Columbus, Ga.	 125,000	 Destroyed by the cavalry

 	 command after the place

 	 was taken.

On the line of	 10,000	 Destroyed by the cavalry

march.	 	 command.

Total destroyed.	 255,000

C. L. GREENO,

Major and Provost-Marshal, Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL, CAVALRY CORPS,

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Macon, Ga., June 28, 1865.

Numbers 7. Report of Brigadier General Edward M. McCook, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of operations March 22-May 1.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Macon, Ga., June 2, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division since March 22, 1865, when it broke camp at Chickasaw, Ala., and marched, via Buzzard Roost, Russellville, and Jasper, to Elyton, which point was reached on the 30th after a march of nine days over the worst roads I ever saw, and with but little forage.

At this place, in obedience to orders from the brevet major-general commanding the corps, my First Brigade, Brigadier-General Croxton commanding, was detached and ordered to proceed to Tuscaloosa, Ala., destroy all public property there, and rejoin the command in the vicinity of Selma as soon as practicable. At the same time orders were sent to Captain Kingscott, acting assistant quartermaster, to move his train as rapidly as possible to Elyton and report to Captain Brown, chief quartermaster of the corps. With the Second Brigade and Eighteenth Indiana Battery i marched via Cahawba railroad bridge and Montevallo, reaching Randolph April 1, where information was received that General Croxton was confronted by a superior force under General Jackson near Trion. I was ordered to march rapidly via Centraville and Scottsville with La Grange's brigade, and from a junction if possible with Croxton. One battalion was sent in advance to secure the

