
bridge over Cahawba River at Centreville, and the command pushed rapidly forward, reaching Scottsville at 5 p. m. Here information was received that Jackson's command of 3,500 to 4,000 men was between me and Croxton's command, and couriers were at once dispatched to communicate with him, but without success. At daylight on the 2nd instant two regiments were ordered out on the Trion road to feel the enemy, and found them occupying a strong position and prepared for battle. A short and severe skirmish ensued, when my forces were withdrawn. In the meantime I learned from prisoners that Croxton had moved toward Elyton twenty-four hours before. I could hope to accomplish nothing by making a serious attack on a force three times my number, unless it was rendered absolutely necessary in order to my number, unless it was rendered absolutely necessary in order to prevent a junction between Jackson and the rest of Forrest's command. Consequently I drew back slowly toward the Cahawba, hoping the enemy would follow; they did no in full force, and when the head of their column reached the river I burned the bridge, destroying the only means of crossing, thus cutting off the larger part of Forrest's command from joining their ladder. I destroyed all boats up and down the river, and as this was the only bridge on the stream, Jackson was never able to cross any portion of his command in time to interfere with the operations of the main body of General Wilson's corps, then moving against Selma. The Second Brigade of my command arrived at Selma on the 6th and crossed the Alabama River at 10 p. m. April 9, and on the 12th reached Montgomery, skirmishing all the way, and meeting very decided resistance at several points. Montgomery was surrender and all public property destroyed. The amount will be found included in a summary at the close of my report. The rebels had burned about 90,000 bales of cotton the night before my command entered the city. On the 16th Colored La Grange with his brigade appeared before West Point and carried that strong position by assault. It was desperately defended and gallantly won. The results of this capture were most important, securing to us the crossing of the Chattahoochee and placing in our hands all the rolling-stock of the Montgomery and West Point Railroad. We marched into Macon on the 20th, and on the 29th Croxton's lost brigade made its appearance after having made one of the most extraordinary marches on record. The route taken by Croxton's brigade after leaving Elyton, Ala., March 20: Encamped same night eight miles south of Elyton; marches on record. The route taken by Croxton's brigade after leaving Elyton; marched next day to Trion, and returned ten miles to Elyton road, thence to Johnston's Ferry, forty miles above Tuscaloosa. April 3, moved to Northport, and on the 5th marched twenty-five miles on Columbus road to King's Store. 6th, moved on Pleasant Ridge road twelve miles to Lanier's Mill; from there returned to Northport and remained until the 11th instant. On the 11th marched to Windham's Springs. 12th and 13th, marched around head of Wolf Creek; 14th, to Comack's Mills, on Blackwater; thence to Sipsey Fork of Black Warrior, and crossed during 16th. On the 17th marched, via Arkadelphia, to Mulberry Fork, crossing at Hanby's Mills. 18th, marched to and crossed Little Warrior at Menter's Ferry. 19th, moved to Mount Pinson, fourteen miles north of Elyton. 20th, moved via Trussville and Cedar Grove, and arrived at Talladega on the 22nd. On the 23rd moved to Munford's Station. 24th, marched, via Oxford and Davidson, to Blue Ridge, on the Tallapoosa; from thence, on the 25th, via Arbacoochee and Bowdon, to Carrollton, Ga. 26th, marched to and crossed the Chattahoochee; 27th, via Newnan, to Flat Shoals, on Flint River; 28th and 29th, vi aBarnesville and Forsyth, to Macon, Ga. During this march he skirmished with Jackson at Trion, whose force

27 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

