
he estimates at 5,000; also with Wirt Adams between Romulus and Northport, who had about 2,800 men. At Munford's Station General Hill's brigade with two pieces of artillery was encountered; his force scattered, and artillery captured.

In conclusion, I submit the following summary statement of arms, prisoners (including those surrender in Florida), and stores captured; also the number of factories, foundries, and other public works and property destroyed by my division during this campaign: Commissioned officers captured, 758; enlisted men captured, 7,044; artillery pieces captured, 64; small arms captured, 27, 300; factories destroyed, 9; foundries destroyed, 3; niter-works destroyed, 3; machine-shops destroyed, 2; rolling-mills destroyed, 2; iron-works destroyed, 5; steam-boats destroyed, 4; locomotives destroyed, 20; cars destroyed, 470; railroad bridges destroyed, 3; covered bridges destroyed, 2; military university destroyed, 1; Confederate bonds, money, &amp;c., $2,785,263.26; specie, $206.13. This does not include the quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance stores surrendered to me in Florida and Southwest Georgia. I have submitted a separate and detailed report relative to them. the casualties of my division were: Officers killed, 6; officers wounded, 5; officers missing, 5; enlisted men killed, 27; enlisted men wounded, 84; enlisted men missing, 135; total, 262. Among the killed I have to lament the loss of Captain Goulding and Lieutenant Miller, of my staff. They died bravely in the discharge of their duty. I had prepared a map of the road shover which the First Division marched, but unfortunately it was lost with Captain Goulding, my inspector. The brigades of this division marched, I believe, some 300 or 400 miles farther than the rest of the corps, and came into Macon in good condition. No other cavalry expedition of the war can compare in magnitude with this one, marching over almost impassable roads, through a country so barren that it afforded no sustenance for man or beast, far away from support or supplies, carrying fortifications by assault, and fighting all the time. The soldiers and officers have shown a patience, fortitude, and courage, a cheerfulness under trials, and determination i overcoming all obstacles that has been rarely equaled and never surpassed. I inclose reports of my subordinate commanders, and refer the commanding to them for details.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. MCCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

Numbers 8. Report of Brigadier General John T. Croxton, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations March 22-May 1.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Macon, Ga., May [--], 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the 22nd of March my command of 65 officers and 1,734 enlisted men, mounted and equipped for line of battle, started Chickasaw, Ala., on the late campaign. By hard work in procuring horses from other commands, and by taking

