
battalion. The next day they were reported in force at Levyville, with infantry, cavalry, and artillery, and marching in the direction of Newnansville. I directed Captain Dickinson, of the Second Florida Cavalry, who had just returned from a most successful raid east of the Saint Johns's, to endeavor to get in the rear,, and concentrated as large a force as I could at Newnansville. The enemy meeting, perhaps, more opposition than they had anticipated, fell back, and were followed by Captain Dickison, who attacked them on the mainland, near Cedar Keys; and though his force was outnumbered by the enemy by more than five to one, the enemy retreated to Cedar Keys, after a sharp skirmish, leaving a portion of their dead on the field. Captain Dickison reports that he killed and wounded between sixty and seventy and captured a few, with very slight loss on his part. I have heretofore frequently had occasion to report the gallant and valuable services of Captain Dickison and his command and to present the captain, as I do now, to the favorable notice of the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Charleston.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain John J. Dickison, Second Florida Cavalry, commanding South Florida Forces.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTH FLORIDA FORCES,Camp Baker, February 18, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following statement of an engagement with the enemy at Numbers 4, on the morning of the 13th instant:

On the evening of 9th instant, the day upon which I returned from an expedition on the east side of the Saint John's, I received intelligence that the enemy, in large force, had emerged from cover of their vessels of war at Cedar Keys, and were advancing rapidly into the interior. Simultaneous with the reception of the above intelligence, a report, which i then deemed correct, but which subsequently proved incorrect, reached me to the enemy was again making demonstrations in the direction of the Saint John's. This report prevented me from marching in the direction of Levyville until the following morning, when, with about ninety of my cavalry, consisting of fifty-two men of Company H, Second Florida, commanded by Lieutenants McCardell and McEaddy; Company B of same regiment, with eighteen men, commanded by Lieutenants McLeod and Stephens; Company H Fifth Battalion, commanded by Lieutenants Haynes, Brantley, and Haile, with twenty men; also Captain Lutterloh, of Special Battalion, with eighteen men, and the following detachments of State troops, commanded by Captain King, Dudley, Prince, and Waterson, with about thirty-seven men-making the whole 145 men, but only 120 were actually engaged, the remaining number being on picket and holding horses-with one piece of artillery, I started in pursuit of the abouts of the enemy. Not receiving any positive information as to the precise where abouts of the enemy, and my horses being very much jaded, and my

