
or Mobile was the destination. April 11, moved to Wyndham's Springs, where I learned that all the boats on the river had been destroyed, rendering it necessary for us to move farther north in order to effect a crossing of the Warrior, which, as well as its tributaries, was greatly swollen. April 12, moved by the Jasper road to Wolf Creek, finding it impassable. April 13, marched around the head of Wolf Creek. April 14, crossed Lost Creek at Holly Grove and marched to Comack's Mills, on the Blackwater, finding the stream swimming and half the bridge down. This we rebuilt in two hours, and that night camped within four miles of Sipsey Fork of the Black Warrior. April 15, began crossing Sipsey Fork at Calloway's and Lindsey's Ferries, having no means of crossing men and equipments but in canoes and the horses by swimming. April 17, all were over, and marching via Arkadelphia we struck the Mulberry Fork at Hanby's Mills, finding no boats, but a few canoes with which we began crossing, and were over by sundown next day (19th), all the command except the Eighth Iowa encamping at Mount Pinson, fourteen miles north of Elyton. Here I learned that the corps had taken Montgomery and gone east. Destroyed the foundry and niter-works near Mount Pinson. April 20, moved via Trussville and Cedar Grove; thence three miles on the Montevallo road, to make the impression that we were going that way. April 21, moved toward Talladega, sending the Fourth Kentucky (mounted) Infantry ahead before daybreak to seize the boats at Truss' and Collins' Ferries, on Coosa River, which they did, driving out a force of about seventy rebels and encamping at that place. April 23, learning that Hill's brigade was between Talladega and Blue Mountain, I moved in that direction, finding him in position at Munford's Station, ten miles from Talladega, with 500 men and one piece of artillery. Attacked and routed him, capturing his artillery and a number of prisoners, and scattering the force in the woods. Destroyed the Oxford and Blue Mountain Iron-Works, the railroad bridges and depots to Blue Mountain, at which place we encamped, destroying the depots, rolling-stock, and a quantity of ordnance stores. April 24, sent the Eighth Iowa via Jacksonville and moved via Oxford and Daviston, where the Eighth Iowa rejoined us, burning a large cotton factory, and encamping at Bell's Bridge, on the Tallapoosa. April 25, marched through Arbacoochee and Bowdon and encamped near Carrollton, Ga. April 26, marched through Carrollton to the Chattachoochee at Moore's and Reese's Ferries, and by 8 o'clock of the next morning had crossed the river. April 27, marched via Newnan to near Flat Shoals. At the Chattahoochee a flag of truce from the commanding officer at Newnan informed me of the armistice and claimed protection under it. I informed them I could not recognize the information as official, but presuming it was true, would trouble nobody who kept out of my way, and would observe the armistice as far as foraging was concerned, but could not consent to discontinue my march. April 28, crossed Flint River at Flat Sholas and marched to near Barnesville. April 29, through Barnesville to Forsyth, sending Lieutenant Prather and Captain Walden, of my staff, by railroad to inform the brevet major-general commanding of my whereabouts, this being the first information he had received since my dispatch from Trion, March 31, which reached him at 9 a. m. on the following day, and about the same time one from Jackson

