
to Forrest, captured by General Upton, informing Forrest where I was, and that he (Jackson) was preparing to attack me at daylight on the 1st of April. April 30, marched through Forsyth and camped near Crawford's Station.

May 1, rejoined the corps at Macon, having been absent just one month, during which time I communicated with no Federal force, neither heard from any one nor (so far as heard) was heard from. During this time we marched 653 miles, most of time through a mountainous country so destitute of supplies that the command could be subsisted and foraged only by the greatest efforts, swimming four rivers, destroying 5 large iron-works (the last in the cotton States), 3 factories, numerous mills, immense quantities of supplies, capturing 4 pieces of artillery and several hundred small-arms, near 300 prisoners, rejoining the corps, the men in fine sprites and the animals in good condition, having lost in all but 4 officers and 168 men, half of the latter having been captured at various points while straggling from foraging parties and not in the line of duty. Throughout the long and arduous campaign, though often surrounded by perils, the spirits of the veterans never faltered. Officers and men vied with each other in the cheerful performance of their duty. I am especially under obligations to the regimental commanders-Colonels Dorr, Kelly, and Johnston, and Major Fidler and Captain Penn-for their hearty and earnest co-operation. To Lieutenant Prather, Fourth Indiana Cavalry, and aide to the general commanding the corps, I am obliged for his valuable services so cheerfully rendered. Captain Sutherland, assistant adjutant-general, was of great service to me until sent on a reconnaissance toward Columbus, from which he found it impossible to rejoin the command, and conducted his small command safely to Decatur, capturing prisoners nearly double in numbers to his detachment. To Captain Baker, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain Walden, provost-marshal, and Lieutenants Lusk and Kelley, aides-de-camp, I am under obligations for their zeal, activity, and efficiency in the execution of my orders. To Quartermaster Sergeant Walker and Commissary-Sergeant Wentworth I am indebted for invaluable services performed by them for the brigade in the absence of the officers of those departments of the staff.

I have the honor, major, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Major JOHN M. BACON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Cavalry Corps,

Military Division of the Mississippi.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 23, 1865.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: I have the honor to recommend the following-named officers for promotion as a reward for gallantry and meritorious service in the field during the late campaign:

Colonel O. H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, to be brigadier-general of volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel William W. Bradley, commanding Seventh Kentucky Cavalry, to be colonel by Brevet; Lieutenant Colonel Henry Harden, commanding First Wisconsin

