
Cavalry, to be colonel by brevet; Lieutenant Colonel Thomas W. Johnston, commanding Second Michigan Cavalry, to be colonel by brevet; Major W. H. Fidler, commanding Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet; Captain R. S. Hill, commanding Second Indiana Cavalry, to be major; Captain James M. McCown, Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, to be major by brevet; Captain Edmund Penn, Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, to be major by brevet; Captain Walter Whittemore, Second Michigan Cavalry, to be major by brevet.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., June 27, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded. Approved and strongly recommended.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

Numbers 9. Report of Captain William A. Sutherland, Assistant Adjutant-General, of operations March 29-April 10.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., April 12, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward, for the information of the general commanding, the following facts, viz:

On the 29th [30th] ultimo the First Brigade, First Cavalry Division, Brigadier General John T. Croxton commanding, was detached from the main cavalry column at Elyton with orders to proceed to Tuscaloosa, capture the place if possible, destroy the public buildings, and rejoin the column wherever practicable. The brigade moved toward Tuscaloosa on what is called the Huntsville road. At a point twenty-five miles this side of Tuscaloosa information was received that General Forrest was moving from that pint, by way of Scottsville and Centreville, toward Montevallo, and that Jackson with his division was then passing out of the road at a point three miles ahead. General Croxton at once pushed forward his column with the intention of striking Jackson on the flank could be made. During the night information was received that the enemy, hearing of our presence, had countermarched and was forming his lines for attack. Couriers were at once dispatched to General Wilson, who with Upton's and Long's divisions and La Grange's brigade, of McCook's division, had crossed the Cahawba River and driven Roddey from Montevallo, notifying him and Selma. During the night General Croxton quietly withdrew his command with the exception of the Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, under Major Fidler, which was left as a rear guard. This regiment was impetuously attacked by Jackson at daylight on the 31st, [April 1] but was skillfully withdrawn, with a loss of 2 commissioned officers and 36 men killed, wounded, and prisoners. Jackson did not follow up, but dispatched to Tuscaloosa that he had saved the place and proceeded toward Selma. It was subsequently ascertained that Forrest himself had not returned with Jackson, but had taken an escort of 200 men and pushed rapidly

