
toward Selma. As soon as General Croxton was free from Jackson he moved to Black Rock Shoals, on the Black Warrior, got possession of the ferry and crossed the river during the night of the 31st ultimo and the 1st of April [April 1 and 2]. The men and equipments were crossed in a flat, the horses driven into the river and compelled to swim. The crossing was successfully made with the loss of only three horses drowned. The command then moved on Tuscaloosa, arriving in front of the place about 10 p. m. of the 2nd [3rd]. A careful reconnaissance by General Croxton in person determined that fact that we were unexpected. The Second Michigan Cavalry, Colonel T. W. Johnston commanding, was dismounted and thrown quietly forward toward the bridge. The six pickets on duty at the end approached were surprised and captured. The planks in the center of the bridge, however, had been taken up, and in relaying these the alarm was given. The column, however, was pushed forward sufficiently far to cover all approaches to the bridge and prevent its recapture. Farther advance was not made, owing to the fact that the enemy had opened a very rapid fire of musketry from behind cotton bales in the streets. During the night the garrison of 300 cadets and 200 armed citizens withdrew. Our loss in the fighting, twenty-three killed and wounded, all from the Second Michigan Cavalry. We captured Colonel Hardcastle, commanding the post, 9 other commissioned officers, and 63 enlisted men; also three 6-pounder guns in good condition. The enemy's loss in killed and wounded not ascertained, but not supposed to be heavy.

On the 3rd [4th] the university buildings, all the factories, machine-shops, together with a large amount of bacon, corn, harness, fifty-odd wagons and ambulances, were destroyed. All private property was respected, and the soldiers were not permitted to enter houses. On the morning of the 4th [5th] the command moved out of Tuscaloosa, crossed the bridge and burned it, General Croxton intending to go toward Demopolis. As the column moved from town the general ordered Major Fidler, Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, to place at my disposal a company, and instructed me to move forward on what was called the North Columbus road, push across the Sipsey River, attack any outpost I might find, create the impression that the column was moving on Columbus, collect all the information possible, and rejoin him in the vicinity of Jones' Bluff on the Tombigbee. Company D, Captain Rogers, composed of two commissioned officers and twenty-five men, reported to me. With this force I proceeded toward Columbus, driving in the enemy's courier post, capturing two of his couriers, and ascertaining that there was not any force at that point. I attempted to rejoin the command by way of Cordo, Carrollton, and Bridgeville. At Cordo met with no opposition. At Carrollton Captain Rogers charged gallantly into town, capturing nine of General Wirt Adams' scouts. From there I ascertained that severe fighting had been going on all day between General Croxton and General Adams. After burning the court-house and commissary depot at Carrollton we proceeded toward Bridgeville, skirmishing and taking prisoners. Ascertaining that General Adams occupied Bridgeville we countermarched for King's Store. Here I received word from General Croxton that he had been attacked by Adams, but had driven him from his line of march, but that he would cross the river at once and could not wait for us. While at King's Store, on the 6th, we were attacked by force from Carrollton and Bridgeville and compelled to abandon our prisoners, then numbering 1 lieutenant and 36 men, eleven more than our numbers. Unable to rejoin the command, we made for Decatur. The company lost 1 man mortally wounded and 1 taken prisoner

