
at King's Store. On our march to Decatur we captured some ten men who had been in the Selma fight and escaped. Two belonged to Armstrong's brigade, of Chalmers' division, and the balance to Roddey. They all concurred in the report that Forrest was defeated at Selma by General Wilson on the 3rd [2nd], after a fight of some thirty minutes. Forrest himself was wounded in two places, on the head with a saber and a pistol shot through the left arm. His forces were scattered in all directions and could not be rallied. His forces consisted of Chalmers' division and Roddey's brigade. Forrest and Roddey escaped; Clamers said to be captured. General Wilson captured over 1,500 prisoners and all the artillery at Selma. The enemy lost heavily in killed and wounded and quite a number drowned. Forrest's troops were making their way to their homes in all directions and were without arms. Owing to the rapid march I was compelled to make returning and the great fatigue of the men nearly all the prisoners escaped. I arrived at Decatur April 10. I most respectfully ask that Captain Rogers' company be ordered to the cavalry depot at Edgefield, Tenn., from there to be sent to their command. The company is complete in its organization, well mounted and equipped, and General Croxton would dislike very much to have it remain absent any longer than possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. SUTHERLAND,

Captain and Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, First Cavalry Division.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 10. Report of Colonel Oscar H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations March 22-April 17.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 4, 1865.

MAJOR: I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of this brigade since leaving Chickasaw, March 22, 1865:

No incident occurred to break the monotony of marching and foraging until April 1, when the brigade marched through Randolph, via Centraville, to Scottsville, a distance of thirty-eight miles, for the purpose of uniting with the First Brigade, which had previously been ordered to Tuscaloosa. A battalion of the First Wisconsin, under Major Shipman, was moved at a trot from Randolph to Centreville; made the march of fifteen miles in two hours; drove out a rebel force of 150; captured fifteen prisoners, and secured the bridge which he was left to guard with his battalion. Information received from prisoners captured between Scottsville and Trion led the general commanding to believe that the First Brigade after a sharp skirmish had fallen back toward Elyton, and convinced him that the rebel force near Trion was more than double that of the Second Brigade. For these reasons he determined to order the brigade back via Centreville to rejoin the main column. A demonstration made on the morning of the 2nd by the Second and Fourth Indiana caused the enemy to display his force, which could not have been less than 3,000, while the brigade, having nine

