
companies detached, only numbered 1,200 men. In this skirmish the Second Indiana behaved handsomely, and from a strong position punished the enemy severely with a loss of only 1 man killed and 8 wounded, 6 of whom fell into the hands of the enemy. Captain R. S. Hill, commanding battalion, behaved with his usual gallantry, and though severely wounded in the early part of the engagement refused to leave the saddle until the fight was over. Lieutenants Moulton and Chase, of my staff, merit commendation for their conduct in this affair. After destroying the factory, mill, bridge, and niter-works the brigade marched to Centreville, crossed and burned the bridge over the Cahawba after a skirmish with a body of the enemy which attempted to cross. It moved thence via Plantersville to within eleven miles of Selma, where an order was received to return and bring in the wagon train, which was met near Randolph and escorted to Selma, arriving on the evening of the 6th. On the 7th the Fourth Kentucky was sent in the direction of Tuscaloosa to communicate with the First Brigade, and made a forced march to Centreville, where it was overtaken by a party sent twelve horse later from the Second Indiana and ordered to return. both detachments reached Selma on the evening of the 9th after a march of ninety miles. On the 10th the command left Selma and marched thirty miles, skirmishing a portion of the way with Clanton's brigade. On the 11th marched twenty-six miles and built two large bridges, skirmishing constantly with Clanton's brigade. On the morning of the 12th the brigade entered Montgomery, the Fourth Kentucky, Colonel Cooper, having taken possession at daylight after a slight skirmish with the enemy's rear guard. Colonel Cooper was placed in command of the post, and deserves high commendation for the manner in which he discharged the duties of that position. His command destroyed all public property before leaving the city, including three steam-boats with their cargoes captured by Major Weston, of the Fourth Kentucky. Within two miles of the city the Seventh Kentucky encountered 700 of the enemy under General Buford and drove them rapidly eight miles, capturing 3 stand of colors and 30 prisoners. In this affair Lieutenant Colonel William W. Bradley was severely wounded in the foot while charging at the head of his regiment. On the 14th the brigade (except the Fourth Kentucky and a detachment First Wisconsin, under Colonel Cooper, which rejoined the command at this point) moved on the Columbus road and made a running fight of thirty-eight miles with Clanton's brigade, killing 12 and capturing 100 prisoners, with a loss of 1 killed and 11 wounded. The First Wisconsin had the advance and behaved finely, driving the enemy by repeated charges from his rail barricades. On the 15th the brigade moved on the West Point road a distance of twenty-seven miles, after rebuilding the bridge across Ufoikee Creek, and camped at Auburn.

At 2 a. m. on the 16th the Second and Fourth Indiana, with one piece from the Eighteenth [Indiana] Battery, moved to West Point, captured a train of fourteen wagons on the way, and arrived at 10 a. m. within range of the guns of Fort Tyler, which is a remarkably strong earth-work, thirty-five yards square, surrounded by a ditch twelve feet wide and ten deep, situated on a commanding eminence and protected by an imperfect abatis. The Second Indiana was placed in a sheltered position within carbine-range, and ordered to begin the attack should re-enforcements for the enemy arrive on the opposite bank of the river, or an attempt be made to evacuate the fort. The Fourth Indiana was also securely posted, and the pieces of artillery amused the fort by a steady, well-directed fire until 1.30 p. m., when the remainder of the

