
brigade arrived. Detachments of the First Wisconsin, Second Indiana, and Seventh Kentucky advanced, dismounted, upon three sides of the fort, rapidly driving in the enemy's skirmishers, while the Fourth Indiana, seizing the proper moment, charged through the town, secured both bridges, scattered a force of the enemy's cavalry larger than its own, which had just arrived on the opposite bank, and captured and destroyed five engines with trains of cars. The grape from the 32-pounder, which was designed to cover the wagon bridge, fell short, and did no damage, except killing the horse of the colonel commanding brigade. As our dismounted men advanced upon the fort the enemy fired rapidly, but without effect, from two field pieces until silenced by our sharpshooters. Our battery replied with a most accurate fire. At a distance of 600 yards fourteen shots from one of our guns struck the 32-pounder planted in the fort. The ditch being found impassable, bridges were prepared and sharpshooters posted; and when the charge was sounded the three detachments, viewing with each other, rushed forward under a scathing fire, threw their bridges over the ditch, and entered the fort. Sergt. Ed. Farel, Company K, First Wisconsin, was first inside the work. Lieutenant S. E. Vosburg, Company A, same regiment, was killed on the embankment, and Lieutenant-Colonel Harden slightly wounded. Captain R. S. Hill, commanding Second Indiana Battalion, was dangerously wounded in the thigh within a few feet of the ditch while struggling with the abatis which impeded his column. He started on this campaign with a leave of absence in his pocket, and at the time of the attack was suffering from a wound received two weeks previous. No braver man or better soldier has worn a saber in this war. He deserves to command a brigade. The garrison at the time of the attack was composed of 265 desperate men, commanded by Brigadier-General Tyler; 18, including the general commanding, 2 captains, and 1 lieutenant, were killed, and 28 seriously wounded, mostly shot through the head; 218 were held as prisoners. At this point 2 field pieces, one 32-pounder siege gun, and 500 stand of small-arms were captured; 19 engines and 340 cars, loaded with quartermaster's and commissary stores, machinery from factories, leather, osnaburgs, &amp;c., were destroyed. Both bridges were burned. Sixteen of the enemy were paroled to nurse the wounded who were left in charge of the Confederate surgeons. Our loss was 7 killed and 29 wounded. Seven hogsheads of sugar, 2,000 sacks of corn, 10,000 pounds of bacon and other stores were left in charge of the mayor to provide a hospital fund for both parties, with instructions to distribute any excess among the poor. On the 17th the brigade resumed its march toward Macon, passing through La Grange, cutting the railroad at that point, also the Macon and Atlanta road at Griffin and Forsyth. It would have reached Macon at noon on the 20th had it not been delayed by orders to wait for the detachment under Colonel Cooper, which came via Columbus, and had much farther to march. The results of the campaign may be summed up as follows: a march of 500 miles through an enemy's country, the capture of 456 prisoners with arms in their hands, including 35 officers, 7 battle-flags, 21,300 stand of small-arms, 2 siege guns in position, 6 field pieces, 3 steam-boats ladened with stores, 20 locomotives, 350 cars loaded with stores and machinery, and enough horses and mules to replace those broken down by the march; the destruction of 8 railroad depots, store-houses, water-tanks, &c., 3 railroad and 2 covered bridges and innumerable smaller bridges and culverts, 3 large cotton factories, saddle factory, niter-works, tanneries, 3 foundries, 2 machine-shops, 2 rolling-mills, and a large number of

