
officers and men fatigued from being in the saddle for then days and nights, we marched until we reached a point about five miles east of Levyville. There I ascertained, by dispatching an advance guard, charged with the duty of following immediately in the wake of the enemy, who was then retreating toward Numbers 4. where he had reached and was lodged, as he thought, securely in his stronghold. Early after the dawn of day, in the morning of the 13th instant, I again took up the line of march, and at 7 a. m. the picket of the enemy fired upon my advance while near the Florida Railroad, at a point near the burnt houses known as the Geiger house.

The engagement soon became general, and lasted for about three hours and a half, during which time time the enemy was defeated at all points; and the entire force, numbering about 600 in all, would have been slaughtered or captured but for the fact that ammunition for my artillery and some small-arms was entirely exhausted. The enemy occupied a position decidedly superior to that of ours, and although there was a disparity of numbers, in the ration five to one, the valor and intrepidity and superior prowess of my command caused the enemy to be defeated. Immediately after I fell back, induced as I have stated above, by the lack of ammunition, and likewise on account of the fact that heavy re-enforcements had reached the enemy from Cedar Keys, he left the field of battle precipitately, leaving a portion of the dead and much plunder upon the field. With the loss of five men wounded, none mortally, we drove the enemy to Cedar Keys, Killing, wounding and capturing about seventy of his number, recapturing all of the cattle, horse, wagons, &amp;c., which they wagons, &c., which they had stolen in their thieving expedition from the citizens in the vicinity of his line of march, al of which has ben returned to their proper owners. I desire to make special mention of the gallant and good conduct displayed by Lieutenant T. J. Bruton, commanding artillery, and the men of his command. Their conduct upon the field, under the most trying circumstances, was all that I could have desired. Sergeant Cox, of Company H, Second Florida Cavalry (acting adjutant), was conspicuous for his gallantry, and is entitled to the highest commendation for the efficient services rendered by him. Indeed, the entire command, bot officers and men, behaved in such a manner, as to entirely them tot he thanks of their commanding officer and the plaudits of their countrymen.

I have the honor, major, to be your obedient servant,

J. J. DICKISON,

Captain, Commanding South Florida Forces.

Major H. C. GOLDTHWAITE,

Asst. Adjt. General Hdqrs. District of Florida, Tallahassee.

FEBRUARY 15-16, 1865.-Scout from Nashville on the Nolensville Pike, Tenn.

Report of Captain Robert H. Clinton, Tenth Tennessee Infantry.

NASHVILLE, TENN., February 17, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders received from Major-General Rousseau, on the 15th of February, at 11 a. m., I proceeded with a force of thirty men (Captain Poston's com

