
smaller manufacturing establishments. Where it was possible, provisions captured from the enemy were given to the poor. The casualties in the brigade are 10 killed, 64 wounded, and 16 missing. The brigade did all that it was ordered to doubt considering the nature of the expedition, the temptations offered, and the injuries many of our men had previously received as prisoners, I have less pride in what was accomplished than in what was omitted. The steadiness, valor, and self-denial of the men are beyond my praise. It gives me pleasure to acknowledge my great obligations to regimental commanders and to the several members of my staff.

I remain, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. H. LA GRANGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major J. M. BACON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Cavalry Corps,

Military Division of the Mississippi.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Macon, Ga., April 25, 1865.

Major JOHN M. BACON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the following trophies captured on the march from Chickasaw to this point:

1. The Palmetto flag carries by Byford's (rebel) brigade, captured by Seventh Kentucky in a gallant charge against double its number near Montgomery, Ala., April 12, 1865.

2. Colors (blue silk with inscriptions) of Clanton's (Alabama) brigade captured by Second Indiana near Montgomery, Ala., April 12, 1865.

3. U. S. garrison flag (inscription Montgomery True Blue), captured by detachment of Seventh Kentucky Cavalry in skirmish near Montgomery, Ala., April 13, 1865.

4. Two U. S. flags (regimental colors) captured by enemy (Tyler's brigade) near Etowah Creek, Ga., recaptured by Seventh Kentucky at Fort Tyler, Ga., April 16, 1865.

5. Flag of Dixie Rangers captured by detachment of Fourth Indiana Cavalry in skirmish near Barnesville, Ga., April 19, 1865.

6. The garrison flag of Fort Tyler at West Point, Ga., by detachment of First Wisconsin, Second Indiana, and Seventh Kentucky, April 16, 1865. The First Wisconsin was first inside the fort and lost twice as many men as both the other detachments. I therefore respectfully request as an evidence of appreciation of the conduct of the regiment and as a personal favor to myself that the flag be returned to the regimental commander with permission to send it to the Governor of Wisconsin to be placed in the State capitol among the trophies forwarded by other regiments. No other trophy has ever been asked for by the regiment and no regiment from the State has captured a greater number. Other trophies, as arms, horses, &amp;c., captured by the brigade have, in accordance with established usages in the cavalry, been appropriated by the captors.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. H. LA GRANGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

