
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,Macon, April 27, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

One flag not enumerated in this communication is also sent. it is the flag of the Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, recaptured from the enemy near West Point. If consistent with the good of the service, I would most respectfully recommend that the request of Colonel La Grange, "to have the garrison flag of Fort tyler returned to him in order that he may send it to his State," be granted.

E. M. MCCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Numbers 11. Report of Captain Joseph B. Williams, Second Indiana Cavalry, of operations April 1-16.
HEADQUARTERS BATTALION SECOND INDIANA CAVALRY,Near Macon, Ga., May 1, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Indiana Cavalry in the campaign from Chickasaw, Ala., to this place:

Nothing of importance occurred during the march until the 1st day of April, when we left the main Selma road and moved on the Centerville and Tuscaloosa road in order to find the whereabouts of General Croxton, if possible. Met the enemy at Centerville. The First Wisconsin fired a few shots. The Second Indiana Cavalry on the 2nd day of April moved out from camp at Scottsville; encountered a brigade of the rebels about four miles from that place. Company D, under command of Captain J. B. Williams, was ordered in the advance. After the rebel pickets were driven in Company C, under command of Lieutenant Asa S. Smith, was sent forward to re-enforce Company D. The rebels made a feint on the extreme right and front of Company D, skirmishing lively, at the same time sending a column of dismounted men on the left to flank and endeavor to capture the company. Lieutenant Smith coming up at this time charged the left and repulsed the enemy. Companies D and C were then ordered to fall back, which they did in comparatively good order. Companies A and B of the regiment were drawn up as a support on the right of the road, and as the enemy charged up through the woods they met with a checkmate in those two companies, and were handsomely turned back. The regiment was then ordered to fall back in good order, which it did. In this engagement, which lasted about half an hour, the loss on our side was Lieutenant A. S. Smith, killed; Sergeant Frazee, Sergeant Stevens, Corporal Harter, Privates Tidd, Williams, and Phillips, prisoners; Private Robert C. Craig, wounded severely in the left arm; Captain R. S. Hill, slightly wounded in right thigh. From Scottsville the regiment moved back with the balance of the brigade to the wagon train and brought it into Selma. Left Selma on the 9th instant, crossed Alabama River. April 10, moved out on Montgomery road. The regiment did no fighting until near Benton, when the battalion, under charge of Captain R. S. Hill, charged down the road after the rebels, but unfortunately took the wrong direction and ran into a

