
swampy creek, in which Captain Goulding was drowned. The battalion took no part in the fighting from that time until near Tuskegee; the battalion was then divided. Captain Ferrier with two companies took a right-hand road in order to flank the enemy. The remaining two companies, under Captain Williams, went round to the right to cross a small bridge over the swamp. Charged and drove the few rebels to within three miles of Tuskegee; went into camp. April 16, Second Indiana and Fourth Indiana Cavalry left Auburn at 2 a. m., Second Indiana in advance. Came upon the enemy's pickets near Opelika; drove them in, passed through the town, drove the rebels through Cusseta, captured a portion of a wagon train; arrived near West Point, and threw out skirmishers; waited for the balance of the brigade. At 3 o'clock the Second Indiana Cavalry, with one battalion of the First Wisconsin and one company of the Seventh Kentucky, charged the fort at West Point. The Second Indiana was among the first in the fort and captured the rebel colors. In this fight the Second Indiana Cavalry lost Captain R. S. Hill and 14 enlisted men wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. WILLIAMS,

Captain, Commanding Battalion Second Indiana Cavalry.

Lieutenant DANIEL S. MOULTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 12. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Horace P. Lamson, Fourth Indiana Cavalry, of operations April 14-21.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH INDIANA CAVALRY,Near Macon, Ga., May 1, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders received this day, I have the honor to report that this regiment marched from Montgomery, Ala., on the morning of the 14th of April, taking the Mount Meigs or Columbus road. Another regiment (Frist Wisconsin Cavalry being in advance, no part was taken in the running fight of the day. On the 15th were in advance of the brigade. Passed through Tuskegee, Ala., at an early hour, but were delayed a short time a few miles east of the place in consequence of a bridge having been burned by the enemy. No other attempt was made by them, however, to check the column. Two companies were sent out with orders to destroy some mills and bridges on the Tallapoosa River, but meeting a superior force were compelled to rejoin the command at Auburn, Ala., where it was encamped. At 2 o'clock on the following morning the best mounted men of the regiment, in company with those of the Second Indiana Cavalry, marched for West Point, which was found to be defended by artillery and infantry in a well-constructed fort or earth-work. The regiment charged into the town under the fire of the enemy's guns, secured the turnpike and railroad bridges, two or three trains of cars, and several locomotives. The position thus obtained prevented re-enforcements being sent from the east side of the Chattahoochee River to the garrison of the fort, which after a short but sharp contest surrendered to the remainder of the brigade. Marched from West Point at 12 m. on

