
the 17th and arrived at this place on the morning of the 21st, no organized force of the enemy being encountered on the road.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. LAMSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourth Indiana Cavalry.

Lieutenant DANIEL S. MOULTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, First Cav. Div.,

Military Division of the Mississippi.

Numbers 13. Report of Colonel Wickliffe Cooper, Fourth Kentucky Cavalry, of operations March 22-April 20.
HDQRS. FOURTH KENTUCKY VETERAN CAVALRY VOLS.,Near Macon, Ga., May 3, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment since leaving Chickasaw, Ala., March 22, until its arrival at Macon, Ga., April 20, 1865.

The regiment marched from Chickasaw on the 22nd of March, but nothing of particular interest occurred until the 31st of March, when I received orders from you to destroy the depot buildings, &amp;c., at Ashbyville, which was done, the buildings containing about 100 bales of cotton, a large quantity of dressed building and bridge timber, coal, coke, &c. On the 1st of April Captain Cooper, Company F, destroyed the bridge over Catoosa River, three miles from Scottsville, Ala. On the same day a detachment of the regiment, under command of Lieutenant William Foster, destroyed Sloan's Ferry, on the Cahawba River, twelve miles above Centerville. On the 7th of April I was ordered to open communications with Brigadier-General Wilson for instructions, and was ordered to open communications with Brigadier-General Croxton, then on the north of the Cahawba River. The regiment left Slema that night at 10 o'clock and marched rapidly until 6 p. m., going into camp six miles from Centervile. At daylight on the 9th was overtaken by couriers and ordered to return, which I did, reaching Selma at 8 p. m., having marched eighty-six miles. On the 11th of April I was ordered to report with my command to the general commanding the division for instructions, and acting under orders from him marched about three miles to the right of the command, and secured the Pensacola Railroad bridge across Catoma Creek, five miles from Montgomery. I received orders from division headquarters that night to cross the creek at daylight and push into the city, capturing 23 prisoners, 3 field pieces, and 1 siege gun, also a considerable amount of commissary and hospital stores. The standard of the regiment was planted in the front of the capitol of Alabama at 4.40 on the morning of the 12th of April. On the 13th of April Major John F. Weston, acting under instructions from General Wilson, captured and brought to Montgomery 3 steam-boats loaded with cotton, bacon, salt, and corn. Before capturing the boats Major Weston had heavy skirmish with the Eighth Confederate Cavalry, driving them from their camp. He and the officers and men of his detachment deserve high commendation for their skill, energy, and gallantry. During the occupation of Montgomery the colonel of this regiment was post commander, the provost guard consisting of the

28 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

