
Fourth Kentucky Cavalry, a detachment of the First Wisconsin Cavalry, Major Shipman commanding, and a detachment of the Third Iowa. The good order preserved during our stay was a subject of remark and congratulation by the citizens. Upon leaving the city my command, acting under orders from Brigadier General E. M. McCook, destroyed the following property: Three steam-boats; Montgomery Arsenal, containing 20,000 stand of small-arms; 1 foundry and molding shop with contents; 1 locomotive; 20 pontoons; niter-works and contents; cartwheel foundry and contents; Pensacola and West Point Railroad depots and contents, and 20 cars and machine-shop containing 4 unfinished cars. On the 18th of April a detachment of the regiment, under command of Lieutenant W. W. Chalfin, Company K, destroyed at Troy, Ga., 3 grist-mills; 1 Government saddle and harness manufactory; 1 large tannery and contents, and 2 large warehouses containing 500 bales of cotton. The command rejoined the brigade at this place on the 21st ultimo. A report of casualties has already been sent to brigade headquarters.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully,

WICKLIFFE COOPER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant D. S. MOULTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, First Div., Cav. Corps,

Military Division of the Mississippi.

Numbers 14. Report of Major Andrew S. Bloom, Seventh Kentucky Cavalry, of operations April 12-20.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH KENTUCKY CAVALRY,Near Macon, Ga., May 2, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make a report of the action taken by the Seventh Kentucky Cavalry in the campaign from Montgomery, Ala., to this place:

On the 12th of April the Seventh Kentucky Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel W. W. Bradley commanding, marched on the Columbus road from Montgomery, when he discovered the enemy's pickets stationed about one mile from the city. Lieutenant-Colonel Bradley was ordered with two companies Seventh Kentucky Cavalry to charge. The order was complied with, and after charging about three miles we met the enemy in considerable force, dismounted and behind a barricade. They resisted our advance, and after a sharp skirmish they fell back about two miles, when the regiment joined the advance. We met and drove them again. Here Lieutenant Colonel W. W. Bradley was wounded in the foot. I then assumed command, repulsed and drove the enemy about five miles farther, they in the meantime making several desperate stands. In consequence of the exhaustion of the men and horses I was ordered to withdraw. I halted and formed the regiment in line, threw out skirmishers, and remained until ordered into camp near by. During the charge the regiment captured 3 stand of colors, 2 Confederate and 1 United States. I lost 2 men wounded, 1 mortally, the other slightly. Several of the enemy were killed and wounded and several taken prisoners. Many arms and accouterments were captured, which were destroyed. The regimental remained in camp at this place until the 14th,

