
when I received orders to march out on the Columbus road. Nothing of any consequence occurred until the morning of the 16th, then at auburn, Ala., Where I received orders to march out on the road leading to West Point. On arriving within one mile of West Point I was ordered to prepare to fight on foot. I dismounted and formed the regiment in line with as much alacrity as possible, and was directed to move on rapidly across the fields toward the forward engage the enemy on the right. While crossing the fields the enemy threw shells from the fort at my lines in rapid succession, the most of which passed over without effect. When we got within fifty yards of the fort I ordered the men to commence firing, which was done with effect. Immediately afterward I placed sharpshooters near the fort, which had a telling effect, completely silencing a large piece of artillery in position on the right of the fort which was throwing grape and canister at the mounted cavalry near the bridge. After a fight raging furiously for over two hours I was directed to prepare to charge the fort. I ordered the men to prepare themselves with boards of sufficient length to enable them to cross the outer ditch. This being done and everything ready, the brigade bugle sounded the charge, which was promptly repeated by my bugler. My men obeyed the charge nobly, and went charging with a determination to go over the fort. The men crossed the deep ditch around the fort on boards, climbed the parapets, and went over into the fort, capturing two stand of U. S. colors which had been previously captured by the enemy, and assisted in capturing its garrison. During the sharp engagement I lost Second Lieutenant A. Y. Culton, Company I, slightly wounded, and 2 enlisted men wounded slightly. We resumed our march on the evening of the 17th of April. Nothing of any importance occurred to the arrival to this place.

I am, lieutenant, your very obedient servant,

A. S. BLOOM,

Major, Commanding Seventh Kentucky Cavalry.

Lieutenant DANIEL S. MOULTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, First Cavalry Division.

Numbers 15. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Harnden, First Wisconsin Cavalry, of operations March 22-April 21.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST WISCONSIN CAVALRY,Near Macon, Ga., May 1, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report in obedience to circular of May 1:

At 6 o'clock upon the morning of the 22nd of March, 1865, we left Chickasaw, Ala., took up our line of march through the northern part of Alabama, passing through Frankfort, Russellville, Jasper, Elyton, and Montevallo. Upon the 1st day of April the Second Brigade was detached from the main column and struck off the right, the first Wisconsin in advance; had a slight skirmish with a small party of the enemy's scouts upon a branch of the Selma and Talladega Railroad. Company L was immediately sent in pursuit, and Company M ordered to the front as advance guard. At Randolph Major Shipman, with the Second Battalion, and Company M for advance guard, was sent forward to Centreville, while the balance of the brigade followed slowly.

