
He charge through the town, routing about 200 of the enemy and capturing 15 prisoners; then crossed the bridge and threw a barricade across the road leading to Tuscaloosa. The brigade arrived at Centerville about noon, halted an hour, then moved out upon the Tuscaloosa road to Scottsville, and encamped for the night. The next day fell back toward Selma, where we arrived upon the 6th day of April, having marched the distance of 182 miles and laid in camp one day since the 1st day of April. Resumed march from Selma upon the 10th. Just at night the First Wisconsin was ordered to the front to relieve the Seventh Kentucky, who were in the advance and had skirmished all day. Captain Town was then sent out in advance with Companies A and B, routed the enemy and pursued them to Lowndesborough, capturing the commissary of the Seventh Alabama Cavalry, when, owing to the fatigue of the horses, he abandoned the pursuit and returned to the regiment, which had gone into camp after marching thirty miles, six of them through and almost impassable swamp. Meanwhile Captain Martin with the Third Battalion was hard at work extricating the battery which had stuck in the swamp. Entered Montgomery at 9 o'clock upon the morning of the 12th. Were fired upon by the enemy before we were out of sight of the State-house. The Seventh Kentucky charged, while Lieutenant-Colonel Harnden with the First Battalion supported them. The rout of the enemy was complete. We drove them ten miles and went into camp. Company A was sent out just at night under command of Lieutenant Hewitt to burn the railroad depot near Mount Meigs. Their object being accomplished, they returned, bringing in Lieutenant Charles, adjutant of the Seventh Alabama Cavalry, whom they captured at Mount Meigs. Major Shipman with the Second Battalion was detached to garrison Montgomery. Early upon the morning of the 14th we again took up our lines of march upon the Columbus road, First Wisconsin in advance. When about three miles out we encountered the enemy in considerable force behind barricades of rails, charged and put them to fight, pursuing them so hotly that they hardly had time to form behind the barricades, which were already built, before we were upon them. At one or two places they made stubborn resistance, but it availed them nothing. We fought them a running fight of forty miles, capturing over 100 prisoners. Our loss was 1 killed and 7 wounded; among the latter was Lieutenant Ackley. Upon the 15th passed through Tuskegee and left the main road about ten miles from there, and pushed on toward West Point, where we arrived about noon upon the 16th. About 200 of the regiment under command of Captain Stillman were supporting the battery. Major Shipman with one battalion of the best mounted men was away at Montgomery. Captain Stewart and Lieutenant Chambers, with a detail of fifty men each, were out after horses, and took the road to Columbus. The balance of the regiment, only a portion of the First and Third Battalions, was immediately dismounted and sent forward to storm Fort Tyler in conjunction with the Second Indiana and Seventh Kentucky. The First Wisconsin was the first to reach the works, where they lay for several minutes within ten feet of the enemy. Finally the other regiments got a footing upon the works, then the fort surrendered. Sergeant Nicholas, Company D, and Sergeant Langdon, Company B, cut down the flag-staff, the flag falling upon the outside. Lieutenant Vosburg was killed upon the works. Our loss was 7 killed and 14 wounded; among the latter was Lieutenant-Colonel Harnden. Upon the 17th we marched

