
for Macon, where we arrived early upon the 21st, and have lain in camp ever since that time, having marched 228 miles, fighting most of the way, between the 10th and 21st of April.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY HARNDEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant D. S. MOULTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 16. Report of Brigadier General Eli Long, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations March 22-April 2.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Selma, Ala., April 7, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my division from the time of leaving Chickasaw, Ala., on the 22nd day of March, until the capture of Selma, Ala., on the 2nd day of April:

On the morning of the 22nd of March my command moved from Chickasaw, the train having preceded it two days. My progress was delayed by the pontoon train, which was placed under my charge, and the excessive badness of the road that we were forced to travel. My division arrived at Montevallo on the 31st of March, having crossed Buzzard Roost Mountain, forded the deep and rapid waters of the Black and Little Warrior, and crossed the Cahawba on a narrow railroad bridge. At Montevallo I found the Fourth Division was a few miles in advance and skirmishing with the enemy. I went into camp near the town. On the morning of the 1st of April I moved out on the main Selma road and struck the enemy near Randolph, and commenced skirmishing with him. The Seventy-second Indiana Volunteers were in the advance, and four companies were ordered forward and instructed to press the enemy vigorously, and charge them whenever they attempted to stand. Skirmished briskly until the enemy reached Ebenezer Church, six miles north of Plantersville, where they were found in force and seemingly determined on making a stand. The remained of the Seventy-second Indiana was brought forward, dismounted, and formed on the left of the road. The enemy's lines were soon broken, and a charge was made by four companies of the Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers with sabers under Lieutenant Colonel Frank White. They charged over a mile, cutting through the enemy's lines, and reaching their artillery (four pieces), which had been firing on them heavily as they advanced. Our charging force being much scattered, and a second and stronger line of battle confronting them and pouring a heavy fire upon them, they were forced to turn to the left and cut their way out, resulting in the loss, however, of Captain Taylor and 16 men, who charged through and were either killed or fell into the enemy's hands. The enemy commenced falling back immediately, and the Fourth Division striking them on the left they fled in confusion, leaving three pieces of artillery in our hands, also a number of prisoners. They succeeded in carrying off most of their killed and wounded. Lieutenant Colonel Frank White, Seventeenth Indiana

