
Volunteers, distinguished himself greatly by his gallantry in this action. No further opposition was me that evening, and I went into camp at Plantersville.

On the morning of the 2nd of April I moved at 6 a. m. on the main Selma road, meeting with but little resistance. When within six miles of the city, I moved to the right, taking the Summerfield and Selma road, and at 3 p. m. the head of the column arrived in front of the works on the southwest side of the city. My command was at once dismounted, taking position on the right and left of the road. During this time I was engaged in a personal inspection of the enemy's works with a view of learning, if possible, their relative strength and position. While my lines were forming the enemy kept up a rapid firing with his artillery, which, although well directed, did but little damage. A short time before the formation was completed I addressed a note to Major E. B. Beaumout, assistant adjutant-general, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, stating that I thought that it was most too large an undertaking for one division alone to assault the works in my front, but that if General Upon, who was just coming with his division into position on my left on the main Selma road, would leave a thin line of skirmishers in his front and place his division in rear of mine that I would lead with my division in the assault. At this time the brevet major-general commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, rode up, who first agreed to this proposition, as I understood, but afterward changed his mind, and stated that he would have General Upon, as soon as he got into position, push forward on the left at a signal gun from his battery, at which time I must also advance with my division. About this time frequent reports were brought to me that there was a force of rebel cavalry, estimated from 500 to 1,000 men, skirmishing with my rear and firing into the pack, stock, and led animals, and threatening to make an attack in force. Fearing that some confusion would result among the led animals by this attack in my rear, and the enemy gaining strength in my front every moment, I determined to make the assault at once without any further delay or waiting for the signal gun on the left. I moved forward at 5 p. m., my entire line advancing promptly, and in less than twenty-five minutes after the command to advance had been given the works were ours. The works carried consisted of a heavy line thickens at the base, with a ditch in front party filled by water, four feet in width and five feet deep, and in front of this a stockade or picket of heavy posts planted firmly in the ground, five feet high, and sharpened at the top. Four heavy forts with artillery in position also covered there ground over which the men advanced. The ground was rough, and a deep ravine had to be passed before the works could be reached. The men fully understood the difficulties before them. There was no flinching; all seemed confident of their ability to overcome them. As soon as we uncovered the hill about 600 yards from the earth-works the enemy opened a rapid and destructive fire of musketry and artillery on the line, but we moved forward steadily until within short range, when a rapid fire was opened by our Spencers, and with a cheer the men started for the works on a run, sweeping forward in solid line over fences and ravine, scaling the stockade and on the works with resistless force, the enemy fighting stubbornly, many of them clubbing their guns, but forced to retreat in the greatest disorder, our men continuing in pursuit through the city, and taking many prisoners. The troops confronting me behind the breast-works were composed of a portion of

