
pany, Fourteenth Tennessee Cavalry) on the Nolensville pike, in search of certain guerrillas,who were committing depredations on and in the vicinity of that road. Some ten miles from town I received information from citizens coming into market that there were three bushwhackers at the next toll-gate, which was fourteen miles from the city. Having hear while out on a scout a few days previous that they were in the habit of resorting to this toll-gate, and knowing the impossibility of reaching it without being seen at some distance, I used the expedient of pressing two country wagons, dismounting eight men, and placing four in each wagon, I getting into the foremost one; then pulling the covers close down so as to entirely the men, I ordered the foremost wagon to drive up to the gate as though he was going to pay toll . I had previously given orders to the men not to fire unless they were fired upon or unless they could not halt any one who would run away from the house. As soon as the wagon halted two men came to the door and I sprang up. One of the men in a very rough manner asked me, "What do you want here?" I asked him who he was. In reply he told me that I could not come into the house, and immediately ran into the house, slamming the door after him. I jumped out of the wagon and ran too the door, forcing it open and calling to him to halt and not run or he would be shot, but before I could force the door and get through the house he had made his way out into the back yard and was running off through the corn-field. The men halted him several times, but he paid no attention to them. By the time I reached the back yards the men fired on him, and, I am sorry to say, killed him. I do not think, taking all the circumstances into consideration, that the command can be blamed for his death, for the innocent are brave as a lion, but the guilty flee from their shadow. Be that as it may, his death was a circumstance to be regretted and no one regrets it more than I do, and an article published in this morning's Dispatch stating that his life was threatened by one of the men, is entirely false and without foundation, as is, in fact, the whole article published by that paper in regard to the scout and its proceedings.

After leaving the toll-gate about one mile, we discovered a man riding up the road toward us; upon reaching the hill he saw us and immediately wheeled his horse around and galloped off. I followed in full chase, ordering the men to keep up; on rising a little knoll we discovered three guerrillas about 150 yards in advance; they wheeled their horses to the left and made for a cedar thicket but we were too close upon them for any concealment and they were obliged to run, but they were no match for the old Fourteenth. We forced one of them in running 100 yards to abandon his horse; I called to some of the men behind me to take care of him and proceeded on after the other two, followed by the men as fast as their horses could carry them. After running about a mile and a half, one of the guerrillas' horses fell from exhaustion. I told the men to proceed on after the other and I would take care of the one that was down, but in the excitement they did not understand the order, I suppose. The one that fell rose, with his pistol in his hand, but was shot dead on the spot; the other made his escape, the horse of the dead man following him. We then returned to the main party that had been left under the command of Captain Poston. Learning that the one who had been dismounted had not been captured. I took ten men and deployed them through the thicket to search for him; in about fifty yards he was discovered by one of the men, who fired on him, wounding him in the hip; we then moved toward him

