
general; Captain w. W. Shoemaker, Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Henry Deering, Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant S. S. Culbertson, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, assistant commissary of musters, who were by my side and deported themselves during the whole fight with all the courage of true and gallant soldiers. Captain W. B. Gates, Third Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, provost-marshal; Captain J. N. Squire, Third Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain P. B. Lewis, Third Ohio volunteer cavalry, topographical engineer; Lieutenant J. B. Hayden, Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, acting commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant W. N. McDonald, One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Volunteers, ordnance officer, and Captain Hartranft, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding escort, were on duty in other portions of the field under the enemy's fire, and distinguished themselves for the faithful execution of their orders. For gallant services, Colonel A. O. Miller, Seventy-second Indiana Volunteers, commanding First Brigade (severely wounded); Colonel J. G. Vail, commanding Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan Biggs, commanding One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Volunteers (severely wounded); Lieutenant Colonel E. Kitchell, commanding Ninety-eighth Illinois Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel Frank White, Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers, and Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Dobb, Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry (killed in action). I would respectfully but most earnestly recommend Cols. A. O. Miller and R. H. G. Minty to the rank of brigadier-generals, the others to brevet brigadier-generals. To the surgeon-in-chief of the division, Frederick Corfe, much praise is due for his prompt attention to the wounded and his able administration of the medical department of the division. Major Archer, Third Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, acting assistant quartermaster; Lieutenant J. B. Patten, Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers; Lieutenant John Bennett, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, and the pioneers under their charge, are entitled to great credit for the successful manner in which the division and pontoon train were brought through, and for their untiring industry on all occasions; and the division is, in fact, mainly indebted to their individual exertions for the presence of the train with them at this time. To Captain T. W. Scott, Ninety-eighth Illinois Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general of the division, for his industry, energy, and sound judgment, and faithful performance of his manifold duties under all circumstances, I am greatly indebted, and would respectfully and most urgently recommend, as only a just recompense for his gallant service, that he receive the appointment of captain and assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, or that his services in some other manner be fittingly acknowledged by such promotion as can be granted him consistent with the interests of the service. Private Henry Prince, orderly, and Bugler Henry Bieble, Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, were with me during the entire action, and distinguished themselves by their coolness and bravery while in discharge of their duties. I regret to report the death of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Dobb, Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, and the other brave officers and men who fell upon the field of battle whose names will be found in the list of casualties here appended, but it is a proud and consoling thought, in the remembrance held of them by their friends, to know that they died a noble death, their faces to the enemy and battling for their country's cause. For

