
on the enemy's works at Selma, Ala., Brigadier-General Long, commanding the division, having been seriously wounded before we gained the breast-works. General Long's report includes the capture of Selma. I will, therefore, commence my report with our march from that place. April 8, at 4.10 p. m. I commenced crossing the Alabama River on the pontoon bridge, which had that moment ben completed, and had the entire division across by 7.25 p. m., notwithstanding the fact that the crossing had to be stopped three times in consequence of damage done to the bridge by drift-wood. I camped that night seven miles from Selma. April 10, marched at 1 p. m. in rear of the First and Fourth Divisions, having charge of the wagon and pontoon trains. This day I marched only eleven miles, having been delayed, first, by waiting for the other divisions to get out of my way, and next, by very bad roads, which I had to corduroy in some places for a distance of 200 or 300 yards. I camped at 11 p. m. two miles east of Benton. April 11, marched twelve miles to Big Swamp Creek, which I found impassable. I waited until 6 p. m. for the pontoon train, and then had to send two miles for planking, which I procured by pulling a barn to pieces. I had also to corduroy about half a mile of swamp road west of the creek. I got the last of the division over by 4.30 a. m. April 12, marched twenty-eight miles and camped within four miles of Montgomery. The first eight miles of this day's march was over roads which were impassable until they were corduroyed. On many occasions I had from 300 to 500 men at work carrying rails to build roads. April 13, marched eleven miles, passing through montgomery on the Columbus road. April 14, marched at 1 p. m. in rear of the First and Fourth Divisions, again having charge of the trains. Camped two miles east of the Capiahatchee Creek, having marched fourteen miles over very bad roads. April 15, marched at 4 a. m.; was delayed until 2 p. m. crossing a swamp about 300 yards wide. Marched twenty-two miles and camped two miles east of Tuskegee. On leaving Montgomery I detached one regiment (the Seventy-second Indiana (mounted) Infantry), with orders to destroy the Montgomery and West Point Railroad. Lieutenant-Colonel Thomson, commanding that regiment, reported having destroyed thirty-six culverts and bridges, together with a large quantity of bridge timber and the mills at which it had been cut. April 16, marched thirty-nine miles. Camped after dark ten miles west of Columbus. April 17, marched at 3 a. m. Arrived at Columbus at 7 a. m. and halted until 6 p. m., when I sent the Fourth Michigan and Third Ohio Cavalry, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Pritchard, of the former regiment, with orders to march all night and gain the Double Bridges over Flint River by daybreak, and to save them at all hazards. I followed with the division at about 7 p. m. Colonel Pritchard pushed the retreating enemy so closely that he forced them to abandon three pieces of artillery. He gained the bridges shortly after daybreak. One battalion of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry, led by Captain Hudson, made a gallant saber charge, crossing big bridges at a gallop, and capturing the battalion which was guarding them, and which was well posted on the island between the bridges. I arrived at the bridges on the forenoon of the 18th, having marched sixty-three miles since daybreak on the 17th. April 19th, marched twelve miles, camping three miles east of Thomaston. I destroyed three large cotton factories. April 20, marched at 3 a. m., taking the direct road to Macon. Near Spring Hill, twenty-one miles from Macon, my advance (the Seventeenth Indiana (mounted Infantry) struck a rebel force estimated at about 400. This force was

