
Weiler, Seventeenth Indiana (mounted) Infantry; Captain Charles T. Hudson, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, and First Lieuts. James H. McDowell and William E. Doyle, Seventeenth Indiana (mounted) Infantry. I beg to call the attention of the major general commanding more particularly to the gallant and meritorious conduct of these officers. On the night of the 17th Lieutenant-Colonel Pritchard marched from Columbus, Ga., in command of his own regiment and the Third Ohio Cavalry, under orders to push forward and save the Double Bridges over Flint River. He carried out his orders faithfully and energetically, saved the bridges, although every preparation had been made for burning them, and captured the battalion which had been left to destroy them. Lieutenant-Colonel Pritchard was severely wounded in the battle of Chickamauga, in September, 1863. Captain Hudson led his battalion with sabers, and captured the entire force. Captain Hudson was shot through the shoulder while leading his company in a charge at the battle of Shelbyville, Tenn., on the 27th of June, 1863. Lieutenant-Colonel White had command of the advance on the 20th of April. He drove a rebel once of nearly equal strength to his own from Spring Hill to Macon, a distance of twenty-one miles, in five hours, driving them from behind at least a dozen well-built rail barricades, and saving the bridges over Tobesofkee and Rocky Creeks. The former was on fire, the latter ready for the application of the match, when he carried them. He also received the surrender of the city of Macon from General Cobb, having nothing with him but his own regiment, with which he had entered the city. Colonel White was severely wounded at the battle of Mission Ridge in November, 1863. Major Wiler, Lieutenant McDowell, and Lieutenant and Adjutant Doyle rode in the advance in the various charges made while driving the rebels from their barricades on the 20th. Lieutenant McDowell staked his horse on one of the barricades, killing him instantly. These three officers were on the extreme advance in the charge on the burning bridge and acted in the most gallant manner throughout the day. I earnestly recommend that these five officers be promoted by brevet-Lieutenant-Colonels Pritchard and White to the rank of colonel, Major Weiler to lieutenant-colonel, Captain Hudson to major, and Lieutenants McDowell and Doyle to captains.

I am, respectfully, your, obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 14, 1865.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: In my report of the operations of the Second Brigade of this division up to and including the assault and capture of Selma, Ala., I considered it my duty to make special and honorable mention of Major Robert Burns, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, acting assistant adjutant-general, Second Brigade, Second Division Cavalry; Major Charles L. Greeno, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, acting assistant inspector-general, Second Brigade, Second Division; and Capts. William B. Richardson and Isaac H. Moore, Fourth Ohio Cavalry. I find that Brigadier-General Long in his report of the operations of the division had not mentioned any of these officers. I now beg leave, as division commander,

