
to bring their conduct under the immediate notice of the major-general commanding. Major burns formed and brought forward the Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry to the assault, was amongst the first to enter the enemy's works, and afterward took part in the charge made by the Fourth U. S. Cavalry, under the directions of the major-general commanding. Major Greeno was amongst the first to enter the enemy's works. At about 7 p. m. with fifty men he drove a considerable force of the enemy from and took possession of the railroad buildings, and the cotton-bale defenses surrounding them. Both of these officers have been under my immediate command for nearly three years and have invariably performed their duties with energy and zeal, and have distinguished themselves in battle on many occasions. Captains Richardson and Moore were amongst the first in entering the enemy's work and were throughout the entire engagement conspicuous for their gallantry. These officers have well earned a brevet, and I sincerely trust the major-general commanding will use his influence to secure for them this mark of distinction. When all did their duty so well, the man who distinguished himself above his comrades in arms was brave amongst the brave.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

Numbers 18. Report of Colonel Abram O. Miller, Seventy-second Indiana (Mounted) Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations April 1-2.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Selma, Ala., April 7, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the engagements of April 1 and 2:

On the morning of the 1st instant we moved at 5.30 o'clock from our camp near Randolph, and after passing through that place our advance struck the enemy and commenced skirmishing. The Seventy-second Indiana Volunteers was in the advance, and four companies of that regiment, under charge of Major L. S. Kilborn, were sent forward with instructions to press the enemy as vigorously as possible. this was done so effectively, charging them whenever they made a stand, that although they were skirmishing all the time our column was scarcely halted until we arrived at a little station on the railroad some five miles north of Plantersville, where we found the enemy in force and seemingly determined to make a stand. The remainder of the Seventy-second Indiana Volunteers was here brought forward, dismounted, and formed on the left of the road, and at the same time I directed Colonel Vail, commanding Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers, to send forward four companies, armed with sabers, to charge the enemy as soon as his lines were broken. They reported under command of Lieutenant Colonel Frank White, and the Seventy-second Indiana Volunteers having broken the first line of the enemy, Colonel White was at once ordered to charge the retreating foe. For particulars of this charge I would respectfully refer you to the report of Colonel J. G. Vail, commanding Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers.* Great credit is due Colonel White

---------------

*See p. 455.

---------------

