
and the men under his command for their bravery and gallant conduct, and although repulsed by the immensely superior force of the enemy, there is no doubt but this charge contributed greatly to the demoralization which soon after ensued in the rebel ranks, and caused them to retreat in the utmost confusion as soon as an attack was made by General Upon's division, which arrived about this time on a road to the left of where we were moving. Finding there was a heavier force than we expected, by the direction of General Long my brigade was placed in line, the Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers on the right, One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Volunteers the right center, Ninety-eighth Illinois Volunteers the left, and Seventy-second Indiana Volunteers the left center, and moved forward as rapidly as possible, but the ground being very rough and broken we were unable to overtake the enemy, who was rapidly retreating, and we were ordered to remount and move forward on horseback. Our loss in this engagement was 1 officer and 7 men killed, 1 officer and 14 men wounded, and 5 men missing. We captured one 12-pounder brass piece, a number of small-arms, which were broken up, and secured about 30 prisoners.

We camped that night near Plantersville, and on the 2nd instant moved at 6.30 a. m. in rear of the Second Brigade, and arrived in front of the works of Selma, on the Summerfield road, northwest of the city, about 3 p. m. by direction of the general commanding the division, I formed my brigade eon the left of the Second Brigade and battery, with the Ninety-eighth Illinois Volunteers on the right, Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers on the left, and skirmishers were thrown forward to engage the attention of the enemy. Four companies of the Seventy-second Indiana Volunteers had been detailed to take charge of the division pack train. Five additional companies were detailed to picket the roads in our rear, leaving only one company of this regiment, which was dismounted and held in reserve. Soon after forming on this line four companies were detailed from the Ninety-eighth Illinois Volunteers to go in pursuit of a rebel wagon train, for particulars of which expedition I would respectfully refer you to report of Lieutenant-Colonel Kitchell, commanding Ninety-eighth Illinois Volunteers. We remained in position, skirmishing with good effect until the arrangements for the attack had been completed, when I moved my brigade, by direction of General Long, by the right flank past the Second Brigade,e and formed my line on the right, in a ravine and under cover of a hill. My line was formed with the Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers on the right, Ninety-eighth Illinois Volunteers, six companies, in the center, and One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Volunteers on the left, connecting with the Second Brigade. The Ninety=eighth and One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Volunteers were formed in single rank, and the Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers was formed in double rank, with instructions to deploy to the right as soon as the nature of the ground would permit a single rank formation. While forming this line the enemy kept up a rapid fire from his artillery, which, although well directed, did very little damage. The works to be carried consisted of a heavy line of earth-works from eight to twelve feet high and fifteen feet in thickens at the base, with a ditch in front four feet wide and five feet deep, partly filled with water, and in front of this ditch a stockade or picket of heavy posts placed firmly in the ground, five feet high, and sharpened at the ends. There were also four heavy forts, with artillery mounted, and covering the ground over

