
which we had to advance. The ground was rough, with a fence and deep ravine to cross before reaching the works. The men fully under stood the difficulties before them, but there was no flinching, and all seemed confident of their ability to accomplish whatever should be ordered. About 5 o'clock the charge was ordered and the whole line moved promptly forward. As soon as we uncovered the hill, about 600 yards from the earth-works, the enemy opened a rapid and destructive fire of musketry and artillery upon the line, but it moved steadily forward until within short range, when a rapid fire was opened from our Spencer rifles, and with a cheer the men started for the works on a run. They swept forward in a solid line, over the fence, across the deep ravine, over the pickets of the stockade, and on the works on a run. They swept forward in a solid line, over the fence, across the deep ravine, over the pickets of the stockade, and on the works with resistless force. The enemy fought stubbornly, many of them clubbing their guns upon us as we were climbing the works, but they were compelled to retreat. I was wounded before reaching the works, and being unable to proceed farther I sent word to Colonel J. G. Vail, Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers, to take command of the brigade, but I had the satisfaction of seeing my men beyond the works before I was removed from the field.

It would be impossible for me to mention individual acts of bravery in either officers or men, as I would have to mention every one engaged. All the regiments did equally well, and the work accomplished shows for itself. I instructed the men before starting on the charge that the works were to be taken, and knew they would do it. No one faltered, and I am proud to say that they have never failed to do the work assigned them, however difficult or hazardous; and the history of the war will not show another instance where such formidable works, well manned and defended with men and artillery, have been stormed and captured by a single line of men without support. In consequence of the heavy details from my brigade, I had only 42 officers and 814 men engaged in the action. Of this number we had 1 officer and 28 enlisted men killed and 18 officers and 127 men wounded. To Colonel J. G. Vail, commanding Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel E. Kitchell, commanding Ninety-eighth Illinois Volunteers, and Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan Biggs, commanding One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Volunteers, my heartfelt thanks are due for their gallant conduct and their aid and assistance throughout the entire engagement. Lieutenant-Colonel Biggs deserves great credit for his efforts to bring every man possible into action, leaving only one in eight with his horses. i regret to state that this officer was dangerously wounded after crossing the works and while charging the woods between the works and the city. The ground over which the One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Volunteers and left of the Ninety-eight Illinois Volunteers advanced was more fordable than the rest, and they were first inside of the rebel works. The One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Volunteers has the honor of planting the first stand of colors on the fortifications. My thanks are due to Lieutenant Colonel C. G. Thomson, commanding Seventy-second Indiana Volunteers, and the officers and men of his command for the able manner in which they repulsed an attack upon our rear while the engagement was going on, and for the support given our batteery by the company that was formerly place din reserve. Great credit is due the officers of my staff for their assistance throughout the engagement Lieutenant H. M. Ashmore, One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Volunteers, and aide-de-camp, deserves commendation for going through the action on horseback and being the first person to enter the rebel works mounted. For full particulars of captures, &amp;c.,

