
the men wanting to kill him, but I ordered them to take him prisoner. He gave his name as Lee, but I afterward learned that his name is Williams and that he is a notorious guerrilla and horse-thief. The name of the man who was killed was Luck, and formerly, I heard, was a merchant of Nashville. The name of the one who escape was Fost. Patterson was not of the party, as stated by the Dispatch. We then proceeded up the pike to one mile beyond Nolensville; turning to the left we camped six miles from the pike. In the morning, believing it to be a good plan to come back on the same road, we did so. At 9 o'clock we stopped for breakfast at Nolensville. As soon as the men were through and the horses had eaten some fodder, we marched down the pike to the place where we first encountered the three guerrillas the day before. At this place, finding it impossible to proceed at a fast rate with the prisoner, owing to his wound bleeding afresh, I ordered Captain Poston to take fifteen men and procure a wagon and proceed slowly to Nashville and there turn the prisoner over so that he could get medical treatment. With the other fifteen I went over the hills, taking the trail of Fort, who escaped the day before, searching every suspicious house and cedar thicket. In searching one of these thickets I found the horse that Luck rode tied to a bush and a U. S. cavalry saddle and bridle lying by him. I have turned the horses over.

In a dirt road about half a mile from the pike I received information from a lady that on that morning four bushwhackers had passed her house inquiring if there had been any "Yanks" there. One of these men was Fost; he told a negro man that he was going to leave as soon as he could get out for it was getting too hot for him. I put the negro on the horse we had captured and ordered hi to guide us on the road they had taken. We were then four hours behind them. About six miles I found a man who had seen them and they threatened to take the horses he was hauling wood with. He guided us on to where they had crossed the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad about one mile above to the house of a manumit Morgan. There I pressed his son to guide us to the Murfreesborough pike, half a mile from which we met a colored woman who informed us that the men we were in chase of had captured a sutler's wagon and robbed and burned it. We pressed on with all the speed the horses could make and came up to the place where they had left. We took their trail learnig from two men who were building a fence close to where the wagon was burned that there were five of them. At several house we heard that they had three mules leading. After following them six miles on the road to-county they made a sudden turn to the left. Meeting a young man who informed us that they were going as the thought to a wood-yard, we followed their trail to the wood going as he thought to a wood-yard, getting there tow hours after them. I learned there that they charged on the choppers while they were at dinner,firing on them, giving the dirks a great scare and dispersing them all over the woods. They robbed several of the negroes and some white men. I learned that they robbed Captain Stearnes. I saw one wagon they had turned over and heard that they had burned some but did not see them. I certify on honor that to the best of my belief and from the best information I could get, being only two hours behind them, that there were only five bushwhackers who made the attack on the wood-yard. Where the Dispatch got that got that great coc-and-bull story from about 'several hundred Confederate cavalry" making their appearance within six miles of the city on the 16th instant I cannot tell, unless it was from

