
men, captured about 20 prisoners and 2 pieces of artillery 300 yards in advance of the line and east of the Plantersville road. Lieutenant-Colonel Thomson and Major L. S. Kilborn, Seventy-second Indiana Volunteers, are deserving of credit for their promptness in supporting the battery with that portion of the regiment not on picket. Captain O. F. Bane, Lieutenant H. M. Ashmore, and Lieutenant G. b. Sweet, of Colonel Miller's staff, are entitled to great credit for their promptness in the discharge of their duties and for their courage. Captain W. A. Owens, provost-marshal, is entitled to credit for his energy and industry in collecting prisoners. Captain John C. Scott, brigade inspector, did good service during the action by giving his personal attention to the pickets when they were attacked. I would especially commend Sergt. Jackson S. Ball, Seventy-second Indiana Volunteers, on duty at brigade headquarters, for his bravery in riding under a terrific fire to bring me the news of Colonel Miller being wounded, and for his energy in the performance of his duties at all times. We assisted in capturing no less than eighteen pieces of artillery, all mounted and in position. We had no men to spare to guard prisoners, and they wee ordered to the rear as fast as captured, and were gathered up by parties from our own and other commands. We only claim credit for assisting in the capture of all prisoners taken in the city. a large number of small-arms were captured and broken up.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. VAIL,

Colonel Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain T. W. SCOTT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,Selma, Ala., April 4, 1865.

[Captain T. W. SCOTT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:]

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of casualties in this brigade in the action near Plantersville, April 1, 1865:

Regiments.	 Offi	 Men.	 Offic	 Men.	 Offic	 Men. 	 Aggr

 cers	 	 ers.	 	 ers.	 	 egat

 	 	 	 	 	 	 e.

17th Indiana	 1	 7	 ...	 11	 ...	 6	 25

Volunteers.

72nd Indiana	 ..	 ...	 1	 3	 ...	 ...	 4

Volunteers.

Total.	 1	 7	 1	 14	 ...	 6	 29

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. VAIL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

