
tion from about 2 p.m. until near 4.30 p.m., when I was ordered to change position and move to the right of the Second Brigade, forming on the left of the Seventeenth Indiana under cover of a ridge, the One hundred and twenty-third Illinois forming on my left. Previous to change of position I was ordered to furnish a detail of four companies to proceed in search of a wagon train in direction of Summerfield. Captain Moutray, of Company H, was ordered to take charge of Companies H, G, F and I for that purpose. Details had been made for picket upon my regiment in the morning so that my effective force in action consisted of but 161 enlisted men and 11 officers. I formed my regiment in single rank, directing the men to reserve their fire until near enough to the enemy to be effective. At about 5 p.m. orders were given to move forward. When within about 400 yards of the enemy's works to whole line moved forward at double-quick under a severe fire of musketry and artillery. My regiment went through the stockade (or picket-works), over the ditch and breast-works in a gallant style, encountering the enemy hand to hand in his works, compelling many to surrender and the rest to retire in confusion. The left flank of the Ninety-eighth Illinois and the right flank of the One hundred and twenty-third Illinois, charging over better ground, were first to enter the enemy's works. The point first struck by my regiment was that fronting the bridge over the ravine on the Summerfield road and between the two redoubts. After passing the enemy's line of works the Seventeenth Indiana bore to the right and the One hundred and twenty-third Illinois to the left, thus leaving a large interval to be covered by the Ninety-eighth Illinois. I moved forward as fast as possible toward the city, passing squads of the enemy who had thrown away their guns, and whom I ordered to the rear. The enemy from the lower part of the city and the fortifications on my right kept up a continuous but harmless fire of musketry and artillery upon my command while I was moving up to a position near the cotton-gin and east of the passenger depot. There I rallied my regiment to resist what seemed to be a threatened cavalry charge by the enemy, who were forming near the saltpeter works. Soon after this Colonel Vail, who had assumed command of brigade (Colonel Miller being wounded), ordered me to form fronting this city and hold the regiment ready for any emergency. Lieutenant Wheeler, Company I, and squad from the Ninety-eighth Illinois, with squads from One hundred and twenty-third Illinois and Second Brigade, were first to enter the fort in front of the city and take possession of the four guns therein. Lieutenant Junkins, Company B, and six men from Company B, became separated from the regiment after passing the enemy's line of works, and moved forward and fought with the Seventeenth Indiana. My regiment remained in front under fire of musketry from the city until the Fourth Division charged into the city on the Burnsville road.

Went into camp near saltpeter works at 10 p.m. Some seventy or more of the enemy were captured by my regiment in works and within 200 yards after passing the same. I ordered all the prisoners to the rear, but on account of the paucity of my command could not spare any men to guard them. I kept my men together until after we went into camp, and did not permit them to straggle or go in search of plunder or captured property in the city, although quite a number of them, following the general example, did find their way there during the night-time. The enlisted men of my regiment fought, as they always have, nobly and bravely. The officers-Captain Hofman, Company B; Captain Flood, Company E; Captain Thistlewood, Company C; Captain Stan-

