
commissioned officer and 7 enlisted men; wounded, 11 enlisted men; missing, 5 enlisted men. The enemy's loss cannot be ascertained. It could not have been less than 50 killed and wounded, far more than that number having been sobered. They got their killed and wounded off the field, with the exception of 1 killed and 10 wounded, who fell into our hands. We camped for the night near Plantersville. On the 2nd instant the march toward Selma was resumed, and we marched on the Plantersville road until within six miles of Selma. We then moved on a cross-road to the Summerfield road, and advanced by it. On arriving within sight of the enemy's works that encircled Selma, we were dismounted, by order, and formed in single rank in line of battle. The line was changed shortly afterward and the regiment placed on the right of the brigade. At about 5 p.m. we were ordered to commence the attack on the works, and we advanced across an open field and swamp, across a deep ravine and up to the enemy's works under a terrible fire from the enemy's line behind the works. As we advanced we delivered our fire rapidly, drove the enemy from their breast-works and, breaking through the palisades, rushed over the works and through the embrasures of the forts, cheering and firing. The enemy, driven back, fought stubbornly. The enemy's batteries fired with seemingly little effect, injuring but few of our men. The left of the regiment was opposite to and took Forts Nos. 15 and 16, and the center and right to Fort Numbers 17, and the lunette near Fort Numbers 18 and Fort Numbers 19. The enemy having fallen back to the railroad, which served them as a breast-work (being about three feet higher than the adjacent ground), we reformed our line preparatory to advancing on them. At this time, Colonel Miller being wounded, I being next in rank, assumed command of the brigade, and turned over the command of the regiment to Lieutenant Colonel Frank White. Sufficient credit cannot be given to the officers and men of the regiment for their gallantry and for the promptitude in which every order was executed. To mention acts of individual bravery would be to speak of every man of the regiment engaged. Special mention, however, is due Lieutenant Colonel Frank White and the officers and men of the four companies engaged on the 1st instant for their bravery and for the gallant manner in which they broke through the enemy's lines, ran over their artillery, and sobered their men, and then in the face of such overwhelming numbers, cut their way out. For the lists of killed and wounded and official figures I respectfully refer you to [the report of] Lieutenant Colonel F. White, to whom I turned over the regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. VAIL,

Colonel Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers.

Captain O. F. BANE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Second Div., Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 23. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Frank White, Seventeenth Indiana (Mounted) Infantry, of operations April 2 and 20.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,April 6, 1865.

SIR: On the 2nd instant, the command of the regiment having been turned over to me by Colonel J. G. Vail, shortly after passing through the

