
the bridge, and after a sharp fight of about five minutes drove the enemy off in confusion. In the meantime I had parts of the other companies at work extinguishing the fire on the bridge, the men carrying the water in their hats, caps, and everything else available. As well drove the enemy from the bridge, I sent two companies (G and I) across a ford below the bridge to pursue the enemy, and gave pursuit at the same time with the dismounted men. The road after crossing the bridge makes a bend, and the enemy had to retreated around this bend, whilst my dismounted men double-quicking across the bend had the enemy under fire for about 200 yards, and took good advantage of it, firing very rapidly demoralizing the enemy, causing them to throw away guns (over 100), blankets, haversacks, &amp;c., and fly as for their lives. The fire on the bridge was sufficiently suppressed in about fifteen minutes to admit of horsemen crossing, and leaving men still at work against the flames, I crossed the command and pushed on. About two miles from the bridge and about thirteen from Macon I was met by a flag of truce under the rebel Brigadier-General Robertson. The force we were pursuing passed the flag of truce and thus saved themselves. I sent word to Colonel Minty, commanding Second Division, of the state of things, and awaited orders. The flag of truce detained us about half an hour. I then received orders from Colonel Minty to give them five minutes to get out of the way, and and then to drive everything before me and save the bridge over Rocky Creek at Bailey's Mill. I placed Adjt. W. E. Doyle in charge of the advance guard of fifteen men, giving him instructions and sending him forward at a trot, supporting him closely with the regiment. After going about two miles be came in sight of the flag-of-truce party covering the rear of a force of about 250 men, said to be Blount's battalion. They were moving slowly, and evidently trying to delay us. Seeing this the adjutant, as I had instructed, him charged them, causing the flag of truce to run into the woods, capturing three of the officers that were with it, and driving the rebel cavalry pell-mell along the road. They kept up a continual fire on us for some time, but with no effect. On getting within sight of the Rocky Creek bridge the enemy were discovered on foot attempting to fire the bridge. The advance drove them off, however, and pursued them closely to the palisades in the road. Before getting to the bridge the adjutant had sent to me for a small re-enforcement, and I sent him Major Weiler and Lieutenant James H. McDowell with Company E. The major caught up before getting to the bridge.

On arriving at the palisades the advance got up amongst the rebels and some firing ensued, the rebels breaking off the road through the gardens on the right in confusion. The advance tore down a few of the palisades, passed through, and rode up to near the rebel works. Here Major Weiler and Adjutant Doyle rode up on the works and demanded their surrender telling them that we had two divisions of our cavalry in their rear. The colonel commanding not being present, the men believed that they were cut off; subordinate officers surrendered their commands, and the soldierly threw down their arms, and as directed marched down to the road, where Lieutenant McDowell took charge of and formed them. The major and adjutant were at this time riding along the line of works, telling the men to throw down their arms and surrender; that they were cut off and were our prisoners; that flight was vain and that fighting would avail nothing, and the rebel soldiery were throwing down their arms and hastening to the road and the officers were following the men. I came up at this time with the regiment and found the rebel prisoners in line along the road under Lieutenant McDowell. I ordered Adjutant Doyle to the forts on

