
the right of the road to receive their surrender. As soon as the regiment got inside the line of works the entire line surrender, finding themselves cut off from town, and Colonel Cumming, who commanded the forces (one brigade) immediately on the road, came down with about 500 men and surrendered to me. I left two companies (G and I) in charge of prisoners, and moved on toward town with the other companies. At the edge of town I was met by some officers with a flag of truce from General Cobb, asking what terms I would give him if he surrendered the city and forces. My answer was unconditional surrender and gave the flag five minutes to get out of my way. After passing into the town the distance of four or five squares, another flag of truce met me stating that General Cobb submitted to my terms, surrendering the city and everything in it. I marched into two and up to General Cobb's headquarter, thus taking formal possession of the city. I placed patrols on duty at once and camped the regiment in the court-house square and adjoining street. We captured in the city and in the works Major General Howell Cobb, Brigadier General Gus. W. Smith, Brigadier-General Mackall, and Brigadier-General Mercer: 3,500 prisoners, including over 300 officers of all grades below brigadier-general; 5 stand of colors, about 60 pieces of artillery of all calibers, and about 3,000 stand of arms. There were also large quantities of quartermaster's, commissary medical, and ordnance stores captured in the city. The exact estimates of the stores I have not been able to find out. We had in the action during the day 21 commissioned officers and 500 enlisted men. We lost 1 killed and 2 wounded. I have to return thanks to Major J. J. Weiler for the efficient aid given me in commanding the regiment, to Adjutant Doyle for the able manner in which he handled the advance guard whilst in command, and to Lieutenant J. H. McDowell, who ably assisted the major, for his promptitude and energy in getting the prisoners together and retaining them. I have also to return my thanks to every officer and man in the regiment for the cheerfulness with which they endured the hardships incident to the march, for the alacrity with which they obeyed every order, and for the gallant manner in which they have gone at the enemy where they have found him since the opening of the campaign. And I have also to return thanks to Captain T. W. Scott and Lieutenant Culberston, of Colonel Minty's staff, for the efficient aid and assistance given me in taking the city. I had omitted to state that we captured after getting in the city four 2-pounder breech-loading guns, known as Travis guns, made and intended for General Forrest, and a large number of horses and mules.

I have the honor to remain, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK WHITE.

Commanding Regiment.

Captain O. F. BANE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General First Brigadier, Second Div., Cav. Corps,

Military Division of the Mississippi.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,April 25, 1865.

Captain T. W. SCOTT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Cavalry Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to send, in accordance with your order, four rebel flags marked by whom captured. The large flag of the Sixth

