
Regiment Arkansas Volunteers was captured on a train at the railroad depot on occupying Macon by Sergt. John W. Deen, of Company C, Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers. The flag marked "captured by Reuben Phillips, Company C, Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers" (battle-flag), was got at the same time and place.

The battle-flag marked "captured by First Lieutenant James H. McDowell, Company B, Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers," was surrendered to him by Colonel Cumming in the rebel works on the Columbus road, one mile and a half from Macon, Ga., on the surrender of said works. The rebel flag marked on the flag "Worrill Grays," was captured by Privates A. R. Hudson and J. Davis from a battalion of militia near Culloden, Ga., after a sharp skirmish in which a small party of the regiment ran about 200 militia. I also hold subject to orders four 2-pounder Travis guns, breech-loading, smooth-bore, brass. They are not mounted. They were found by Corporal Bottorff, of Company K, boxed up and buried in the small-pox grave-yard. He (Bottorff) was directed to them by a rebel soldier. The guns were made for presentation to Lieutenant-General Forrest. I would respectfully suggest that it has been the custom to allow regiments to retain flags captured by them, in order that they may be sent by the regiments to their State libraries; and I would therefore ask that the flags be returned to the regiment to be disposed of in this manner.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. WEILER,

Major, Commanding Regiment.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Near Macon, Ga., April 26, 1865.

Captain T. W. SCOTT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In accordance with orders, I would respectfully present the names of Corpl. John A. Kidney and Private Lemuel B. Edwards, special messengers at headquarters First Brigade, as being worthy of notice; Private Edwards for great gallantry at Ebenezer Church, where he was wounded while leading a charge (mounted), and Corporal Kidney for coolness and daring in action at all times.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK WHITE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Numbers 24. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Chester G. Thomson, Seventy-second Indiana (Mounted) Infantry, of operations April 1-2.

HDQRS. SEVENTY-SECOND INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,

Selma, Ala., April 5, 1865

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following as the operations of the Seventy-second Regiment Indiana Volunteers on the 1st and 2nd of April, 1865:

April 1, my regiment having the advance, four companies were sent forward as advance guard under command of Major L. S. Kilborn, with

