
orders to advance rapidly that the column might not be detained. The enemy was found near Randolph, and contended for every point on the way, but was so vigorously pressed that the command marched rapidly for fifteen miles, where they were found in line protected by rail-works. I received orders from Colonel Miller, commanding brigade, to dismount the remaining six companies of my regiment and dislodge them from their position, which was done at once by charging their lines on the left of the road; after which I was joined by the other regiments of the brigade and advanced to Vogle's [Bogler's] Creek, the enemy abandoning the field. The casualties during the day were 1 officer (Captain Craven) and 3 enlisted men wounded. Private L. B. Edwards was severely wounded while leading a charge (mounted). His action is worthy of special mention for courage and heroism. Major L. S. Kilborn deserves credit for the energy and skill with which he conducted the advance. My regiment having had the advance on the 1st was by the general order of march assigned to the rear on the 2nd and four companies, under command of Captain Herron, were detailed to guard the division train. On the arrival of the division in front of Selma five additional companies were ordered to picket the roads in rear of the line of battle, and the remaining one company to support the battery. Captain Herron brought the train in safely. The companies on picket promptly repelled the advance of a brigade of the enemy, which was threatening our rear, and each officer and man discharged the duty assigned him promptly and faithfully.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

C. G. THOMSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Seventy-second Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Captain O. F. BANE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Second Div., Cav. Corps.

Military Division of the Mississippi.

Numbers 25. Report of Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations March 31-April 2.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,

Selma, Ala., April 4, 1865

CAPTAIN: I beg to hand you the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the assault and capture of Selma on the 2nd instant:

On the night of the 31st of March I was camped ten miles north of Montevallo, and on the night of the 1st of April I camped at Plantersville, having marched forty-five miles on that day. On the morning of the 2nd I marched at 6 o'clock, taking the advance on the main road to Selma. The Third Ohio was my advance regiment. It easily drove what small force we met without delaying the column for a moment. About six miles from Selma I turned to the right, taking a cross-road which led to the Summerfield road. At about 3 p.m. I found myself in front of the works around Selma. In accordance with orders from Brigadier-General Long I sent the Third Ohio to the right and rear to cover led horses and pack-mules. The other three regiments (Fourth Ohio, Seventh Pennsylvania, and Fourth Michigan) were dismounted and formed line about half a mile from the works. A strong skirmish

