
A few scattering shots were fired, but to no effect. The whole force then broke and fled, and some made good their escape, being ousted on fresh horses which were more fleet than ours in their jaded condition. The advance followed them near four miles beyond the bridges, when the chase was given up. The object of the expedition having been fully accomplished, the forces were thrown in position to meet any attack which the enemy might make to regain possession of the bridges, where they awaited the arrival of the main column. The results of the expedition were the capture of the 2 bridges in good repair, 5 commissioned officers and 44 enlisted men prisoners, killing 2 and wounding 3, 1 mortally, and capturing 15 wagons, 150 head of mules and horses, besides a large quantity of bacon and provisions with no casualties on our part. To accomplish this the command had marched forty-six miles inside of fourteen hours, including all halts. In closing this report I would not omit to mention the high merit due to every officer and soldier in the command for their untiring perseverance and prompt action throughout to render the expedition a perfect success, and among whom I would specially mention Major Eldridge, commanding Fourth Michigan Cavalry and Major Livermore, commanding Third Ohio Cavalry, for the good management, of their regiments and to Captain C. T. Hudson, commanding the battalion of Fourth Michigan Cavalry, acting as advance, great credit is due, not only for the full execution of every order but for his braver and gallantry in leading the charge upon the bridges, which swept everything in its impetuosity, and secured at a dash what might have been lost by fighting.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. D. PRITCHARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

Major BURNS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt., General, Second Brigadier, Second Div., Cav. Corps,

Military Division of the Mississippi.

Numbers 28. Report of Major Darius E. Livermore, Third Ohio Cavalry, of operations April 1-2.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD OHIO VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Selma, Ala., April 5, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of operations on the 1st and 2nd instant:

On the 1st the regiment marched forty-six miles, but took no part in the engagement. On the 2nd instant marched inn advance of division toward this place, skirmishing occasionally with the enemy's rear guard until within sight of his works, when two battalions (the Third Battalion having been sent to the right of the road) were deployed as skirmishers (mounted), but did not advance until the first line of the enemy's works was captured, when they were ordered to charge the second line of works on the enemy's left in rear of the Fourth U. S. Cavalry, which was repulsed. The regiment was then dismounted and marched into town, meeting with but slight resistance, capturing about forty prisoners and several horses and mules. The casualties were six men wounded, none dangerously. The Third Battalion (sent to the

