
right) found the enemy in force, and after a skirmish was forced to return bay circuitous route (to avoid being captured) to the main road and follow the column. The loss sustained was 2 men wounded, 1 commissioned officer (Lieutenant D. C. Lewis, Company M), and 7 enlisted men captured. Total loss of regiment, 8 men wounded, 1 commissioned officer and 7 men captured.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. E. LIVERMORE,

Major, Commanding Third Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Major ROBERT BURNS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Second Div., Cav. Corps,

Military Division of the Mississippi.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD OHIO CAVALRY,Macon, Ga., April 30, 1865

[Major ROBERT BURNS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:]

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward herewith the battle-flag of the Twelfth Mississippi Cavalry, C. S. Army, which was captured with the commanding officer of the regiment, Major Cox, on the 15th instant, about six miles from Tuskegee, Ala., by John H. Shoef, private, Company H, Third Ohio Volunteer Cavalry. He is very desirous of retaining it if he can be allowed to do so.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. E. LIVERMORE,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 29. Report of Captain William W. Shoemaker, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, of operations April 1-2.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH OHIO VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Selma, Ala., April 5, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that this regiment was not engaged in the action of the 1st instant. On the 2nd instant it formed the right of the Second Brigade, Second Division, and was immediately on the left of the First Brigade, Second Division, dismounted. It participated in the charge on the enemy's works, and was among the first to enter them, capturing one gun. Corpl. John H. Booth, Company A, was the first man on the works, and was instantly killed. The regiment continued in the charge after passing the first line of works, assisting in capturing 1 lunette with 2 guns and another with 5. Lieutenant Colonel George W. Dobb, commanding regiment, was wounded near the works and died shortly after.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. SHOEMAKER,

Captain, Commanding Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Major R. BURNS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

