
Numbers 30. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James F. Andress, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations April 2.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,April 9, 1865

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken in the engagement of the 2nd instant in front of Selma, Ala.:

The regiment went into action with 3 field and staff officers, 10 line officers, and 353 enlisted men. We formed on the left of the brigade, covering the Summerfield road. As we advanced, the enemy from his entrenchments poured deadly volleys into our ranks, but without a check the works in our front were carried and the rebels driven in confusion before us. Portions of Companies E and I, led by Lieutenant Sigmund (who was killed just at the moment of victory), were among the first to enter the works, taking possession of a fort with one piece of artillery, caisson, and twelve prisoners. We followed closely after the discomfited enemy, but a dense and swampy woods prevented our inflicting much damage. Emerging from the timber we found the rebels under shelter of some interior works, cotton bales, and old buildings. They were soon flying from this point, and we were in possession of six additional pieces of artillery, including one 30-pounder and one 12-pounder Parrott, with many prisoners. At this juncture we were directed by Colonel Minty, commanding division, to halt and reform, and were afterward held in reserve. The fort containing the Parrott gun mounted seven other, which were taken by the men of the Seventh Pennsylvania and Fourth Ohio, but are not included in the captures of this regiment. Sergeant Siegfried, Company F, was the first in the fort, followed closely by Sergeant Bickel, Company I, with the regimental colors, Sergt. John Enniss, standard-bearer having fallen mortally wounded in the charge on the outer works. In the work most of the gunners were taken with their pieces. The regiment captured 198 prisoners, 7 pieces of artillery, and 240 muskets and rifles. The latter were destroyed on the field. Our casualties were 1 line officer killed, 1 field officer and 3 line officers wounded, 1 enlisted man killed and 47 wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. ANDRESS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Major ROBERT BURNS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 31. Report of Captain George I. Robinson, Chicago Board of Trady Battery, Illinois Light Artillery, of operations March 22-April 20.
HEADQUARTERS CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE BATTERY,Macon, Ga., May 6, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the battery under my command in the late campaign:

The battery left Chickasaw, Ala., on the morning of March 22, marching, in connection with the division, via Cherokee Station on the road

