
expedition that was to be sent out. This section was furnished, under command of Lieutenant Griffin, returning to Selma after an absence of twenty-four hours, having marched about forty miles. On the afternoon of April 8 I crossed the Alabama River with my battery, and encamped with the division on the road leading to Montgomery, and five miles from Selma. On the evening of the 9th, in obedience to the orders of the colonel commanding, I proceeded with one section of my battery to the Alabama River at a point some six miles above Selma, with instructions to watch for and prevent any boats passing down the river. On the morning of the 10th I was ordered back to my encampment, not having had occasion to use my guns, and shortly afterward resumed the march in connection with the division toward Montgomery, encountering very bad roads, and camping at 8 p.m. near Benton. Resuming the march on the 11th, found the road at times almost impassable, requiring much labor of a pioneer character, keeping the command up and on the road all of that night. Continued the march during the 12th and camped at Catoma Creek. On the morning of the 13th I marched my battery in connection with the division through Montgomery, camping seven miles east of it. On the 14th the march was resumed toward Columbus, Ga., at which place the command arrived on the 17th; from thence to Macon, Ga., where it arrived on the evening of April 20. In view of the fact of the division commander being always in the immediate vicinity of the command, I can hardly feel justified in making so length a report, and any report of the operations and movements of my battery would seem to be almost unnecessary. It will be observed that thins battery has marched in twenty-one days upward of 600 miles, varying from twenty-two to forty-nine miles each day, or at an average of about thirty miles, which, in consideration of the very bad condition of the roads for a large part of this distance, I consider almost unprecedented in the movements of artillery.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. I. ROBINSON,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Captain T. W. SCOTT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Cavalry Corps,

Military Division of the Mississippi.

Numbers 32. Report of Bvt. Major General Emory Upton, n, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division, of operations March 19-April 21.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CAVALRY DIVISION,May 30, 1865.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Fourth Cavalry Division during the late campaign:

To avoid delay in leaving Chickasaw, the train was sent on the 19th of March to Cherokee Station, on Memphis and Charleston Railroad, and was followed by First Brigade, commanded by Brevet Brigadier-General Winslow, on the 21st. The general movement commenced on the 22nd of March, Winslow's brigade and train camping near Throckmorton's Mills; the Second Brigade, commanded by Brevet Brigadier-General Alexander, camping on Cane Creek, twenty-five miles from

