
Chickasaw. March 23, left Russellville to our right and camped at Newburg; distance, thirty miles. Found plenty of corn and provisions. March 24, march resumed; General Alexander moving from Mount Hope, via Houston, toward Clear Creek Falls. General Winslow and train moving via Kinlock and Hubbard's Mill, on headwaters of Sipsey. The road was exceedingly mountainous and forage scarce. First Brigade made sixteen miles. March 25, march resumed; brigades united and camped at Clear Creek Falls; distance, thirty miles. Country almost destitute of forage. March 26, General Winslow was directed to move, via Bartonville and Hanby's Mills, toward Elyton; General Alexander and train via Jasper and Democrat. General Winslow finding the Sipsey unfordable moved down the Black Warrior to Saunders' Ferry, where the division camped for the night; distance, twenty-three miles. Forage found below Saunders' Ferry. March 27, crossed Black Warrior over an extremely dangerous ford. General Alexander's brigade camped on east bank of Locust Fork. General Winslow's brigade marched all night and arrived on west bank at 4 o'clock next morning; distance, fifteen miles. Provisions and forage scarce. March 28, marched at 10 a.m., General Alexander's brigade camping at Elyton; General Winslow's at Hawkins' plantation, two miles west; distance, twenty miles. The road was exceedingly rough, but at the end of the day's march we debouched into a beautiful valley, rich in provisions and forage. Patterson's regiment from Northern Alabama passed through Elyton just before the arrival of the division. Its rear was driven out by General Alexander's advance. By direction of the brevet major-general commanding the corps, the train remained at Elyton till the arrival of the corps train. The division moved at 10.30 a.m. on the 29th, with a view to secure a crossing over the Cahawba River that night, but the ford having been obstructed by Patterson's regiment, and a heavy rain setting in, which soon raised the river, prevented more than one regiment getting across; distance, fifteen miles. The McIlvain and Red Mountain Iron-Works were destroyed near Elyton. March 30, General Winslow converted the railroad bridge over the Cahawba into a foot bridge, and at 9.30 a.m. the crossing commenced. The division camped at Montevallo; distance, seventeen miles. Road was bad. Forage and provisions found in abundance around Montevallo. A colliery and the Central Iron-Works were destroyed near the Cahawba, while detachments sent out from Montevallo destroyed the Columbiana and Bibb Iron-Works. There being strong indications of the presence of the enemy in large force, the division awaited the arrival of the corps. March 31, the brevet major-general commanding the corps having arrived, I was directed to move out at 1.30 p.m. About two miles south of the town the advance of Roddey's division was encountered. It was immediately charged by General Alexander and driven back in great confusion upon their main position behind a difficult creek, losing several prisoners, and abandoning arms and accouterments at every step. Dispositions were at once made to turn the enemy's right, while Rodney's battery (I), Fourth Artillery, was placed in position and opened fire. After some skirmishing, without awaiting a trial at arms, the enemy withdrew. General Winslow now took up the pursuit, and by a series of brilliant and impetuous charges, drove the enemy till late in the night, capturing many prisoners, arms, and accouterments. The division elated with having ridden down the enemy in every conflict during the day, camped three miles north of Randolph, having made fourteen miles.

