
April 1, the pursuit was resumed as far as Randolph, where, pursuant to your instructions, the division took the road to the left leading to Old Maplesville, leaving the main Selma road, along which the enemy retired, for General Long's division. To cover the movement the advance guard was directed to pursue the enemy a mile and a half, and then remain until relieved by General Long's division. Proceeding about four miles to the left of Randolph my command took a road to the right leading through Maplesville Station, and intersecting the main Selma road at Ebenezer Church. Anticipating an opportunity to flank the enemy at this point, the march of the division was hastened, and at 4 p.m. he was found in position, his force commanded by General Forrest in person, consisting of infantry, artillery, and cavalry, his right resting on Mulberry Creek and his left on a high wooded ridge near Bogler's Creek. General Alexander threw his brigade into action dismounted, with great celerity, and after a stubborn fight of an hour's duration routed the enemy and captured his guns. General Winslow took up the pursuit with his brigade, mounted, captured 300 prisoners, and drove the enemy through Plantersville, nineteen miles from Selma, where the division camped for the night, having made twenty miles. April 2, the division marched at 10 a.m. for Selma, following the Second Division, arriving in front of the fortifications on the Plantersville road at 4 p.m. It was being placed in position, preparatory to a night attack on the enemy's right, when General Long's division carried the works in its front. The division was immediately ordered forward, the skirmish line driving the enemy from the works in its front and capturing five guns. General Winslow brought forward the Fourth Iowa at a gallop, and charging into the city in various directions, captured several pieces of artillery and several hundred prisoners. The Seventh Ohio Cavalry was sent out the Burnsville road and captured 4 guns, 125 prisoners, and many small-arms. April 3, the division moved out from Selma with instructions to pursue the remnants of Forrest's command across the Cahawba, and to meet and escort the general train to the city. It returned on the 6th, having made a circuit of ninety miles. April 8, at 9 p.m, the division commenced crossing the Alabama River on a pontoon bridge. The passage was soon interrupted by the descent of drift-wood which carried away the bridge. The breach was repaired at about 2 p.m. on the 9th and the crossing resumed, but was again interrupted by descending drift-wood. The breach was repaired by 6 p.m., and at 9 p.m. the division was across and encamped on the south bank. General Alexander narrowly escaped with his life while endeavoring to pass a heavy log safely under the bridge. April 10, marched for Montgomery; camped at Church Hill; distance, twenty-four miles; plenty of forage. April 11, marched at 5.30 a.m.; crossed Big. Swamp, on Big Swamp Creek, and camped at Colonel Harrison's, four miles east of Lowndesborough; distance, twelve miles.

April 12, marched at 5.30 a.m.; passed through Montgomery at 4 p.m., camped four miles east on Columbus road; distance, twenty-seven miles. La Grange's brigade, of McCook's division, having been placed under my command, I received orders on the 14th to march to the Chattahoochee to secure the bridges over that river, either at Columbus or West Point, thereby opening for the Cavalry Corps the road into Georgia. In pursuance of these instructions I sent La Grange's brigade, via Tuskegee and Opelika, to West Point, where he arrived on the 16th. He immediately attacked the garrison at that place, captured, it, and secured the bridge. My own division marched directly

