
Cavalry, dismounted, under Captain Abraham, passed through the breach, turned to the right, charged the redoubt, capturing ten guns, and then sweeping across the bridge with the flying rebels, captured the two howitzers loaded with canister at the opposite end. Mounted companies from the same regiment followed in the rear of Captain Abraham's, and after crossing the bridge turned to the right and charged in flank the works at the lower bridge, capturing-prisoners and the 3 guns, at that point. By 10 p.m. Columbus, with its vast munitions of war, 1,500 prisoners, and 24 guns, was in our hands. This victory, which was the closing conflict of the war, was achieved with the loss of but thirty men killed and wounded.

April 18 at 8.30 a.m. the division marched for Macon via Double Bridges and Thomaston, arriving and going into camp at East Macon on the evening of the 21st. The march was through a rich country and the distance marched ninety-eight miles. Here official information of the armistice between Generals Sherman and Johnston having been received, the campaign closed. The conduct of the officers and men during the campaign is deserving of the highest commendation. Whether mounted or dismounted, but one spirit prevailed, and that was to run over the enemy wherever found or whatever might be his numbers. Nothing but the impetuosity of the charges, whereby the enemy was not given time to defend himself, can account for the small list of casualties amounting to ninety-eight killed and wounded. In every conflict the troops actually engaged were vastly outnumbered. At Ebenezer Church General Alexander routed Forrest's command with less than 1,000 men, while General Winslow carried the formidable works at Columbus with but 1,100. From the members of my staff-Bvt. Major James W. Latta, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Thomas C. Gilpin, acting aide-de-camp, Lieutenant J. Sloan Keck, acting aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Peter R. Keck, ordnance officer-I received on all occasions prompt and gallant assistance. The division arrived at Macon in good fighting condition. I respectfully refer you to the accompanying reports of the brigade commanders in which the charges of the regiments under their command are minutely described; also mentioning the names of officers and men distinguishing themselves for gallantry and soldierly conduct. In conclusion, I desire to ascribe the success of the division in the first degree to the zeal, energy, and ability displayed by Generals Winslow and Alexander, commanding First and Second Brigades. They have shown in every battle great skill andd gallantry, and, possessing in an eminent degree all the qualities of a cavalry officer, I respectfully urge their immediate promotion for the good of the service. Inclosed is a list of officers and men who have distinguished themselves and are entitled to promotion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Fourth Division.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

