
gallantry in a charge near Montevallo on the 31st of March, 1865, to be brevet captain; Captain Lot Abraham, commanding Company D, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, for his gallantry at Columbus April 11, 1865, and Selma April 2, 1865, to be brevet major: Captain Asa B. Fitch, commanding Company H, Fourth Iowa Cavalry for, his great gallantry in repulsing an attack made upon the flank of the column near Montevallo to be brevet major; Captain John D. Brown, Company L, Third Iowa Cavalry, for his habitual good conduct on this and other campaigns, to be brevet major; Captain George W. Johnson, Company M, Third Iowa Cavalry, for repeated evidences of courage and gallantry, to be brevet major; Captain R. B. M. McGlasson, Company I, Tenth Missouri Cavalry, for a gallant charge through the enemy's lines at Columbus, to be brevet major; Captain Samuel J. McKee, Company B, Third Iowa Cavalry, for gallantry at Columbus, to be brevet major; First Lieutenant George D. Womeldorff, Company L, Seventeenth Ohio Cavalry, for his gallant conduct at Ebenezer Church in holding a position in advance of the other troops until their arrival, receiving a terribly severe fire from front and left flank, to be brevet captain; First Lieutenant J. A. O. Yeoman, First Ohio Cavalry, and acting assistant inspector-general, Second Brigade, Fourth Division, for his many and repeated acts of gallantry and indefatigable courage, energy, and perseverance exhibited on all occasions during the campaign, to be brevet captain; Second Lieutenant Ferdinand Owen, Company I, Tenth Missouri Cavalry, for his gallantry in leading his command over the bridge at Columbus, to be brevet first lieutenant;* Second Lieutenant Loyd H. Dillon, Company C, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, for his gallantry at Selma and good conduct and courage during other campaigns, to be brevet first lieutenant. The individual actions and deeds of these officers and the occasions in which they particularly distinguished themselves are more fully set forth in the reports of Bvt. Brigadier General E. F. Winslow and Bvt. Brigadier General A. J. Alexander, to which your attention is respectfully invited. I would respectfully recommend that medals of honor be awarded to the following-named enlisted men: Sergt. Robert Skiles, Company G, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, who in an individual encounter with the enemy in the streets of Girard manifested a spirit of bravery and determination which entitles him to the highest commendation and reward; Robert C. Wood, private of Company A, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, who after being captured by the enemy whilst in the line of his duty at Columbus escaped, and, with the aid of a few others, took as prisoners the colonel and adjutant of the regiment that but a short time before held him in custody.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., June 7, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded approved and strongly recommended.

I would also request that Lieutenant Colonel F. W. Benteen, Tenth Missouri Cavalry be brevetted brigadier-general for gallant and meritorious services, not only during the recent campaign in Georgia and Alabama, but for distinguished, and conspicuous bravery in the pursuit of Price out of Missouri.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

---------------

*See recommendation in Winslow's report, p. 482.

---------------

