
animals has been good, and straggling has not been marked or frequent. The general conduct of officers and men has been excellent, and the command has been at all times in such condition that it could have been promptly used against an enemy with full effect. With one week's rest I think it will be in as effective condition and as well mounted as when the campaign commenced. We had slight skirmishing just before entering Montevallo (March 30), one man, Fourth Iowa, Cavalry, being slightly wounded. March 31, my brigade moved in rear of the division. When a few miles south of Montevallo it passed to the front, and the Tenth Missouri Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel F. W. Benteen commanding, being dismounted, the enemy (an Alabama brigade) were at once pushed out of position. Two men of the Tenth were wounded. While this regiment mounted the Third Iowa, Colonel John W. Noble commanding took the advance, and one company charged the enemy on the road at a time when his column was in retreat. A portion of the enemy being separated from their main force Captain Johnson with two companies was sent to the right, and charging captured quite a number. Several of the enemy were killed and wounded. This officer acted with vigor and gallantry. The enemy were driven in great confusion to Randolph, leaving many animals and a number of men along the road and seventy-five prisoners in our hands. Colonel Noble led his regiment, which behaved admirably, and his adjutant lost his horse in the first charge. Meantime a body of the enemy attacked my column in rear and on the right, but this force was speedily driven off by Lieutenant-Colonel Peters with a portion of the Fourth Iowa Cavalry. The enemy were very roughly handled to-day, and scattered by the impetuosity of our men. I have no doubt that the manner in which this day's work was done tended much to render our subsequent victories the easier achieved. At an earlier hour on this day Lieutenant-Colonel Benteen with his regiment destroyed the Bibb Iron-Works, about six miles south of Montevallo, in the presence of a superior force of the enemy sent there to protect them.

Moved April 1 in rear of the division, and when at Maplesville Station heard firing in front, receiving soon after orders to push forward rapidly. Two regiments Third Iowa leading, were hastened to the battle-ground of Ebenezer Church, arriving just as the engagement was being decided. Captain Arnim's company (I) was thrown out on the left of the road and directed to charge a line of the enemy formed on the bank of the creek 400 yards from the head of my column. This company, having to throw down a fence under a severe fire, had 1 officer (Lieutenant John J. Veatch) and several men wounded, losing also about 15 horses. Captain Arnim and his company behaved in a gallant manner, as did also Captain A. Clark, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, acting assistant quartermaster, who voluntarily aided in conducting this movement. The column moving forward, the enemy quickly retired, and the Third Iowa Cavalry was sent in pursuit, following the enemy to Plantersville, five miles. Captain John D. Brown, Company L, charged his men over a deep stream, capturing more of the enemy (a color company) than his command numbered. This officer had been sent with his company to Maplesville early in the day, and meeting a body of the enemy charged it capturing several and scattering the others. Sergt. John Wall, guidon bearer, Company K, after being wounded in the hand, retained the saddle, carried his colors, and in a subsequent engagement captured a rebel officer. We arrived near Selma April 2 at 2 p.m. dismounting in battalion lines until 5 o'clock. At that hour, in obedience to orders from the brevet major-general commanding division, I dis-

