
surround the town, and capture any rebel force found there. From some cause the rebels were not there, and though the scout was ably and secretly conduct, no rebels were found. The force arrived in camp about 1 o'clock this morning. James Pollock, a loyal citizen of Fulton, Miss., arrived in the lines to -day, and reports that Forrest has moved all his force, about one week ago, to West Point, Miss., about 100 miles below Verona, where he dated his dispatch to General Thomas, brought in under flag of truce. I shall send Mr. Pollock to Verona in the morning to gather any information possible, and return as soon as he can. I send a scout or reconnoitering force to Tuscumbia, Ala., to-morrow. I shall send by two roads, to unite at Tuscumbia, and with orders to keep each other advised of anything suspicious or threatening. A competent officer will accompany this force to make a map or diagram of the country, creeks, road, &amp;c., between this post and Tuscumbia.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. STEWART,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

Brigadier General JOHN T. CROXTON,

Commanding First Div., Cavalry Corps, Mil. Dov. of the Mississippi.

FEBRUARY 17-18, 1865.-Expedition from Whitesburg to Fearn's Ferry, Tenn.

Report of Colonel George F. Dick, Eighty-sixth Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTY-SIXTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,February 19, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with orders received from division headquarters I moved to Whitesburg on the evening of the 17th instant with a detachment composed of the Seventy-ninth and Eight-sixth Indiana and Nineteenth Ohio. At Whitesburg we embarked on the gun-boats Sherman and Stone River, from whence we proceeded up the river to Fearn's Ferry, a distance of twenty-five miles. Here we disembarked and marched over the mountain to Warrenton. Upon reaching this place I learned that the rebel command (Stuart's) had changed direction to the south at Summit, a place at the junction of the Warrenton and Guntersville road, and instead of marching toward the river were marching in an opposite direction. The command having twenty-four hours the start and being mounted, I thought it useless to continue the pursuit. We then started toward the river for the purpose of re-embarking at Guntersville. When about three miles, from Warrenton the advance guard ran into a squad of guerrillas, but being mounted they escaped through the fire they received from the guard. Reached Guntersville about 3 o'clock on the afternoon of the 18th, and re-embarked on the Sherman and Stone River, and proceeded back to Whitesburg, a distance of thirty-four miles, from which place we marched to camp, arriving at 8 o'clock on the evening of the 18th. My thanks are due Captains Morehead and Naylor, of the Sherman and Stone River, for services kindly rendered.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE F. DICK,

Colonel Eighty-sixth Indianan Volunteers.

Captain ALEXIS COPE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Fourth Army Corps.

