
mounted my command, and,leaving every eighth man to hold horses, formed the Third Iowa on the right and the Tenth Missouri on the left of the Plantersville road in line, about half a mile from the rebel works and fronting them. Seven companies Fourth Iowa were preparing to move to the left of the Tenth Missouri when the Second Division, on my right attacked in force and soon gained possession of the fortifications in its front. Observing this attack the dismounted regiments were immediately advanced, and when the Second Division obtained possession of the outer works the Fourth Iowa Cavalry, which had not yet left their horses, came forward at a gallop in columns of four and at once pushed into the city, companies going in various directions to complete the discomfiture of the enemy. About this time the Third Iowa and Tenth Missouri were directed to remount, but the road being blocked by subsequent movements, this was not fully accomplished until a late hour. The advance guard of the division, four companies of Fourth Iowa, under Major W. W. Woods, had been dismounted in front of the enemy's works on the Plantersville road since 1 p.m., and when Brigadier-General Long had charged the enemy on the right this force pushed forward into the works in their front capturing an entire regiment and 5 pieces of artillery. The mounted companies secured 4 guns, 3 stand of colors, and about 1,000 prisoners. Several hundred of the enemy were killed and wounded or drowned in attempting to escape. Captain E. R. Jones, Company I, and Chief Bugler D. J. Taber were killed. Both belong to the Fourth Iowa Cavalry. April 3, by direction of Brevet Major-General Wilson, I assumed command of the city, while my brigade, Colonel Noble commanding, made a march to the rear through Summerfield to Johnson's Ferry, returning on the 6th instant.

With the army this brigade moved from Selma April 10, arriving at Montgomery on the 12th, near which city we remained until the 14th. Major Curkendall with six companies Third Iowa Cavalry was here detailed as provost guard, and did not rejoin the command until after the capture of Columbus. Captain Whiting, with Companies H and M, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, was sent to Grey's Ferry, Tallapoosa River, with directions to destroy the bridge over the Coosa at Wetumpka. He was unable to do this, but, in conjunction with Major Weston, Fourth Kentucky, captured and took to Montgomery three steam-boats. While the command was marching to Columbus, Captain Young with 200 men Tenth Missouri Cavalry was detached from the column at Crawford and proceeded to Clapp's Factory, three miles above Columbus, on the Chattahoochee River, with orders to seize and hold the bridge at that place. It was, however, partially destroyed before he arrived. This brigade reached the point of attack before Columbus about 7.30 p.m., and at 8 o'clock was disposed in the following order: Six companies Third Iowa Cavalry, Colonel Noble commanding, dismounted, in line at right angles to the Summerville road, with the left resting thereon, 200 yards from one line of the enemy, and immediately in front and about 250 yards from his main line on our left the latter formed behind fortifications running parallel with the Summerville road. The Tenth Missouri Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel F. W. Benteen, commanding, on the Summerville road, 400 yards in rear of the Third Iowa, in columns of fours, mounted, and the Fourth Iowa, Lieutenant Colonel John H. Peters, commanding in the same order, on a by-road, 300 yards from the point of its intersection with the Summerville road, being thus to the right and rear of the Third Iowa, 200 yards. The moment we were ready to attack, the enemy opened fire in front, with small-

