
must not be inferred that others would not have done equally well if they had been as fortunate in securing opportunities. During this campaign this brigade has taken in action 3,100 prisoners, including 200 commissioned officers, 11 stand of colors, 33 guns, 25 caissons, 3,500 stand of arms, and a large number of horses, wagons, and mules. The defeat of the enemy at Columbus gave us possession of the gun-boat Muscogee, alias Jackson, a very formidable ram. She was nearly ready for active service, her armament (six 7-inch Parrott guns),engines, a portion of her ordnance, and other supplies being on board. The fruits of our victories have been materially increased by having mounted columns always ready to take advantage of opportunities offering. This has been shown to have been the case at Selma. At Columbus the four companies Fourth Iowa Cavalry which were pushed over the bridge (mounted) immediately after it was in our possession, captured 500 prisoners and completed the disorganization of the enemy. During this march we have destroyed the Hannan and the Brierfield or Bibb Iron-Works, near Montevallo; several railroad, and station-houses, four steam-boats and one foundry at Montgomery, a large distillery above Columbus, and great quantities of corn, meat, and other supplies gathered up for the Confederate Government. As a testimonial of my respect and appreciation of their ability and services, and because of gallantry in the presence of the enemy, I respectfully recommend that the rank of major by brevet be conferred upon the following-named officers; Lot Abraham, captain Company D, Fourth Iowa Cavalry. This officer has frequently displayed great courage, handled his command in a very gallant manner at Columbus, and captured a four-gun battery at Selma repulsing the enemy in his attempt to recover it. Asa B. Fitch, captain Company H, Fourth Iowa Cavalry. When the enemy assailed our column in flank near Montevallo, March 31, this officer, who commands the color company, had the colors unfurled, and with this company and the colors dashed ahead, leading the attacking party with great gallantry. He has many times acted with judgment and gallantry. I consider him one of the best officers in my command. John D. Brown, captain Company L, Third Iowa Cavalry. This officer was wounded severely at the battle of Big Blue, October 23, 1864; has twice on the present expedition attacked with his company a force of the enemy greater than his own, and each time completely routing him, once capturing more men than his own command numbered. George W. Johnson, captain Company M, Third Iowa Cavalry. This officer, once with two, and again with one company, charged a superior force of the enemy with great gallantry, routing them each time and killing, wounding, and capturing quite a number. His courage, good conduct, and gallantry, have been frequently observed. R. B. M. McGlasson, captain Company I, Tenth Missouri Cavalry. He led two companies of his regiment through the enemy's lines to the bridge at Columbus, and, though surrounded by the enemy, came out losing only one man. Samuel J. McKee, captain Company B, Third Iowa Cavalry. This officer has several times led his company gallantly and was the first officer to enter the lines of the enemy at Columbus, himself and men having to work their way through abatis in presence of an enemy securely posted behind entrenchments and only a few yards distant. With two companies he met and repulsed the enemy at Fike's Ferry, Cahawba River, killing and wounding some and capturing thirty animals. And the rank of captain by brevet upon Ferdinand Owen, first lieutenant Company I, Tenth Missouri Cavalry,

