
enemy. The following is a partial list, which was not made complete, as in many cases the whole property could not be destroyed in the limited time allowed: First. Selma Arsenal, consisting of twenty-four buildings containing an immense amount of war material and machinery for manufacturing the same. Very little of the machinery had been removed, although much of it was packed and ready for shipment to Macon and Columbus, Ga. Among other articles here destroyed were 15 siege, guns and 10 heavy carriages, 10 field pieces with 60 field carriages, 10 caissons, 60,000 rounds of artillery ammunition, 1,000,000 rounds of small-arm ammunition, 3,000,000 feet of lumber, 10,000 bushels coal, 300 barrels resin, and 3 large engines and boilers. Second. Government Naval Foundry, consisting of 5 large buildings, containing 3 fine engines, 13 boilers, 29 siege guns unfinished, and all the machinery necessary to manufacture on a large scale naval and siege guns. Third. Selma Iron-Works, consisting of 5 buildings, with 5 large engines and furnaces and complete machinery. Fourth. Pierce's Foundries, Nos. 1 and 2; each of these contained 1 engine, extensive machinery, and a large lot of tools. Fifth. Niter Works; these works consisted of 18 buildings, 5 furnaces, 16 leaches and 90 banks. Sixth. Powder mill and magazine, consisting of 7 buildings, 6,000 rounds of artillery ammunition, and 70,000 rounds of small-arm ammunition, together with 14,000 pounds of powder. Seventh. Washington Works; small iron-works with 1 engine. Eighth. Tennessee Iron-Works, containing 2 engines. Ninth. Phelan &amp; McBride's machine-shop, with 2 engines. Tenth. Horseshoe manufactory, containing 1 engine. About 8,000 pounds of horseshoes from this establishment were used by our army. Eleventh. Selma Shovel Factory; this factory contained 1 steam engine, 8 forges, and complete machinery for manufacturing shovels, railroad spikes, and iron axle-trees for army wagons. Twelfth. On the Alabama and Mississippi Railroad, 1 round-house, 1 stationary engine, and much standing machinery together with 20 box and 2 passenger cars. Thirteenth. On the Tennessee Railroad, 1 round-house, with machinery, 5 locomotives, 1 machine, 19 box and 50 platform cars. Fourteenth. In the fortifications, one 30-pounder Parrott gun, four 10 pound guns, 11 field pieces, 10 caissons, 2 forges, and 500 rounds of fixed ammunition. A portion of the guns destroyed in the arsenal were those captured on the fortifications at the time of the assault. The machinery, engines, and the trunnions of the guns were broken before being burned. The arsenal were of wood with but few exceptions. The foundry buildings were of brick. Together with all other buildings enumerated, these were completely destroyed without firing other than public buildings. Several buildings were fired on the evening of the 2nd instant, and quite a number of private dwellings were thereby consumed. This burning being done without authority destroyed supplies which would have been useful to the army, and did no particular damage to the enemy. I cannot estimate in dollars the value of the public property here destroyed, but all can readily see that the value in mechanical, social, and war point of view is almost inestimable.

Respectfully submitted.

E. F. WINSLOW,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

