
ADDENDA.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier FOURTH DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Atlanta, Ga., June 19, 1865.

Captain E. P. INHOFF,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

I respectfully recommend that Major A. R. Pierce, Fourth Iowa Veteran Cavalry, be promoted to lieutenant-colonel by brevet. He is one of the most cool and gallant officers in the service; has frequently displayed unusual courage and judgment. At Guntown, where the infantry had suddenly and in great confusion retreated (before his regiment, which he then commanded, had mounted), the enemy came victoriously and impetuously down upon him. He formed his men and held the entire force back till his horses crossed the creek in the immediate rear of that disastrous battle-field. I consider this check as the sole cause of safety for 500 horses and nearly as many men, while it enabled his regiment to aid in covering the hurried and disorderly retreat to Collierville, Tenn. Major Pierce acted on his own responsibility and judgment, his brigade commander being at the time at another part of the field. At Big Blue, Mo., October 23, 1864, he led his regiment with great spirit, aiding in winning that important victory. At the Osage, October 25, 1864, his regiment came in sight of the enemy, Marmaduke's division, at the moment when our line had been checked and the forces of the enemy about to take the offensive. Had Major Pierce halted his regiment that victory in my opinion would have been a defeat-a rout. Without orders and governed by his sense of the right, he led his regiment in one impetuous line upon the enemy's right, riding over men, horses, guns, and carriages, initiating the charge,which taken up along our whole line broke the enemy in pieces. In this engagement Major Pierce, rode in advance of his command and sobered nine rebels. In a subsequent engagement on the same day his steady bravery and his coolness saved a part of our line and his regiment from breaking in confusion when a charge not properly supported had been repulsed. He was here severely wounded in the foot and has not yet recovered. I submit this recommendation for the action of the brevet major-general commanding, as I am satisfied such services should be put on record and recognized.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

E. F. WINSLOW,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI

Macon, Ga., June 27, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded approved.

J. H. WILSON,Brevet Major-General.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Atlanta, Ga., June 19, 1865.

Captain E. P. INHOFF,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi;

CAPTAIN: For long and valuable services as acting assistant adjutant-general, and for gallantry in presence of the enemy at Big Blue,

