
Mo.; Oxford and Tupelo, Miss., Selma, Ala., and Columbus, Ga., I respectfully recommend the promotion of Ambrose Hodge, captain Company K, Fourth Iowa Veteran Cavalry, to major by brevet. Bvt. Major General Emory Upton, Fourth Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, early recognized his merit and offered to recommend his promotion to captain and assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, but Mr. Hodge would prefer a brevet promotion. Very few officers are more deserving of a commission from our Government than Captain Hodge. Knowing the desire of the brevet major-general commanding corps to reward worthy me, I take the liberty of forwarding this letter.

Your obedient servant,

E. F. WINSLOW,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., June 27, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded approved and recommended.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

Numbers 34. Report of Colonel John W. Noble, Third Iowa Cavalry, of operations March 21-April 21.
HDQRS. THIRD IOWA VETERAN VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Macon, Ga., April 23, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of this regiment since the 21st of March, as follows:

At 3 p.m. of the last-named day we broke camp near Chickasaw, Ala., having on duty 37 commissioned officers and 823 enlisted men mounted, and 57 dismounted, the latter going as a guard for the wagon train of the Cavalry Corps. From the 21st to the 31st of the month we were occupied in the ordinary duties of the march, passing over the barren pine-clad hills and mountains of Northern Alabama and fording its deep, rocky, and rapid streams. On the evening of the 30th we camped at Montevallo, Ala., and rested there until 1 p.m. the next day, when the enemy appearing in some force, our division advanced against him on the road to Randolph, the Second Brigade being in front of the division and the Tenth Missouri Cavalry, of this brigade, in advance of this regiment in the brigade. After driving the enemy some miles, the Second Brigade was relieved by ours (the First), and at 4 p.m. the Tenth Missouri Cavalry, being engaged with the enemy in line, this regiment was ordered to the front. Then Company G, Captain Stidger, was sent to the right flank and Company H to the left, thus placing Company E, under their second lieutenant, Battin, at the head of the column. At the point where the Alabama and Tennessee River Railroad crosses the Randoplh road sabers were drawn and the column with a cheer charged the line of the rebels and broke it instantly, a number of the foe being wounded and captured under the saber alone. At the time Company E charged in front, Company M, under Captain Johnson, was ordered to attack on the right flank, which was also done promptly and with entire success. My acting adjutant, Lieutenant

