
FEBRUARY 18, 1865.- Attack on Fort Jones, near Colesburg, Ky.

Reports of Major Charles B. Leavitt, Twelfth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

COLESBURG, KY., February 18, 1865.

Fort Jones is attacked and three men killed. Can hear the artillery from here. Shall re-enforce them with fifty men. Answer.

C. B. LEAVITT,

Major, Twelfth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, Commanding Station.

General EWING,

Louisville, Ky.

COLESBURG, KY., February 18, 1865.

I took sixty men and went to Fort Jones, from thence to Lebanon Junction. Magruder's guerrilla band, numbering thirty-one men, came within three-quarters of a mile from here, killed three of my men who were on their way from Jones to draw rations. Sue Munday's came within 200 yards of the fort, numbering some sixteen men. Another force is reported on the west of Lebanon Juntion. They robbed a number of citizens, &amp;c. Have returned to Colesburg. Do not anticipate further danger.

C. B. LEAVITT,

Major, Commanding Station.

Brigadier General HUGH EWING,

Louisville, Ky.

FEBRUARY 19, 1865.- Expedition from Barrancas to Milton, Fla.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Andrew B. Spurling, Second Maine Cavalry.

CAMP SECOND MAINE CAVALRY,

Barrancas, Fla., February 20, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I went to Milton, Fla., yesterday, for the purpose of ascertaining the movements and where abouts of the enemy, and to obtain an interview with the rebel Captain Kyeser, in order to make myself certain that nothing had occurred to interfere with the arrangements previously made between us for the surrender of his command. On arriving in the vicinity of his camp I learned from Captain Keyser that, contrary to this expectations, instead of receiving seventy additional men, he had been ordered to Pollard, Ala., with the larger part of his force, leaving only thirty, under command of a lieutenant, to do patrol and picket duty at Milton. The 100 men, the number ordered away, left for Pollard yesterday, and the captain will follow them to-day. I think that a part or the whole of the remaining force at Milton can easily be captured, as I am well informed as to their mode of doing picket duty and know the position of their camp. I saw and conversed with a citizen, a Union man, who came direct from Mobile, leaving that city on the 18th . He, as well as Captain Keyser himself, informed me that the were no troops in Pollard yesterday morning all of them having been sent to Mobile; that the enemy is

4 R R-VOL XLIX, PTI

