
Crawford, Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, and the non-commissioned staff joined me in the charge with Company E and did good service. Lieutenant Crawford's horse was shot from under him, and one of my orderlies was wounded. Lieutenant-Colonel Jones continued the pursuit with great gallantry. This attack was made under the immediate observation of Brevet Major-General Upton, commanding division, and needs no other comment from me than that it resulted in the complete rout of the brigade of rebels under General Roddey and the capture of many of his men, and elicited that applause of General Upont which was again and again given the Third Iowa in the successive battles of this campaign. The enemy fled in three columns, one immediately down the road, one before Captain Johnson, on the right and one over the field to the left. Lieutenant Battin was among the foremost of his gallant company in this charge and pursuit. Company E being relieved by Company F, Lieutenant-Colonel Jones with his company, under Captain Crail, drove the enemy about two miles to and across Mahone or Six-Mile Creek. The enemy, rallying somewhat beyond the creek, attempted to regain the bridge, but in spite of superior numbers Company F held the ground, although at considerable loss, Captain Crail falling wounded with several of his men. The main column of the brigade was threatened by an attack in the rear at this time, but the brigade commander did not see fit to allow me to support the company immediately. In a short time Company K was sent to support Company F, and the column then moved forward to the creek. Dismounting, Major Walker was ordered with Companies A, B, C, and D across the railroad bridge, and with the remainder of the regiment I advanced to join Companies F and K beyond the creek and pushed back the enemy on the road. It was now dark, but in an unbroken line we drove the rebels from point for some three miles farther, when the picket-posts were established and we retired to camp at about 9 p.m. Here the other companies of the regiment joined us. Besides the prisoners taken by this regiment (about sixty in all) a large a number of arms was found thrown away by the enemy in

their flight, and there is no doubt but that the whole brigade in front of us was much demoralized by the charge and proved rather an element of weakness than strength in the forces joining battle with our troops the next day at Ebenezer Church. In this affair this regiment lost 1 enlisted man killed, 1 commissioned officer and 10 enlisted men wounded.

April 1, this regiment left camp at daylight, and moving at the head of our brigade and in rear of the Second Brigade, passed through Randolph at 8 a.m. going south on the road to the left of the railroad, while the Second Division (General Long) advanced on the right of the railroad. Soon after leaving Randolph, Captain Brown with his company (L) was sent to Maplesville to rejoin the regiment at Maplesville Station. Captain Brown found Maplesville occupied by a battalion of the enemy, who resisted his progress. He charged their line and occupied the place, burning some public property, and on retiring captured the officer commanding the picket beyond. He also captured two enlisted men in the town. The result of the attack on this force was to prevent it from venturing to attack our rear when we soon after became engaged at Ebenezer Church. While halting for Company L at Maplesville Station artillery firing was heard in front, and at once moving on we soon learned that the Second Brigade, was engaged in force. This regiment was then ordered to the trot, and at this pace we came cheering on the field of battle. We came into the presence of the enemy at 3 p.m. The Second Division (Long's) was engaged on the extreme

