
right across the Randolph road, while our Second Brigade (under General Alexander) was warmly contending on the left. By immediate order of General Upont I sent Company I (Captain Arnim) to the left in line over the open fields, over which they at once charged, mounted, with carbines the plainly visible lines of the enemy extending across the railroad, being the rebel right wing. This company met the continual volleys of the enemy, who were under the immediate command of the Confederate General Forrest, but the fire was returned with coolness and great effect. At the same time Company K (Captain Honnold), and successively Companies L, M, A, B, C, D, H, E, F, G, charged the line, passing over a deep stream called Bogler's Creek, and drove the foe in complete rout, capturing on the field 250 of the enemy. Companies D and H, under Captain Miller and Captain Grousbeck, pressed on to Plantersville, carrying the standard of the regiment (borne by the gallant Sergeant Burns, of Company G) in advance, and drove a party of rebels from that place, where they attempted to rally. In this charge all the officers and men acted with great gallantry, striving to outdo each other in assailing their old antagonist. I think, however, Captain Arnim, and his company (I) deserve particular mention for their gallant effort. The conduct of Sergt. John Wall, guidon bearer, of Company K, was also admirable. His company charged the line hand to hand with the rebels and this sergeant was shot in the bridle hand, the ball also striking deep into the lance of the guidon. He became the target for a line of muskets. He, however, maintained his place with the company, and, though thus wounded, captured a rebel officer in the heat of the battle. Captain Brown is also deserving of mention for having captured a whole company, officers and men, yet armed and guns loaded, with a force less than that of the prisoners. This was the color company of one of the regiments opposing us, but the colors were secreted by them and not found. At Plantersville Companies D and H were halted, and near this place the regiment and brigade went into camp. In this engagement Lieutenant Veatch, of Company I, and ten men were wounded; names given on annexed exhibit. The regiment also lost 7 horses killed and 11 wounded. There is no doubt that General Forrest and his escort were put to precipitate flight in this charge of the Third Iowa Cavalry, and made to hear the shout of pursuit an triumph as they ingloriously retired. It is with peculiar satisfaction I note this fact for my command, which has marched far and labored long to match this boasting victor of the 10th of June at Guntown, Miss. Time at last has set us even with him.

On the 2nd of April we left our camp, near Plantersville at 10 a.m., my regiment being in rear of our brigade, or on the left. At 2 p.m., the Second Division, under General Long, having taken position on the right of our line of battle, this regiment was ordered to the front of the brigade, and dismounting again took position on the right of the brigade line, moving down the Plantersville road and deploying into line about half a mile from the rebel entrenchments. The Tenth Missouri Cavalry was on my left and the Fourth Iowa Cavalry on the left of the brigade. This compliment to my men was highly appreciated by them, and is a full equivalent for the trophies of war they might have taken from the broken foe had they not been compelled to keep the rear after having led the brigade in all previous engagements. While advancing in this order, the battle opened heavily on the right from an assault by General Long's division, and the battery in our front opened at long range with canister and spherical case-shot, some of the shot falling on my line, but without effect. The assault of the Second Division

