
proved successful, and by the time we could reach the breast-works they had been abandoned by the enemy. Scaling these formidable works, the regiment advanced about 400 yards, when the line was halted and the horses ordered to be brought up. At this point, and about dark, firing commenced on our right flank, and I was ordered to go in support of the right wing. This we did at once, but after marching about a mile over very broken ground we found the Second Division had driven the enemy from his inner lines, and no assistance was further needed. We camped late at night. We met with no loss at Selma. The strength and discipline of the regiment were never more fully displayed than as we marched, 750 dismounted and in line, upon the enemy behind the formidable works of this rebel arsenal. On the 3rd of April I was placed in command of the brigade, and this regiment with the others marched the same day to the rear toward Cahawba River via Summerfield, and swinging around by way of Perryville, Pine Tuckey, and south of Randolph, returned by Ebenezer Church and Plantersville to Selma again on the evening of the 6th. The object of this expedition was to reconnoiter for the enemy, gather information if possible of Croxton's brigade, and protect the corps wagon train, then coming in on the Randolph road. No enemy was found. The distance marched was about 100 miles. On our return to Selma Company B, Captain McKee, was sent back with a party from another command (in all 100 men) to again reconnoiter toward Cahawba River. This officer reached Fike's Ferry at noon, and finding a force of about 300 attempting to cross the river he dismounted a platoon and attacked. He drove the enemy back into the river, killing 3 of them and capturing about 25 mules and horses. A battalion under Major Curkendall was sent the next day to the same point, but the enemy was not prosecuting his effort of the day before and had disappeared. This regiment under my command crossed the Alabama River on the 9th, and was joined at night by the battalion just mentioned, which with scarcely any rest moved again with the column early on the morning of the 10th on the Montgomery road. Marching by way of Benton and Lowndesborough, we reached Montgomery on the 12th, and passed through this surrendered capital with flags flying and bugles sounding. On the 13th instant we rested in camp three miles out on the Columbus road, and in the night of this day six of our companies (E, F, G, H, L, M), under Major Curkendall, were ordered as a provost guard to Montgomery, and did not rejoin me until after the capture of Columbus. They reported their arrival near Columbus before the attack and I earnestly requested that they might be brought up, but they were kept with the train by special order of brigade headquarters, and had to remain there during the engagements at that place.

Marching daily, we arrived before the defenses of Columbus, on the right bank of the Chattahoochee River, at 2 p.m. of April 16. We were first prepared to fight on foot with the rest of the brigade in rear of the Second Brigade, then in position. After this, and about 3 p.m., we again mounted and moved to the extreme right of the rebel line, halting on the way for about two hours, and finally dismounting for action after dark and within musket-range of the rebel line. The six companies of this regiment present (A, B, C, D, I, K) were the only force dismounted at this time for the assault upon the batteries [and] entrenchments. The rebel lines extended in part across the Summerville road, and thence south toward the river and the city beyond, along this road, so as to command the same at short range, something like a letter L, with the short arm advanced and lying across the road, while the main line extended parallel to the road and to the bridge across

