
the river. At the extremity of the short arm was a well-constructed fort (no guns being in position, however) flanked by well-constructed rifle-pits running nearly east across the road, and nearly to another fort at the elbow or angle of the works. In this latter fort were four 12-pounder cannon, well manned and skillfully handled, and the battery was supported by the veterans of all the army in our front. The works were manned to the bridge, and near the bridge were two battalions more one in the road and one in a large fort to the right of the road. This infantry force was well acquainted with all the ground round about, while our attack with six companies, dismounted, was in complete darkness and without a glimpse beforehand of the locality. The detachment of this regiment was first formed dismounted in line facing the fort and breast-works composing the short arm or curtain to the main line, the left of our line resting on the road. This was near 8 p.m. As the last of the line gained position, the enemy opened with a heavy musketry fire on our immediate front, and with two guns (12-pounders) on our left. We went forward at once with a cheer under the heavy fire and cleared the works and the fort, crossing the road and without delay formed the line beyond. This was the opening of the battle, and a decided success. In this first assault the right of the detachment had swept around to the front slightly, and on being halted the new position was a line somewhat oblique to the main line of the enemy. We were ordered to remain there for the time. Two mounted companies Tenth Missouri Cavalry now charged furiously down the main road leading to the bridge over the Chattahoochee River. This charge was gallantly made, but drew from the fort and rifle-pits, now on our left and left rear, a heavy fire of musketry and artillery. My detachment was now ordered to go for this battery, upon which I gave the command so as to make a left wheel of the whole line. The ground over which this evolution had to be performed was very much broken, but the officers and men went forward with a cheer, passing in the profound darkness over fences, ditches, and sloughs, with no other guide than the light and roar of the rebels' fire. Generals Upton and Winslow were present and shared with us the dangers of this hotly contested field. Crossing the Summerville road our line entered the woods beyond, and came within very short musket-range of the troops and battery. These woods were open and descended into a deep hollow,with an almost impassable swamp at the bottom, and immediately beyond on the opposite hill was an abatis of pines pointed outward from the works and with the limbs broken, sharpened, and interlaced. In the darkness and owing to the difficulties of the ground a considerable portion of this detachment under General Upton oblique to the right, and only a few men made the attack upon the immediate front of the battery. Pushing on, however, the right of the line, consisting of parts of nearly, if not quite, all of the companies engaged, gained a lodgment on the work south of the fort. Considerable portions of Companies A, B, and I, under Captains Wilson, McKee, and Arnim, took captive the rebels at an intermediate point of the entrenchments, seizing the garrison flag of the post, Sergeant Birdsall, Company B, gaining this trophy. Captain McKee also advanced with a mere handful of men toward the fort still firing on the left and took a number more prisoners, with which he returned without reaching the fort. The rebels contending here were reserve veterans, but had thus been broken by our unsupported but unhesitating charge. In the meantime it is due to the men who made the immediate attack on the front of the fort to say that they bore themselves most bravely

