
under the close and continuous fire of musketry and cannon to which they were subjected. Twelve of the men who were wounded in the engagement fell on this part of the field, and had it not been for the darkness and the smallness of our force here our loss would have been very severe. Finding the left too weak to take the fort, I so reported to General Upton, and was ordered to let the fort go and hold the entrenchments. My men kept, therefore, the portion gained, and the other troops of the brigade having been brought into action passed over the remainder of the entrenchments to the bridge. The fire of the battery ceased eventually and I collected my companies to mount them, sending a platoon to the fort and intermediate points to collect the wounded and dead. As soon as we got our horses, we advanced with the rest of the brigade over the bridge, now ours. Lieutenant Forker, Company B, with the platoon, found the guns in the fort loaded, but the enemy fled. He was the first officer of ours there, so that, having carried the supports of the battery, seized the garrison flag, and finally reached the guns in position, my regiment claims the honor of having captured this (Clanton's) battery, and also to have broken the lines of the enemy in two successive charges against veteran troops, entrenched and supported by a heavy battery in position and well handled.

The loss of the detachment of the regiment engaged was Captain Miller, Company D, and 2 enlisted men killed, and 17 enlisted men wounded. A list of names and rank is given in the annexed exhibit. Captain Miller fell in the assault upon the first line of works, a shell passing through his side. He truly died, as his last words on the field expressed, "like a Christian and a soldier." My superior officers who joined my command in this night attack upon the heavily manned fortifications of the enemy, have expressed its merits as a military achievement to be of the highest and most honorable character, and I have no doubt will so report officially. I deem the conduct of Captain McKee and Captain Wilson in gaining the works and holding them as worthy of particular mention. I have also to state that Private Tibbets, Company I, captured the battle-flag of Austin's battery in this assault, and is entitled to that credit. This trophy bears on its folds the fields of Belmont, Shiloh, Chickamauga, Farmington, Perryville, and Murfreesborough. For their services and as a mark of distinction my command was made provost guard of Columbus, and went on duty at 10 o'clock of the night of the assault in perfect order. During my performance of the duties of provost-marshal here I seized and destroyed the bulk of the type, forms, paper, ink, and some of the press of the Memphis Appeal, and put Dill, one of the proprietors, under bond. This defiant rebel sheet had field before our arms from Memphis to Grenada, Miss. then to Jackson, Miss. then to Atlanta, Ga., then to Montgomery, Ala., and finally to Columbus, Ga., where it was found in the basement of the Perry House and burnt in the street. We left Columbus at 10 a.m. of 18th of April. Marching on the main Macon road, this command reached this place without further incident on the afternoon of the 21st instant. We have here learned of the cessation of hostilities, and been at peace. I have now present 36 commissioned officers and 826 enlisted men. The regiment has marched direct 560 miles and a total of 660 miles. A more particular statement of losses and captures is annexed. My officers and men have throughout this lont and eventful campaign done their duty well, and have, I know, won for themselves the approval and high praise of the army with

