
steam-boats belonging to the enemy and ladened with cotton, bacon, corn, and salt. The boats were respectively named Henry J. King, Milliner, and Augusta, and their cargoes consisted of about 60 bales of cotton, 12,000 pounds of bacon, 1,100 sacks of corn, and 50 sacks of salt. The boats and cargoes were taken to Montgomery and turned over to the post commander. Making rapid marches, our division (the Fourth) arrived opposite Columbus, Ga., alone on the 16th of April at 2 p.m. After reaching a point on the extreme left of the enemy's works and just out of the reach of his guns, the brigade was halted for abut twenty minutes, then moved by a circuitous and concealed route to the front of the enemy's right, and took a position near the main road leading to the only remaining, bridge over the Chattahoochee, awaiting, in columns of four, orders to charge the enemy and gain possession of the bridge. During this interval of about thirty minutes we were in easy range of the guns in the enemy's fort on our left, which continued to pay us their compliments, in the shape of and shell, but with no other damage than wounding 1 man and killing 1 horse. I was then ordered to move forward at a walk, and upon reaching a point directly opposite the fort just spoken of as being on my left. Brevet Major-General Upton ordered me to dismount a part of the regiment. The First Battalion, under Captain Abraham, and the Second, under Captain Newell B. Dana, were dismounted, and the Third Battalion, Major Dee, ordered to remain mounted and await orders. The dismounted column moved down the road about 150 yards and after deploying one company charged the enemy's works on the left of the road, clearing the line. Here the column turned to the right and at the double-quick moved down the line of entrenchments on the principal fort, running over scores of the enemy and paying no attention to prisoners. Approaching this fort, the whole dismounted force, consisting of Companies A, D, K, C, I, F, and L, were deployed in line and at once charged the works and carried them. The fort was well garrisoned by about 250 men and mounted six guns, four others being planted immediately on its right, which were taken at the same time by the left of the line. A few men were left to hold the fort, and the line pushed forward to the bridge. Sharp fighting took place between the fort and the river, and upon reaching the bridge a portion of our men, mingling in the darkness with the fleeing enemy, rushed over it and captured two guns commanding the passage from the east end. The Third Battalion now came up mounted, and moving over the bridge, charged through the city, still full of the fleeing enemy, and marched to the railroad, but too late to capture the train of cars. It captured, however, a large number of prisoners who up to the time they were ordered to surrender confidently supposed that the Yankees were yet on the other side of the river. First. Lieutenant S. N. Miller, Company L, commanding Company I, was the first officer over the bridge. He was closely followed by Lieuts. S. O. Black, Company L, and L. H. Dilon, Company C. Sergt. Joseph H. Jones, Company L, was seriously wounded after crossing the bridge and while fighting for the guns commanding the passage. The guns and gunners were taken, thus gaining full possession of the bridge, to gain which was the victory. Sergt. Henry C. White and Privates R. H. Cosgriff, and John Kinney, Company L, and Sergts. I. Harry Bodkin, and Charles H. Smith and Corpl. William [Philip?] McCully and Privates Tucker, John M. Andrews, Henry Trimble, and Joseph Winemiller, Company C, and a few men of Company I, were among the first across the bridge. The following-named men captured each a battle-flag in this battle: Corpl. Richard H. Morgan, Company A; Private Edward J. Bebb, Company D; Sergt.

