
anticipating an attack upon that city; that in case 3,000 of our troops should attack Spanish Fort it could be taken, and the rebels, then undoubtedly would evacuate the city. They could give no positive information as to the number of troops at Mobile, but were quite certain that they would number at least 10,000 men, since one division of Hoods' army was detained to assist in the defense of the place. They state that the soldiers of this division are much demoralized. They have various opinion as to the movements of our troops. Their belief now is that soldiers are being sent from Pensacola to re-enforce Sherman in South Carolina. They state that there are very few troops at Greenville or Montgomery, nearly all having been sent with Hood toward South Carolina. I have positive information that the rebels remaking great preparations at Saint Mark's, Fla., to render that a secure port for blockade-runners.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. SPURLING,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Maine Cavalry.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH,

Commanding District of West Florida.

FEBRUARY 19-23, 1865.- Expedition from Eastport, Miss., to Russellville, Ala., with skirmishes (20th) near Tuscumbia, Ala.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Robert R. Stewart, Eleventh Indiana Cavalry, commanding Fifth Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi.

Numbers 2.-Major Gustavus Schnitzer, Second Iowa Cavalry, commanding expedition.

Numbers 1. Reports of Colonel Robert R. Stewart, Eleventh Indiana Cavalry, commanding Fifth Division; Cavalry Corps, Military of the Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Eastport, Miss., February 23, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the reconnoitering party which left here on the morning of February 19, in compliance with instructions from corps headquarters, had just returned. I have not yet received a written report from the officer in charge, but I send you in advance such information as I have gathered in conversation with commanding and other officers of the party. No force was met with on the march. At Tuscumbia the rebel Colonel Windes, of Roddey's command, was captured. About fifteen straggling soldiers were in the place, but these escaped as the reconnoitering force approached the place. Three boats were found and destroyed at the landing near Tuscumbia and opposite Florence. At Russellville the force captured three rebels belonging to Roddey's command. Fifteen or twenty had just left as our forces charged into town, having been apprised of their approach by their sentinels posted on the hills this side of the town. Fifteen negroes were brought in, all of whom have enlisted in the One

