
the 16th instant, when my advance, consisting of six companies of the First Ohio, under Colonel B. B. Eggleston, struck the enemy's outposts at Crawford and followed them with such rapidity as to prevent their burning important bridges over which the command had to pass. Upon arriving opposite Columbus Colonel Eggleston charged into the town of Girard, driving the enemy back to within 200 yards of their entrenchments. Upon a careful reconnaissance of this position it was deemed impracticable to attack from my front. My command was therefore withdrawn, by direction of the brevet major-general commanding, and took no further part in the capture of Columbus.

The march from Columbus to Macon was without incident worthy of note. The average distance marched by the regiments of this brigade is about 650 miles. It has destroyed about $11,000,000 worth of property, principally iron-works and rolling-mills. In the only action in which the brigade has been engaged, the officers and men fought with the greatest gallantry, repeatedly charging and finally putting to rout a force estimated at three or four times their own number. It is worthy of remark that Company L, Seventh Ohio Cavalry, which had the advance at Ebenezer Church and received the first volley from probably 1,000 muskets, maintained its position until the command was deployed, although every man in it was either killed, wounded, or had his clothes riddled with balls. Lieutenant Womeldorff commanded this company. Colonel Garrard behaved with conspicuous gallantry, steadying his men and setting them a brilliant example of coolness an courage. Colonel Eggleston led his men also with great determination and bravery, both on this occasion and in the attack on Columbus. To the officers of the brigade staff, Lieutenants Mitchell, Yeoman, McKee, and Dryden, I am greatly indebted for the or untiring exertions. In the fight at Ebenezer Church they were particularly active in urging forward and leading the men. In conclusion, I am proud to say that the discipline and soldierly conduct of the men of the Second Brigade is only excelled by the gallantry which they have displayed in every encounter with the enemy, and I trust they will receive due credit in the official report of this campaign. The official reports of the regimental commanders are hereto attached.*

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

Major JAMES W. LATTA,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, UPTON'S (4TH) DIV., CAV. CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,East Macon, Ga., May 3, 1865.

Major J. W. LATTA,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to request that Colonel B. B. Eggleston, First Ohio Veteran Volunteer Cavalry may be brevetted for gallant and valuable service rendered during the campaign just closed. He lad his regiment with great gallantry in the fight at Ebenezer Church and again in the charge into Girard. Colonel Eggleston deserves especial praise for the fine discipline, military appearance, and condition of his

---------------

* The report of Colonel Young is the only one found.

---------------

