
Bluff, Ala., on the morning id the 22nd of March, 1865, and now arrested at this place, the Fifth Regiment of Iowa Veteran Volunteer Cavalry has marched 582 miles. On Tuesday, the 28th ultimo, the regiment being in the advance, skirmished very slightly with a few of the enemy from Five-Mile Creek to the town of Elyton, capturing two of them, belonging to the [Fifth] Alabama Cavalry (Colonel Patterson commanding), near the town. This Confederate regiment had been hastily withdraw from the Huntsville and Decatur roads, on which it expected we would have advanced, and had passed through Elyton but a few hours previous to our advance entering. No loss or accident during the day. On Friday, the 31st ultimo, at Montevallo, about 11.30 a. m., the enemy showed themselves in some force in line, the Fifth Iowa Cavalry being in advance; and with one and a half companies, which, with the non-commissioned staff and orderlies, comprised about sixty men in all in column in the main road to Randolph, charge the enemy, breaking their lines, and following them up so closely as to frustrate their attempts to rally. After running our horses for about one mile and a half at the full charge, the hear and exhaustion were so great as to compel us to dismount. Our force proceeded on foot, driving the enemy one or two miles farther, when we were relieved by the First Brigade of the Fourth Division. In the charge (mounted) several of the enemy were ridded down and otherwise wounded; our force, however, was too small to guard the prisoners to the rear. As fast as they surrendered they were faced about and ordered to the rear. Many undoubtedly took this opportunity to escape after surrendering. Twenty of these prisoners were received at corps headquarters. They belonged to Forrest's command, and some were of this provost guard. Proud of the honor of initiating this campaign so promising in important results, the regiment vied with itself in giving eclat to this first meeting with the enemy in force. The regiment lost one man mortally wounded (since dead).

Saturday, April 1, the regiment took part in the battle at Ebenezer Church. Arriving at a critical time, it was dismounted by companies as they arrived, and these were thrown successively against the enemy, where they rivaled one another in pressing forward and in their bravery and daring. Some of the men of the regiment were picked up after the fight utterly exhausted, having charged about two miles on foot and wading Bogler's Creek, pursuing the enemy. The regiment captured one piece of artillery with limber-chest and horses. The capture of prisoners was completely ignored in the eagerness of the men to press forward so long as there was an enemy in front still showing resistance. Shortly after the complete rout of the enemy we were relieved by the First Brigade, Fourth Division, charging in mounted. Sunday, April 16, Companies A and F, under special direction of Brevet Major-General Upton, opened the Assault upon Columbus, charging upon the enemy's right and drawing their infantry and artillery fire. The regiment took a slight part in this engagement by driving in the enemy's outposts and skirmish line in their front and center. We then lay down, under fire from the enemy's artillery, and awaited further orders. Companies E, L, and M, being my advance skirmish line, were ordered forward without my knowledge by the assistant adjutant-general and assistant inspector-general, and to of part in the general assault, which resulted in the capture of the enemy and place without loss or accident. Each and every individual member of the regiment, both officers and men, have during this campaign seemed to contest with each other in bravery, daring, and coolness for the honor

