
consultation on our part it was deemed advisable to evacuate the place, which was done that night, and the enemy took possession of the city the next morning at 8 o'clock. The civil authorities surrendered the city to them. Our forces fell back on the Columbus rad, and the enemy followed us as far as Line Creek, twenty miles from this place, where they camped last night. All the Government stores were removed from Montgomery, also the transportation. Almost all the cotton was burned and the whisky destroyed before the evacuation. Brigadier-General Buford, with the small force of cavalry, is still confronting the enemy at Line Creek. The railroad trains were all removed from Montgomery, and the steam-boats were sent up the Tallapoosa River near Cole's Station, where they are being unloaded. Positive instructions have been given to have the boats burned should it become necessary to prevent their falling into the hands of the enemy. Your communication of the 9th was received be me and answered on the 11th instant. In conformity with the instructions therein contained I have sent the infantry by rail to Columbus, Ga., and will fall back slowly to that place with the cavalry, with Brigadier-General Buford in immediate command.

I am, very respectfully,

DAN'L W. ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

Major W. F. BULLOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 40. Report of Captain Aaron B. Hardcastle, C. S. Army, of operations April 4.
HEADQUARTERS POST TUSCALOOSA, ALA.,April 11, 1865.

SIR: Tuscaloosa was captured by the enemy at 1 o'clock a. m. on the 4th instant. Brigadier-General Croxton's brigade, after being turned by Brigadier-General Jackson's division from a direct march upon this place, down the Tuscaloosa and Elyton, roads, on the side of the Warrior, crosses to the north side of the river at Squads Shoals and moved down on the Watermelon road. The enemy made a forced march of thirty-five miles on the 3rd instant, and picked up on their way all persons who might have given information of their approach. An important scout was captured twelve miles from the post, and the enemy avoided my infantry pickets near the town and in advance of the bridge by dismounting and moving through the fields with negro guides. Their sudden and unexpected appearance at the bridge, and overwhelming numbers, dispersed the militia guard after but a faint show of resistance. The advance of the enemy then entered the town, opened the Government stables took out and led across the river all of the public animals and officers' horses, and rolled away by hand two field pieces of artillery belonging to the State, which were afterward destroyed by them. All of the public property with the exception of the tax in kind burned by Confederates fell into the hands of the enemy. The post quartermaster and clothing quartermaster made their escape with their public funds. The enemy destroyed by fire the university buildings, the factory, the foundry, and the bridge. The two large warehouses in Tuscaloosa and Northport (on the opposite bank of the Warrior), containing several hundred bales of cotton, were

