
unintentionally, it was said, destroyed by fire. Captain Ben. Eddins, a retired officer who had volunteered his services, was mortally wounded at the bridge in the faithful and gallant discharge of his duty. Mr. John Carson, a lad of fifteen years who had volunteered his services, was also badly wounded there, standing up manfully in the discharge of his duty. Herewith you will please find inclosed a list of the captured, who have been paroled by General Croxton. The parole was granted by our request, and each individual pledged himself to the obligations imposed, until properly exchanged or until some special arrangement was made by our commanding officers. It is my intention to submit to you at some future time a full report of my management of the defense of Tuscaloosa and of its capture, and until that time I hope that you may believe what i avow - that I did the best I could with the means I had.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. HARDCASTLE,

Captain, C. S. Army.

Major JOHN RAWLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 26, 1865.- Skirmish in Bath County, Ky.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Edward H. Hobson, U. S. Army, commanding First Division Department of Kentucky.

Numbers 2.- Major Horatio N. Benjamin, One hundred and eighty-fifth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Edward H. Hobson, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Department of Kentucky.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., March 30, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform you that a detachment of mounted men, sixty in number, sent out from Mount Sterling to scout the country beyond Owingsville, in Bath County, were attacked by a superior force of rebels, killing 4 and wounding 7. Loss to Federals, 1 killed and 4 wounded. The rebels were commanded by Lieutenant Saunders, one of the flag-of-truce party accompanying rebel Colonel D. Howard Smith. Troops serving on the Big Sandy River have been doing good work, killing and capturing rebels and guerrillas. Received at this place last night thirty prisoners and rebel deserters from Big Sandy. It affords me great pleasure to inform you that I have succeeded in establishing an outpost at Painsville; have caused to be erected at Paintsville suitable stockades for the accommodation of troops and supplies. Will forward to your headquarters, as soon as it is received, full official report of engagement beyond Mount Sterling.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain E. B. HARLAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of Kentucky, Louisville, Ky.

