
Numbers 2. Report of Major Horatio N. Benjamin, One hundred and eighty-fifth Ohio Infantry.

MOUNT STERLING, March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I sent Captain Wilson with sixty men to arrest E. Lewis and John Day, and on the night of the 26th instant they were attacked my 125 rebels. Our loss was 1 killed and 5 wounded. The captain was obliged to come back. Said to be about 400 encamped there, about fifteen miles from Owingsville. If you could send me a sufficient force, I should like to give them a fight.

H. N. BENJAMIN,

Major, Commanding.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 28, 1865.- Skirmish at Germantown, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Hasbrouck Davis, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES,Collierville, Tenn., March 29, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the vedettes of the Eleventh New York at Germantown were attacked yesterday about noon by four men. A skirmish followed, in which 2 or our men were wounded, 1 supposed mortally, and 1 of the enemy was captured. The prisoners is sent by to-day's train to the provost-marshal at Memphis, and I inclose to you a furlough found on his person, which shows General Forrest to have been at West Point on the 15th. The country is well patrolled and no enemy in force found. As the railway progress, the forces shall be disposed as your order. At present we have reached the twin bridges where the First Brigade is encamped, and will probably reach La Fayette on Saturday. Lieutenant Denninson was to have been nominated for brigade quartermaster, but as he has been mustered out I cannot make a new nomination till I have seen you. I hope you will suspended action for the present and let the regimental quartermasters supply their regiments as they have been doing. In the case of Temple, about from a report was made yesterday, Lieutenant-Colonel McQueen informs me that the horse is marked "U. S." and the arms "C. S." I inclose an order which will show the policy adopted by me toward citizens.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

H. DAVIS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel E. D. OSBAND,

Commanding Cavalry Division.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] WEST POINT, MISS., March 15, 1865.

Major J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I would most respectfully ask for a furlough for fifteen days to go to De Soto County, Miss., to get a horse which I have there. I

