
can get the horse and return to the command within the time above stated. I have no horse here.

Very respectfully,

WARREN T. BASS,

Private, Company A, Second Missouri Cavalry.

This will certify that the above statements are correct, and it is believe the applicant will report promptly to his company at the expiration of this furlough.

A. L. ZOLLINGER,

Captain, Commanding Company A, Second Missouri Cavalry.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, Numbers 1. Collierville, Tenn., March 25, 1865.

In assuming command of the cavalry forces on the line of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad occasion is taken to remind the troops that they are now in a country regarded by the Government as conquered; that a loyal State organization exists, and the inhabitants are under the protection of the Union forces. It is therefore expected that all good soldiers will conduct themselves so as to give no just cause of offense. The fact that the good name of the cavalry is at stake ought to be a sufficient inducement to good behavior, but if further is needed it will be found in the fact the commanding general has ordered all damages done to be assessed against the depredators when discovered, and in cases where no discovery is made against the whole force. Commanders of regiments will adopt every precaution against straggling. All stragglers will be reported at these headquarters to be placed at work upon the railroad. This order will be read at the head of every company of the command.

By order of Colonel H. Davis:

I. CONROE,

Lieutenant, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

APRIL 1-4, 1865.- Expedition from Dalton to Spring Place and the Coosawattee River, Ga., with skirmishes.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Werner W. Bjerg, One hundred and forty-seventh Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND SEPARATE DIVISION, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Dalton, Ga., April 8, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report, viz:

I left Dalton on Saturday morning about 9 o'clock, the 1st day of April, in command of an expedition consisting of 300 men, infantry (One hundred and forty-seventh Illinois, in charge of Major Bush), and eighty men, cavalry (Sixth Tennessee, in charge of Major Bean), several teams, &amp;c., and took the wagon road leading to a small town in Murray County called Spring Place; arrived at Glace Ferry on the river about 12 m. I crossed the river in a small ferry-boat, swimming the horses, and then struck for Spring Place, distant about seven miles from the ferry. Arrived there about 10 p. m. I sent a reconnoitering

