
APRIL 3-4, 1865.- Scout from Huntsville to near Vienna, Ala.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John W. Horner, Eighteenth Michigan Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Huntsville, Ala., April 5, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the evening of the 3rd instant I started with a force of sixty-five men from the Eighteenth Michigan Volunteer Infantry on a scout in the direction of Vienna. Starting at 6 p. m. on that day, we moved out on the Whitesburg road four miles, where we filed to the left and crossed the Huntsville Mountain into what is known as the Big Cove. We passed down the cove to the ford of Flint River, known as Woods' Ford; distance, sixteen miles form Huntsville. From this I sent out a mounted detachment under Captain Reed, chief of scouts, within four miles of Vienna, which encountered no opposition. We secured sixteen horses taken from rebels, which I have turned over to Captain Reed for mounting scouts; also about one ton of Indian meal from the mill of Mr. Woods, whose house has been a notorious rendezvous for Johnson's command. From information gathered from various sources I learn that Johnson's command are scattered between Flint and Paint Rock River, from the railroad to the Tennessee River. In fact, nearly all the rebel troops raised in that country have returned and are roaming the country in squads. No damage is to be apprehended from them beyond a raid upon some weakly defended portion of the railroad, and I am of the opinion that of our forces along the railroad will inaugurate an offensive instead of a defensive policy they will be intimated from any depredations. They are a cowardly set of fellows, are disposed to magnify our forces, and can be attacked with impunity upon all occasions, irrespective of numbers. I will make a raid into the country about New Market and the Hurricane to-night with sixty men, and to-morrow night will stir them up over the river.

Very respectfully,

JOHN W. HORNER,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighteenth Michigan Vol. Infantry, Commanding Post.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Commanding District of Northern Alabama.

APRIL 5-7, 1865.- Scout from Huntsville to New Markert, Maysville, etc., Ala.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John W. Horner, Eighteenth Michigan Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Huntsville, Ala., April 7, 1865.

I have the honor to report that on the evening of the 5th instant I started with 100 infantry in wagons and Captain Reed's company of Alabama scouts in the direction of New Market. I crossed Flint River at Bell Factory, ten miles from this place. From that point I sent out small detachments to new Market, Maysville, Dillingworth's Cove, and Sharp's Cove, from which places we drove out small parties of rebels thieves. There is no organized rebel force in that section. Mead has not returned, and is supposed to have been killed. We have nothing

