
to apprehended from these parties, and I have it from very good authority that they do not intend to interfere with our garrisons or molest our communications. Those in arms have quit legitimate fighting and taken to plundering. I believe a judicious distribution of fire-arms among the citizens adjacent to this post, or permission to them to keep them, would be their best protection. With the mounted force now at my command I apprehend no difficulty in preventing their depredations in the vicinity of this post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. HORNER,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighteenth Michigan Vol. Infantry, Commanding Post.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Commanding District of Northern Alabama.

APRIL 13-16, 1865.- Scouts about Lexington, Ky.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Edward H. Hobson, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Department of Kentucky.

Numbers 2.- Lieutenant Colonel John G. Rogers, Fifty-fourth Kentucky Infantry.

Numbers 3.- Major Cyrus J. Wilson.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Edward H. Hobson, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Department of Kentucky.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., April 17, 1865.

I have the honor to report that my scouts and detachments of mounted men in every section of my division are doing good work in breaking up guerrilla bands. Troops beyond Mount Sterling captured six guerrillas on yesterday. On Friday last when at Lebanon, I directed Captain Penn to move with his company of mounted State Guards, and if possible intercept Marion, the noted guerrilla. One company, Fifty-third Kentucky, has been ordered to move from Camp Nelson through Bloomfield and Mackville, for the purpose of driving Marion toward New Haven. This plan worked as I expected, and this morning I have the gratifying intelligence that Captain Pann's men killed Marion on yesterday. My mounted force is so arranged at this time that it will result in the killing and capturing of every guerrilla in the division or compel them to surrender. Mose Webster's men will, I think, come in and give themselves up in compliance with an arrangement entered into between my adjutant, Captain J. S. Butler, and Mose Webster. I will endeavor in a few days to have mounted force in the counties of Monroe, Metcalfe, and Barren.

Very respectfully,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of Kentucky, Louisville, Ky.

