
Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John G. Rogers, Fifty-fourth Kentucky Infantry.

LEBANON, KY., April 17, 1865.

Marion, the guerrilla, was killed yesterday by Captain Penn's company of Kentucky State troops. Captain Terrill is on his way to louisville with the body and may claim the honor. He took the body while Penn and his men were pursuing the balance of the guerrillas. He had only two men in the fight and they had pistols only. Marion was killed by a carbine cartridge. I send this in justice to captain Penn. Particulars by mail.

JNO. G. RIDGERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

Major-General PALMER,

Headquarters, Louisville.

Numbers 3. Report of Major Cyrus J. Wilson.

NEW HAVEN, KY., April 16, 1865.

Had a fight with Marion and Quantrill on the evening of 13th near Bloomfield. Had 1 man killed and 3 wounded. Killed 2 and wounded 3 of the enemy. Captain Penn reported to me at Bloomfield, where we joined Captain Terrill and pursued to Marion County. On the morning of the 15th we routed Wanton; found Marion at still house; he was shot dead by one of Terrill's men. The body is lying at New Haven.

C. J. WILSON,

Major.

General PALMER.

APRIL 18, 1865.- Skirmish near Germantown, Tenn.

Report of Captain George W. Smith, Eleventh New York Cavalry.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT ELEVENTH NEW YORK CAVALRY,Germantown, Tenn., April 19, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that yesterday as the patrol was marching from Germantown to Collierville it was attacked by a force of the enemy about six miles from Germantown. The force of the enemy is variously estimated from 60 to 100 strong, while the patrol was but eighteen strong, under Lieutenant John H. Mills, D Company, this regiment. The enemy were concealed behind some houses, and waited until the patrol got to within 100 yards of them, when they charged. Lieutenant Mills drew his men in line, but, after delivering a volley with their carbines, found he would be overpowered be a far superior force, and ordered his men to fall back to the camp at Germantown. He was closely pursued by a well-mounted portion of the enemy to within about two miles of this place (Germantown). The attacking party are supposed to be a part of Ford's command. Those of our men who fell from their horses, or were poorly mounted, were shot. Those who were

