
killed or wounded were robbed of everything, they (the rebels) even taking the boots from some of the dead. The casualties of this command are as follows.* I have just received a telegraph from Major Morgan, in which he, by order of General Washburn, directs that no patrols will be sent less than fifty men. I have but 190 men available for duty. Out of that my picket, thirty-two men daily; my scouting parties, thirty men daily, and all the camp duties, have to be taken, leaving me no force at all with which to operate to any advantage. I know of fifty men who are mounted on horses which are serviceable, that are in the camp at the headquarters of the regiment at Memphis. If I can have those men and 100 dismounted men for camp duties, I can operate against these guerrillas to advantage, as I have reliable information concerning their haunts.

Hoping that my request for a few more men may meet your approbation and that it may be complied with at your earliest practicable convenience, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. SMITH,

Captain, Commanding Detachment Eleventh New York Cavalry.

Captain E. J. MEYERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Division, Dist. of West Tennessee.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., April 24, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding District of West Tennessee. The additional mounted men asked for have been ordered. I must ask that the detail of fifty men for each patrolling party be countermanded, as we have not a sufficient number if men in the command - mounted - to obey the order.

E. D. OSBAND,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

APRIL 23-26, 1865.- Scout from Pulaski, Tenn., to Rogersville, Ala.

Report of Captain Albert L. Hathaway, Eighth Michigan Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Pulaski, Tenn., April 29, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I left camp of the Eighth Michigan Cavalry on Sunday, the 23rd instant, with fifty men and proceeded in the direction of Lamb's Ferry by the way of Gilbertsborough and Rogersville. Arriving at the ferry on te second day, saw a small party of Confederate cavalry near the ferry, numbering about nine men, but did not succeed in capturing any of them as they were well mounted. From all the information I could get I learned that Major Gilbert had a small command of about thirty men on the south side of the Tennessee River near Lamb's Ferry. They a ferry-boat and come over this side of the river in small parties and are scouting around the country between the Tennessee River and Sugar Creek. I could not learn that they were doing any damage or troubling any person. I

---------------

* Nominal list (here omitted) shows 6 men killed, 2 wounded, and 7 missing.

---------------

33 R R - VOL XLIX, PT I

