
do not think there are over ten Confederate soldiers at any one time over this side of the river in the vicinity of Lamb's Ferry or Sugar Creek. I returned to camp on Wednesday, the 26th instant, having been absent from camp four days on the scout and traveled about 100 miles; which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. HATHAWAY,

Captain Company I, Eighth Michigan Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Pulaski, Tenn., April 30, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to brig. General W. D. Whipple, chief of staff, Army of the Cumberland, who is invited to compare this report with the many alarming dispatches recently received from Brigadier-General Granger.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

APRIL 29, 1865.- Skirmish in Lyon County, Ky.

Report of Captain Joseph Lugar, One hundred and fifty-third Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Princeton, Ky., April 30, 1865.

I have to report that yesterday I received a report that the guerrillas were crossing the river this way. I sent out all the cavalry and thirteen of my company. They had a fight with them. My men were under the command of Captain Overby, of the Seventeenth Kentucky Cavalry. My men were driven back, with the loss of 5 killed, 2 wounded, and 5 missing. The names of the killed in Company D are James Blue and Andrew Wilson; the wounded, Corpl. David Eyestone, and missing, Robert W. Wilson and John T. Mather. Of the cavalry there are killed Joseph W. Reynolds, Moses Hurley, R. Benjamin Henderson; of the wounded, Joshua C. Henderson, and missing, Rufus M. Overby, Willis A. Pollard, and A. D. Hudleston. The force of the rebels was about 140 from the best information I can get. I have just heard that seventy-five guerrillas crossed Treadwater this morning at Wilson's Bridge, going toward the Ohio River. The men you sent arrived here this morning. I cannot pursue the without more men as the cavalry that I had lost all their horses and arms, or nearly all. We can and will hold this post against all the men that can come against it, or any number less than 1,000 men. A considerable number of the guerrillas are scouting around in the country. I will have the cavalry scout around near here until I get more men.

Yours, respectfully,

JOSEPH LUGAR,

Captain Co. D, 153rd Regiment Indiana Vols., Commanding Post., Princeton, Ky.

Major LEWIS WOLFLEY.

The guerrillas were commanded by Cypress [Sypert]. I will give you further news by mail to-morrow.

