
north and eastward from Thomasville and Tallahassee. The troops occupied almost a continuous line from the Etowah River to Tallahassee, Fla., and the mouth of the Flint River, with patrols all the country to the northward and eastward, and small detachments at the railroad stations in the rear of the entire line. It was expected that the patrols and pickets would discover the trail of Davis and his party and communicate the intelligence by courier rapidly enough to secure prompt and effective pursuit. The reports of Captain Hathaway, Lieutenant-Colonel Harnden, and Colonel Minty will show how fully these expectations were realized. Lieutenant-Colonels Harnden and Pritcherd are entitled to great credit for the zeal and activity with which they conducted the pursuit of Davis after they had obtained a certain clue to his movements. It is but simple justice to these worthy officers to say they were both ignorant at the time of the capture that a reward had been offered for the fugitives. I have the honor to recommend, in view of all the facts, that medals of honor be presented to all of te officers and men of the First Wisconsin and Fourth Michigan actually engaged in the pursuit south of Abbeville, and that the reward be equitably divided between those actually engaged in the capture, ample provision being made first for the families of the men killed and wounded in the unfortunate affair between the two regiments. The cavalry, amounting to 4,000 or 5,000, which started with Davis, was paroled either by my command or that of Brevet Brigadier-General Palmer.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Department of the Cumberland.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 13, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

I have the honor to recommend and request the appointment of Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin D. Pritchard, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, to be colonel and brigadier-general by brevet for gallant and distinguished services in the capture of Jefferson Davis.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General John T. Croxton, U. S. Army, commanding First Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 17, 1865.

MAJOR: In compliance with circular order of yesterday from corps headquarters, I have the honor to report that at 5 o'clock on the evening

