
of the 3rd instant, in obedience to orders from the general commanding the corps, the Fourth Kentucky (mounted) Infantry of this command moved with instructions to march to New man and watch the Chattahoochee between that point and Marietta for the purpose of intercepting the rebels chieftain, Jeff. Davis. On the 4th, at noon, I was ordered to recall them. The order to that end reached them at daylight on the morning of the 5th five miles west of Barnesville. On the morning of the 6th, at 2 o'clock, I received order to guard the Ocmulgee from Macon to them mouth of the Towaliga, and forthwith dispatched a detachment of the Sixth Kentucky, at the same time ordering the Fourth Kentucky (mounted) Infantry, which had reached Forsyth, to move east to and cover the Ocmulgee between the points indicated, relieving the Sixth Kentucky. On the afternoon of that day I expressed to the brevet major-general commanding the opinion that J. Davis could not by any possibility evade the troops between Washington, Ga., and the Chattahoochee, and as a matter of necessity would turn south, pass between Macon, and Savannah, and run the blockade on the Florida coast. I was ordered by him to send a battalion toward Savannah, and accordingly sent Lieutenant-Colonel Harnden, First Wisconsin Cavalry, instructing him to move as rapidly as possible to Dublin, leaving a company twenty miles from Macon to scout and act as couriers. Colonel Harnden's report is forwarded herewith, together with a list of officers engaged with him. The scouts from the Fourth Kentucky (mounted) Infantry have been active, and I have reason to except that the evidence discovered by them will lead to the recovery of a part, if not all, of the traitor chieftain's booty.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Harnden, First Wisconsin Cavalry, Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST WISCONSIN CAVALRY,Near Macon, Ga., May 13, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with your orders of the 6th instant, I marched from Macon on the evening of that day with 150 men of the First Wisconsin Cavalry and proceeded to Jeffersonville, Twiggs County. Leaving Lieutenant Hewitt with thirty men to watch the cross-roads at that place, I continued the march on to Thomas' Cross-Roads, Wilkinson County, where I learned that a large party of paroled men from General Johnston's army had just passed that point on their way home; some were armed and others were not, but all were mounted. After feeding our animals, I continued on to Dublin, Lawrence County, arriving there about 5 p. m. (May 7), and encamped near the ferry across Oconee River, having marched a distance of fifty-five miles. At Dublin I learned from some negroes that a train of light wagons and ambulances had crossed the ferry during the day, and going on the Jacksonville road, attended by an escort and having some led horses; but the citizens of Dublin disclaimed all knowledge

