
act of bad faith toward a fellow soldier, resulted in a crime, and for this closing scene of the rebellion, inglorious in itself, but historic by circumstance, it is difficult to repress a wish that accident had afforded the Government a representative above suspicion.

O. H. LA GRANDE,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,May 15, 1865.

Respectfully forward.,

As an act of justice to all parties, I recommend that this report, together with that of Lieutenant-Colonel Pritcherd, be forwarded to the Secretary of War, with the request that they be published in the Army and Navy Gazette.

JNO. T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Third indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 19, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded; the recommendation of General Croxton approved.

Justice to a brave and skillful officer impels me to say I do not think the strictures of Colonel La Grande warranted by the facts. Colonel Pritcherd would have been more culpable had he have remained in camp, knowing the object of his search had already passed on. I am unwilling to believe him intentionally guilty of any act in becoming a good soldier Colonel Harnden and his command are certainly, on the other hand, entitled to a full share of the credit in apprehending Jeff. Davis, and in no way to blame for the collision between his own command and that of Colonel Pritchard.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

ADDENDA.

Honorable JOSEPH HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General of the United States:

I have the honor to represent that, in obedience to orders from Colonel O. H. La Grande, commanding Second Brigade, First Division Cavalry, Military Division of the Mississippi, I reported with one battalion of the First Wisconsin Cavalry to Brigadier-General Croxton, commanding First Division of the Mississippi, at Macon, Ga., on the 6th day of May, 1865. My orders from General Croxton were verbal, to proceed in search of Jefferson davis; to march to Dublin on the Oconee River; to leave men at the cross-roads at Jeffersonville and also at Dublin; to proceed with the rest on toward the Savannah River, unless I could get some of jeff. Davis, that case to pursue and capture him, if possible. I left Macon with my command at 6 p. m. May 6, 1865, marching to Jeffersonville, Twings County, where I left Lieutenant Hewit, with thirty men. I continued on toward the Oconee River, marching all night and the next day, arriving at Dublin, Lawrence County, about 5 p. m. May 7; distance from Dublin [Macon], fifty-miles. The roads were very sandy, and the day intensely hot; men and horses much exhausted. Before reaching Dublin I sent

