
and not far distant. Believing it to be my duty as an officer to communicate to Lieutenant-Colonel Pritchard the information in my possession in regard to Jeff. Davis, I sent Lieutenant Clinton in charge of the command forward on the Irwinville road, going attended only by an orderly to meet Lieutenant-Colonel Pritchard. I gave to Lieutenant-Colonel Pritchard all the information in my possession in regard to Jeff. Davis. I information him that Jeff. Davis and family had passed that morning in the direction of Irwinville, and that my command had gone on in pursuit; also that a part of his train, with an escort, was still on the east side of the river. Lieutenant-Colonel Pritchard informed me that he was out after Jeff. Davis, but until then had heard nothing from him, and that his orders were to camp at Abbeville and guard the ferries on the river, offering me at the same time some of his men if I needed them. I declined the offer, as my force was ample and it was very difficult to get subsistence for men and horses, and neither of our commands had any rations. Parting with Lieutenant-Colonel Pritchard about 2 p. m., I hastened on and overtook my command. Some eight or ten miles out from Abbeville we came upon the place where the Davis party had stopped to feed and rest. They had left so recently that their fire was still burning. We passed on until after dark, probably about 9 o'clock, when, coming to water, I ordered a halt, giving orders to graze the horses a short time, as we had no corn, and be ready for an early start. At this time I knew that Mr. Davis' party were not very far away, and so informed my command, but I supposed we were near the Allapaha River, and that the Davis party had probably crossed over. A had been informed that the ford was difficult, and I did not wish to come down to the river in the night, for fear of alarming Mr. Davis and enabling him to escape on horseback under cover of the darkness. We had made this day about forty-five miles.

May 10, started at 3 a. m. We had marched a miles or so, when the advance, under Sergeant Hussey (who was an experienced soldier), was suddenly halted and ordered to dismount. Thinking, of course, he was upon the rebel picket, the sergeant answered "Friends," at the same time giving the word to his six men to retreat, when a heavy volley was fired upon him and his party. This was rapidly followed by the second volley. I called for ten men and dashed ahead to where the volley had been fired, when we were greeted by another volley from what I judged to be from twenty to thirty muskets. It was so dark that I could distinguished no one, and only saw at this time the fire from their guns. I then rapidly formed my line, dismounting about one-half of my force. We then pressed on the enemy. After one charge we forced them into a swamp. At this juncture I saw a line of mounted men near on my left. Ordering Sergeant Horr, with a small party, to pursue the enemy who had disappeared in the swamp, I turned with my whole remaining force against their mounted men, who I saw greatly outnumbered my own. The firing was continued on both sides with spirit until Sergeant Horr came running to me saying that he had captured a prisoners, and that our opposes were Union troops. I instantly gave orders to stop firing, which was soon followed by a cessation on the part of our opponents. I then rode forward, and the first man I met was Lieutenant-Colonel Pritchard. I asked him how he came to be fighting us. He said that after we had parted at Abbeville he had selected a portion of his best mounted men and taken another way, and had got to Irwinville first, and that the wagon train had just been captured near at hand. I inquiring of him if Davis was taken. He said that he did not know. He and I then over a narrow strip of swamp about fifty yards wide, when we found the wagon train and

