
Jeff. Davis and party, guarded by a small force of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry. Ascertaining that the whole party were prisoners, and that my mission was ended, I prepared to return to Macon, where I arrived on the 13th of May, 1865. Of my men there were wounded Corpl. G. W. Sykes, of Company D, arm badly shattered near the shoulder; Private C. W. Seely, Company D, wounded in the leg severely; Nalson Appley, Company D, in the shoulder slightly. This affair took place about twenty-five miles from Abbeville and within one mile of Irwinville, Irwin County, Ga. Of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry two men were killed and one officer badly wounded. I will here say that I had no intimation of the presence of any Union troops nearer than Abbeville, and that I believe all the while that we were fighting with Jeff. Davis' escort. Had we not been waylaid and fired upon by the Fourth Michigan Cavalry we should without a doubt have captured Jeff. Davis even sooner than it was effected. For further information I will refer to my official report, made to General upon my return to Macon.* In view of all the facts, I do for myself and the officers and men of my command who were with me at the time of the capture claim a due share of the reward offered by the President for the capture of Jefferson Davis.

Respectfully submitted.

HENRY HARNDEN,

Late Lieutenant-Colonel First Wisconsin Cavalry.

STATE OF WISCONSIN,

Jefferson County:

Henry Harnden, being duly sworn, on oath says that in the month of May, A. D. 1865, he was in command of the First Regiment of Wisconsin Cavalry, and that all the foregoing statements by him made are true.

HENRY HARNDEN.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th day of December, 1865.

O. F. WEED,

Justice of the Peace.

STATE OF WISCONSIN,

Jefferson County:

I, John C. Kelley, clerk of the circuit court in and for the county and State aforesaid, do hereby certify that O. F. Weed, justice of the peace, esquire, whose name is subscribed to the certificate or proof of acknowledgment of the annexed instrument, was at the date thereof an acting justice of the peace, duly elected and qualified, and duly authorized by law to administer oaths, take and certify acknowledgments, &amp;c.; and further, that I am well acquainted with the handwriting of said O. F. Weed, and verily believe that the signature thereto is genuine, and that said instrument is executed and acknowledged according to the laws of this State.

It witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and affixed the seal of said court this 13th day of December, 1865.

JOHN C. KELLEY,

Clerk of Circuit Court, Jefferson County, State of Wisconsin.

STATE OF WISCONSIN,

Green Lake County:

James J. Aplin, being duly sworn, on oath says that he was a private in Company K, Private Regiment Wisconsin Cavalry; that he acted as

---------------

* See p. 517.

---------------

