
orderly for Lieutenant Colonel Henry Harnden, and was with him in the pursuit and capture of Jefferson Davis; that he heard the conversation between Lieutenant-Colonel Pritchard and Lieutenant-Colonel Harnden referred to in the statement of Lieutenant-Colonel Harnden, and that he knows of his own knowledge that all the facts set forth in the whole of said statement are true.

JAMES J. APLIN.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 14th day of December, 1865.

THOS. C. RYAN,

Notary Public.

STATE OF WISCONSIN,

County of Green Lake, ss:

OFFICE OF THE CREEK OF THE CIRCUIT COURT.

I, Albert Long, clerk of the circuit court for the county aforesaid, do hereby certify that Thomas C. Ryan, esq., whose name is subscribed to the annexed instrument as notary public, was at the date thereof an acting notary public, duly appointed and qualified, and by law authorized to take acknowledgments and administer oaths; that I am acquainted with the handwriting of said notary, and verily believe the signature thereto purporting to be his is genuine; and I further certify that said instrument is executed and acknowledged according to the laws of this State.

Witness my hand and seal of said court at Datford this 14th day of December, A. D. 1865.

ALBERT LONG,

Clerk.

STATE OF WISCONSIN,

Waukesha County, ss:

Orson P. Clinton, being duly sworn, on oath says that he was second lieutenant of Company B, of the First Regiment of Wisconsin Cavalry, and with Lieutenant-Colonel Harnden during the pursuit and capture of Jefferson Davis; that he has heard read the foregoing statement made by Lieutenant-Colonel Harnden and knows the contents thereof; that the same is true of his knowledge (except the conversation referred to with Lieutenant-Colonel Pritchard, which he verily believes to be true.)

ORSON P. CLINTON.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th day of December, 1865.

C. G. HEATH,

Justice of the Peace, Waukesha County, Wis.

STATE OF WISCONSIN,

Waukesha County, ss:

I, John Forbes, clerk of the circuit court in and for the county and State above named, do hereby certify that C. G. Heath, esq., before whom the foregoing affidavit was made, and who has hereunto signed his name, was at the date thereof a justice of the peace in and for the county and State aforesaid, duly elected and qualified and authorized by law to administer oaths; that all his official acts as such entitled to full faith and credit, and that his signature thereto is genuine.

