
Colonel Pritchard, and affidavits from First Lieutenant and Bvt. Captain H. S. Boutell and Second Lieutenant and Bvt. First Lieutenant A. B. Purinton, which I beg leave to lay before you without further remark. I respectfully ask that these documents be given to the public in the same manner as Lieutenant-Colonel Harnden's report and Colonel La Grande's ungenerous indorsement, which have thrown a slur upon the name and character of one of the most honorable and gallant officers in the service, by imputing to him motives entirely at variance with the character of an officer and gentleman.
I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel Fourth Michigan Cavalry, Brevet Brigadier-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

War Department, Washington, D. C.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] STATE OF TENNESSEE, County of Davidson, ss:

On this 5th day of July, 1865, personally appeared before me Henry S. Boutell, first lieutenant, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, and being duly sworn says: On the morning of the 10th day of Mau, 1865, I was in command od a portion of the detachment of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel B. D. Pritchard, which captured Jeff. Davis and party near Irwinville, Ga. That I took part in the unfortunate engaged which took place between the detachments of the Fourth Michigan and First Wisconsin Cavalry on said morning. That I led the advance of the main column of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry which was ordered up from the rebel camp when the firing commenced between the dismounted force under Lieutenant Purinton, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, and the First Wisconsin. That, while moving directly up the road and before reaching the scene of action as I supposed, I was met with a heavy volley from an unseen force concealed behind trees, &amp;c., and from which I received a severe wound and had one man, Private Rupert, of Company C, killed. I then halted and commenced forming my men in line when I saw Colonel Pritchard coming up, and, as I was growing weak from loss of blood, I informed him that I was wounded and rode to the rear. That I have seen the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Harnden, commanding the First Wisconsin, as printed in the newspapers, in which he states that he forced back the Fourth Michigan Cavalry, &c., and that while the fight was going on between his command and Colonel Pritchard's, a portion of his (Lieutenant-Colonel Pritchard's) force captured the train, Jeff. Davis, and family, both of which statements are incorrect, for my forces were neither charged nor driven, and as regards the capture of Davis'camp, &c., it had been in our possession from five to ten minutes before a shot was fired by either party. That after the engagement I was placed in an ambulance, together with three of the wounded men of the First Wisconsin, one by the name of Sykes, corporal, Company D (I think), the other names I have forgotten, and in this manner we were conveyed to Macon and placed in the same hospital. During the time that we were thus together I had several conversations with these men regarding the cause of the collision of the forces, in which they invariably attributed all the blame to the sergeant in command of the advance guard of the First Wisconsin for not answering the challenge of Lieutenant Purinton in a proper manner, saying that the whole thing would have

