
been avoided if their duty sergeant had been in charge of the advance. That they were with the advance guard and heard distinctly Lieutenant Purinton's hail, who asked them what command they belonged to, but do not recollect what they said their sergeant's reply was, and further deponent saith not.

HENRY S. BOUTELL,

First Lieutenant, Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th day of July, 1865.

J. G. DICKINSON,

Adjutant Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] STATE OF TENNESSEE, County of Davidson:

A. B. Purinton, second lieutenant, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, being duly sworn, deposes and says that I was with that portion of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry, under command of Lieutenant Colonel B. D. Pritchard, engaged in the capture of Jeff. Davis and party, near Irwinville, Ga., on the morning of May 10, 1865. That before the attack on the rebel camp I was placed in command of a force of twenty-five dismounted men by Lieutenant-Colonel Pritchard, with directions to make the circuit of the rebel camp on the left, to gain a position in the rear of the same, and thus prevent all escape in that direction; to make the circuit if possible undiscovered, but if I was discovered in my movements, and an alarm was raised, I was to move upon the camp from any points which I might then hold or occupy, that if no alarm was raised he (Lieutenant-Colonel Pritchard) would consider I had gained the position designated, where I was to rest until the attack should be commenced upon the camp, at the same time giving me special orders and cautioning me to ascertain the character of all parties and men whom I might meet before firing upon them, as the First Wisconsin Cavalry might be on the road. In obedience to said orders I successfully executed my mission in gaining the rear of the camp without discovery. When, to ascertain more definitely who the parties were in the encampment, I sent Sergeant Cavanagh, of G Company, to espy out its exact locality and learn whether they were friends or foes. He reported on returning that the camp was composed of tents and several wagons and ambulances; that there were no guards posted so that he could judge of their character; so that they had wagons and tents, which was conclusive to my mind that they were Confederates, as we had no force in that country with trains or tents. I had held my position for an hour or more when I heard mounted men approaching us from the rear, as we were then facing toward the camp. When they had approached to within fifteen or twenty rods of my position I discovered that there were six or eight of them, when I stepped out in person and halted them, and received the reply at firs "Friends," when I ordered one to ride forward, which they refused to do. I then asked them what command they belonged to, when they replied, "By God, you are the men we are looking for." I then told them if we were the men they were looking for to come forward, when they immediately wheeled and fled, when I, supposing they must be the enemy, ordered my men to fire on them. In about five minutes I heard a column as I supposed approaching, and when they had arrived about at the same point as the others I halted them, saying, "Halt, who comes there?" (in a loud tone) and received no reply, but heard the officers in command give the order in a

34 R R - VOL XLIX, PT I

