
trated the enemy's country 50 miles; captured 31 of General Roddey's men; burned 2 caissons; destroyed 3 ferries and 1 pontoon, also a rebel mail, and brought in 19 able-bodied negroes and 35 horses and mules; ascertaining that the railroad is in running order to within one mile of Tuscumbia; the rebel forces are all moving southward; two corps of Hood's army, under Dick Taylor, have gone to South Carolina; Johnston is not reinstated, and Hood with the rest of his command is on his way to Mobile; Forrest's command is scattered over the country, and he is trying to concentrate his force at Tuscaloosa; Major George with 100 men is posted along the valley from Tuscumbia to Iuka, with his headquarters at or near Iuka, to watch our movements. I am convinced that 500 well-mounted cavalry could march without much hindrance 100 miles south, and pick up thousands of prisoners. Colonel Stewart's chief of staff, Major Kidd, accompanied the expedition to comply with that part of my order in regard to diagram and maps of the country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GUSTAVUS SCHNITZER,

Major, Second Iowa Cavalry, Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant R. B. AVERY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 5th Div., Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Miss.

FEBRUARY 20, 1865. - Attack on Fort Myers, Fla.

Report of Captain James Doylee, One hundred and tenth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Fort Myers, Fla., February 21, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that a large force of the enemy's cavalry, estimated at about 400, with one piece of artillery (12-pounder), appeared before our works yesterday. They captured our pickets on the Fort Thompson road, consisting of a corporal and three men. We discovered the enemy approaching a few minutes after 12 m. The men were instantly under arms and posted. A flag of truce was seen approaching, and halted at a distance of 500 yards from the fort. I immediately sent Captain Bartholf to meet the flag. He returned with a written communication from the rebel commander, demanding a surrender of the post, giving me twenty minutes to decide. In less than five minutes Captain Bartholf returned to the flag with my answer, a copy of which I send with this report. At 1.10 p. m. the enemy opened fire from his artillery at a distance of about 1,400 yards. Our guns replied almost instantly. Captain Dewey, of the Second U. S. Colored Troops, who was present, was placed in charge of the artillery. His practice was good, compelling the enemy to move his battery three times. I had already formed a skirmish line of a portion of the Second Florida Cavalry, occupying the bushes and trees immediately in front, and kept up a sharp fire on the enemy's line. He had a portion of his force dismounted in the rear of his artillery, while the remainder were deployed on the flanks, the line extending to the river. The enemy fired about twenty shells, doing us no damage. At dark I strengthened our skirmish line, and the men inside the works were under arms all night. At daylight I visited the skirmish line and found the

