
afternoon of the 9th, and at 4 p. m. started in pursuit with 150 of the best mounted men of his command, leaving the balance in camp at Abbeville or that vicinity. I get this intelligence from a courier. I have directed Colonel Andress to take 250 of the best mounted men of his regiment, leaving all baggage except rations in camp, and move rapidly to the support of Colonel Pritchard, taking the road from here to Irwinville, thinking he will strike Davis' trail going west at or before reaching that point. In case he does not, to march in the direction of Waresborough and communicate with me opposite Albany, on the Flint River. In case I strike his trail I will communicate with him by sending on Davis' back track. I shall move at 2 a. m. to-morrow witch 250 or 300 of the best mounted of the Third Ohio (light as possible) on the road leading from here through Millwood to Cedar Hill and Fort Early, and follow down Flint River to a point opposite Albany, unless I strike the trail of Davis before reaching that point. I have directed Major Livermore to take command of all detachments left back and proceed to picket the ferries on the river as quickly as possible, and to do so as far down as possible, so that in case any one of the officers who are trying to escape are yet on the east side of the Ocmulgee he may capture them. I have directed Major Greeno to report to Colonel Andress and go with him. It is reported that Clement C. Clay is with Davis. I have directed Colonel Andress to keep his command mounted by pressing horses when it becomes absolutely necessary, and receipting for the same. I shall pursue the same course and spare no effort to accomplish the object of the expedition. In laying out the course of the two columns I have gone on the supposition that Davis wishes to go west, and can see no reason why he should go east or south unless forced to do so.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORACE N. HOWLAND,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain SCOTT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,Macon, Ga., May 12, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville:

The following [above] dispatch received yesterday from Colonel Howland, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, will be found interesting in connection with the capture of Davis.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

Numbers 6. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin D. Pritchard, Fourth Michigan Cavalry.
HDQRS. FOURTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY DETACHMENT,Washington, D. C., May 25, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders received from Colonel R. H. G. Minty, commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, I left Macon, Ga., at 8 p. m. on the

