
waiting-maids, 1 white and 1 colored, and several servants. We also captured 5 wagons, 3 ambulances, about 15 horses, and from 25 to 30 mules. The train was mostly loaded with commissary stores and private baggage of the party. Upon returning to camp I was accosted by Davis from among the prisoners, who asked if I was the officer in command; and upon my answering him that I was, and asking him whom I was to call him, he replied that i might call him what or whom O pleased; When I replied to him that I would call him Davis, and after a moment's hesitation he said that was his name; when he suddenly drew himself up in true royal dignity and exclaimed, "I suppose that you consider it bravery to charge a train of defenseless women and children, but it is theft - it is vandalism!" After allowing the prisoners time to prepare breakfast, I mounted them on their own horses, taking one of the ambulances for my wounded, and one of the wagons for the dead, using the other two ambulances for the conveyance of the women and children, and started on my return by the direct route to Abbeville, where I arrived at sunset the same day. Here I halted for the night and called in the rest of my regiment from its duty along the river, and resumed my march toward Macon at an early hour on the morning of the 11th, after having buried our dead and performed the last solemn rites of the soldier over his fallen comrades' sending couriers in advance to announce the success of the expedition. On the afternoon of the 11th, and when several miles below Hawkinsville, we met the rest of our brigade just coming out from Macon, and received from them the first knowledge of the President's proclamation, accompanied by General Wilson's order offering a reward for the capture of Davis and party. Retaining my independent command, I continued my march to Macon, where I arrived at 3 p. m. on the 13th instant, having marched over 200 miles inside of six days. While yet on the march and nine miles out of town, I received orders by courier to provide myself with a special detail of three officers and twenty men from my regiment and prepare to depart at once for washington as a special escort for Davis and party; also to take 150 men to act as train guard as far as Atlanta.

I left Macon by special train at 7 o'clock on the evening of the 13th under the direction of Major-General Wilson, having turner over all the private soldiers captured with Davis and party, excepting two, receiving an accession of Clement C. Clay and wife. Arriving at Atlanta at daylight on the morning of the 14th, I found a train and guard in readiness to convey and escort the party to Augusta, where we arrived at sunset of the same day, finding carriages and everything in readiness to convey us to the steamer Standish, lying four miles below the city. We arrived on board at 8 o'clock, where I received Alex. H. Stephens and Major-General Wheeler and staff, and immediately sailed for Savannah, where we arrived at 1 a. m. of the 16th instant. Reported to General Birge, and at 4 a. m. the steamer Emilie was ordered alongside, and the prisoners and guard transferred on board, when she immediately steamed for Hilton Head. When opposite Fort Jackson we met steamer Coit with General Gillmore on board, to whom I reported; and when he reached Savannah he telegraphed to Hilton Head for the steamer Clyde to be got in readiness at once to receive the prisoners and convey them to Washington, where, upon our arrival we found all things in readiness, and the transfer from the Emilie to the Clyde took place immediately. And at 3 o'clock of the 16th we put to sea under convoy of the steam sloop-of-war Tuscarora, and arrived off Fortress Monroe at noon of the 19th instant. I immediately proceeded on shore and telegraphed my arrival to the

