
Adjutant-General and received order in reply to anchor and await further orders. At midnight of the same day I received further orders from your honor to that same effect, saying that General Halleck would be there at noon of the 20th to arrange for the final disposition of the prisoners. We remained on shipboard until the 22nd instant, disposing, meanwhile, of all the prisoners except Davis, Clay, and families, in obedience to orders from General Halleck, and as per receipts in my possession. On the afternoon of that day the prisoners Davis and Clay were transferred, under order from the same source, to the casemates of Fortress Mornoe and turned over to Brevet Major-General Miles, the Fourth Michigan Cavalry acting as special escort, after which it was temporarily assigned quarters within the fort. On the afternoon of the 23rd I received order from the War Department, through General Miles, directing me to procure the disguise worn by Davis at the time of his capture, and proceed to Washington and report to the Secretary of War. Accordingly I went over to the steamer Clyde and received from Mrs. Davis a lady's water-proof cloak, or robe, and which Mrs. Davis said was worn by Davis as a disguise at the time of his capture, and which was identified by the men who saw it on him at the time.

On the morning following the balance of the disguise was procured, which consisting of a shawl, which was identified and admitted to be the one by Mrs. Davis. These articles I brought to Washington and turned them over to the Secretary of War; and thus closes my account of the capture and custody, up to the time of his being turned over to the U. S. authorities, of the great conspirator and traitor, Jefferson Davis. But I would not close this report without recording my evidence of the high merits due to every officer and soldier in the command for their earnest zeal and untiring perseverance through many sleepless nights and long, weary marches, many going without murmur entirely without food for forty-eight consecutive hours. And it is with great consolation that I am enabled to state that whatever efforts were put forth, either by individuals or by the command, for the capture of Davis, they were not called forth by the glitter of gold or incited by prospective rewards, but were actuated solely by patriotism and the highest since of a soldier's duty, for no knowledge of the President's proclamation or General Wilson's order offering rewards for Davis were received until two days after the capture. It is, indeed, hard to individualize where all have done their whole duty; but still I would make special mention of those assigned to important duties and who performed them well, amongst whom are Captain John C. Hathaway, commanding that portion of regiment picketing the river; Captain Charles T. Hudson, in charge of advance guard of fourteen picked men, and who led the charge into the enemy's camp; Lieuts. Silas I. Stauber and Henry S. Boutell, who, were in command of fifty men each, the latter of whom was severely wounded while gallantly leading his men; Lieutenant A. B. Purinton, who had charge of dismounted men who made the circuit of the enemy's camp; Lieutenants Dickinson and Davis, for general duties as aides, and Lieutenant Bennett, commanding rear guard. All of the above officers are entitled to the highest praise and, in my judgment, merit promotion. I would also specially mention the names of Corporals Munger, of C Company, and Crittenden, of E Company, together with Privates James F. Bullard, C Company, Andreas Bee and Daniel II. Edwars, of L Company, who were present at the immediate capture of Davis. And in conclusion and in compliance with the request of the Adjutant-General that I should state in my report to whom, in my judgment, the reward offered by the Government

