
ought to be given, I would say that, in view of all the facts, I am convinced that to one individual does it justly belong, for, while one man might have been fortunate enough to have said "Halt!" to Mr. Davis first, it was whilst he saw yet within the regular line of sentries thrown around the camp, and while some man was doing this (of which there are several claimants) others were performing equally important duties in guarding, fighting, &amp;c. And I feel that in no case should the reward be distributed to a less number than the 128 men and 8 officers actually present at the time of the capture, and I am inclined to the opinion that it should be distributed to the 419 men and 20 officers comprising the expedition, and when I say this I believe I but utter the wishes of a large majority of both officers and men. And for the better guaidance of the Department I recapitulate to the following extent, to wit: Special detail present at capture, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 captain, 4 first lieutenants. 2 second lieutenant, 128 enlisted men; picketing river, scouting country, &c., 1 captain, 6 first lieutenants, 5 second lieutenants, 291 enlisted men; total commissioned, 20; total enslited, 419. With these remarks the whole is respectfully submitted, and I have the honor to subscribe myself

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. D. PRITCHARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 7. Report of Captain John C. Hathaway, Fourth Michigan Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Near Macon, Ga., May 15, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the 7th day of May, at 4 p. m., Lieutenant-Colonel Pritchard, with the effective force of the regiment, 435 men and 21 officers, moved from camp on the Fort Valley road in a coutheast direction, following it for four miles, and from thence on the Hawkinsville road. At might halted and hour for rest, then pushed forward as rapidly as possible till 10 a. m. on the 8th, when the command halted to feed and rest, which occupied until 2 p. m., when the march was resumed. Arrived at Hawkinsville, Ga., at 5 o'clock, where it was expected supplies would be found sufficient for the command, but there were none. A detachment of the Seventy-second Indiana (mounted) Infantry occupied the place, and were also picketing the Ocmulgee River. Taking the road southward toward Abbeville, Ga., the command marched rapidly about four miles and encamped. The roads were good up to that point and the country much better than that subsequently seen. During the night it stormed very hard, and during the morning the roads were found in good condition for marching, except here and there wherewith swollen streams ran across the road. The command moved out at 5 a. m., marched as rapidly as possible, arriving at Abbeville at 2 p. m. Here Colonel Harnden, commanding a detachment of the First Wisconsin Cavalry, was met, who informed Colonel Pritchard that he had been in pursuit of a train of several wagons and ambulances belonging to Mr. Jefferson Davis and family for several days. It had crossed the Ocmulgee River

