
enemy had retreated. He fell back through the woods and struck the road about six miles from here. I sent a mounted party after them, who found that they were in full retreat toward Fort Thompson. About three-quarters of a mile from the fort there is a pond of fresh water where the soldiers and refugees wash their clothes. Five men were captured at this place and one killed while engaged in washing. A short distance from this pond our cattle (which have been previously reported) were feeding. Six armed men went out as herdsmen, two of whom were captured, four making their escape to Punta Rassa, abandoning their horses in the swamp; the men returned to-day. I have no means of knowing the enemy's loss, but on surveying the ground where their battery was posted bandages, splints, lint, and hastily constructed litters have been found; also pieces of wearing apparel covered with blood, which seems to show that they suffered from our fire. They did not succeed in driving off any of our cattle; they are scattered in the woods and can be easily secured. Owing to a lack of forage many of our horses have been permitted to graze outside. A few of those the rebels picked up - eleven are missing; four of them were abandoned by the herdsmen in a swamp between this place and Punta Rassa, and I think will be recovered. I have just returned from Punta Rassa and have no fears of the stores there. I inclose a paper picked up on the ground where the enemy encamped last night, giving a list of the company commanders of the rebel force. I cannot speak too highly of Captains Childs and Bartholf, of Second U. S. Colored Infantry, also of Captain Dewey, in rendering efficient aid in working our guns. Lieutenant J. C. Hiltz, acting adjutant, was very efficient in conveying my orders to different points, and rendered efficient service, as did also Captain Fellows, One hundred and tenth New York Volunteers. In fact, every officer and soldier of the command did well. I only regret that I did not have a cavalry force sufficiently strong to pursue them. I take this opportunity to bring to the notice of the commanding general the condition of the arms of the colored troops at this post. In both companies there are not seventy-five serviceable muskets. I have been informed that Lieutenant William McCullough has been dismissed the service, but having no official notice of it I sent him out in command of the skirmish line, where he rendered good and efficient service. Mr. J. D. Green, formerly connected with the Second Florida Cavalry, took his rifle and went into the ranks, and from his actions I have every reason to believe him to be a loyal man.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES DOYLE,

Captain, 110th New York Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Captain E. B. TRACY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Key West, Fla.

FEBRUARY 20-24, 1865. - Expedition from Nashville to Pine Wood, Tenn.

Report of Captain Gilbert H. Clemens, Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army.

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, U. S. MILITARY RAILROADS,

Nashville, Tenn., February 26, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the night of the 20th information was brought to me that Duval McNary, the guerrilla chief

