
on leave of absence. The command of the division then devolved upon Colonel and Bvt. Brigadier General W. J. Palmer. On the 27th of April I received the following telegrams:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., April 27, 1865.

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN:

The following telegram is just received is just received and forwarded for your information:

"WASHINGTON, April 27, 1865.

"Major-General THOMAS:

"The following is an extract from a telegram received this morning from General Halleck, at Richmond:

" "The bankers have information to-day that jeff. Favis' specie is moving south from Goldsborough in wagons as fast as possible. I suggest that commanders be telegraphed through General Thomas that Wilson obey no orders from Sherman, and notifying him and Canby, and commanders on the Mississippi, to take measures to intercept the rebel chiefs and their plunder. The specie is estimated at $6,000,000 to $13,000,000."

"You were some days ago notified that the President disapproved of Sherman's proceedings and were directed to disregard them. If you have not already done so, you will issue immediate orders to all officers in our command, directing them to pay no attention to any orders but your own or from General Grant, and spare no exertion to stop Davis and his plunder. Push the enemy as hard as you can in every direction.

"E. M. STANTON,

"Secretary of War."

I want you to carry out these instructions as thoroughly as possible.

GEO. H THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., April 27, 1865.

Major-General STONEMAN:

If you can possibly get three brigades of cavalry together, send them, across the mountains into South Carolina to the westward of Charlotte and toward Anderson. They may possibly catch Jeff. Davis, or some of this treasure. They say he is making off with from $2,000,000 to $5,000,000 in gold. You can send Tillson to take Asheville, as I think the railroad will be safe during his absence. Give orders to your troops to obey no orders except those from you, from me, and from General Grant. Send the Eleventh Michigan to Chattanooga without unnecessary delay.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

Upon the receipt of the above telegrams I sent the following instructions to Brigadier-Generals Brown and palmer, and to Brigadier General Davis Tillson, commanding Fourth Infantry Division, Department of the Cumberland:
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., April 27, 1865.

General TILLSON:

I want the Eighth and Thirteenth Tennessee, Miller's brigade, and the Eleventh and Twelfth Kentucky, and Eleventh Michigan, Brown's brigade, all sent to Asheville, and as soon as they are concentrated at that point I wish the following instructions carried out by General Brown, commanding the Second Brigade: Move via Flat Rock or some other adjacent gap to the headquarters of the Saluda River; follow down this river to Belton or Anderson. From that point scout in the direction of Augusta, Ga. The object of sending you to this point is to intercept Jeff. Davis and his party, who are on their way west with $5,000,000 or $6,000,000 of treasure, specie, loeaded in wagons. The Secretary of War telegraphs that Davis left Goldsborough a few days aglow it this treasure in wagons. If you can hear of Davis, follow him to the ends of the earth, if possible, and never give him up. If Colonel Palmer is in Asheville, or can be got hold of, he will join his brigade to the other two, assume command of the whole, and carry out the foregoing instructions; but General Brown is not to wait for Colonel Palmer, but push on, as time is precious, and Palmer will follow and overtake the other two brigades. The cavalry under me, as well as other forces in the Department of the Cumberland, will, by direction of the Secretary of War, obey no order unless emanating from General Grant or General Thomas. I wish you to push

