
from Colonel Stacy, of the Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, and also from parities sent to Augusta, that Jefferson Davis had given over at Abbeville, S. C., on ascertaining that our force was moving to intercept him, idea of cutting his way through to the Mississippi, and that he had abandoned his large cavalry escort near the Savannah River, and had pushed rapidly on with General Duke and about thirty-five men to Washington, which he reached on the morning of the 3rd instant, intending thence to travel incognito. Also that some time during the 3rd, or early the next morning, Davis had left Washington with a small party by railroad for Atlanta, but had abandoned the railroad at Union Point and gone southwestward on horseback. The specie had not yet reached Washington, asa far as I can learn, when Davis left that place. A detachment of my troops entered Washington yesterday morning and ascertained that a large portion of the cavalry escort under Dibrell was still back toward the Savannah River, where it was waiting to surrender on demand. Colonel Breckinridge, with about 500 men, had just left Washington, taking the road to Macon, where he said he was going to surrender. The remainder of the four Brigades had been disbanded, either at Abbeville, S. C., at the Savannah River, or at Washington, Ga. Before leaving Washington they distributed specie among the men at the rate of $35 to each private soldier, and I presume more to the officers. I have not yet been able to ascertain what has become of the balance of the specie, but presume it has either been concealed or shipped by railroad westward, in which latter event it will be stopped either by my party on the railroad at madison, or by Colonel Eggleston, of Wilson's cavalry, who reached Atlanta on the morning of the 4th. I have ordered Colonel Stacy to pursue Colonel Breckinridge's party (as it is evident they only wish to get off with their specie pay); also to find out if possible what has become of the balance of the money. I have also sent Colonel Trowbridge with the Tenth Michigan Cavalry to madison and Eatonton, with directions to guard the ferries and bridges of the Oconee River south to Milledgeville, and to intercept or pursue Davis or the party of Breckinridge of he can gain the slightest clue. I have also sent the Twelfth Ohio Cavalry (Colonel Bentley) to Monroe, Covington, and Lawrenceville, to prevent anything slipping through in that direction, in case it should get between Athens and Colonel Trowbridge.

The Fifteenth Pennsylvania I hold here to move in any direction that the information received from the different quarters may warrant. I have also communicated the latest information to General Wilson at Macon, and have suggested that small parties from his command should guard the fords and ferries and bridges on the Ocmulgee south to Jacksonville, and on Flint River from Jonesborough to Albany, and also if practicable on the Chattahoochee and elsewhere in Alabama. I think it is the intention of Jeff. Davis to get around to the southward of macon. I have sent General Brown's brigade to hold the cross-roads, fords, &amp;c., from Athens northward to the head of the Savannah River, and Colonel Miller is doing the same from Lexington to Danielsville. This is for the purpose of intercepting the disbanded officers and soldiers of Davis' escort, depriving them of their arms and horses and making prisoners of the officers. The privates are so numerous we are obliged to informally parole them. I shall send General Brown's and Colonel Miller's brigades after this duty is over to Greenville, S. C., from which place I recommend that they be recalled to Knoxville. Forage being scarce here, and General Wilson having a large cavalry force throughout this State. I would request authority, after the pursuit of Davis is over, to

