
In the Twelfth Ohio Cavalry: Lieutenant-Colonel Bentrly, for meritorious conduct and gallantry throughout the campaign, for keeping his regiment at all times efficient and under good discipline. I earnestly recommend his promotion. He is entirely competent to command a brigade. Major Moderwell, for gallantry and skill in having with his battalion of 250 men destroyed the large covered railroad bridge 1,127 feet long, over the Catawba River south of Charlotte, passing around a cavalry force sent out to delay him, and capturing the garrison of sixty men at the bridge, with two pieces of artillery; also for successfully withdrawing his command in the face of a brigade of rebel cavalry under General Ferguson, which reached the bridge from Charlotte before Major Moderwell left it, but too late to save any part of it. Captain Hunter, for spirit and efficiency as an officer shown throughout the campaign. In the Tenth Michigan Cavalry: Colonel L. S. Trowbridge, for skill and gallantry in resisting the attack of Ferguson's brigade upon his regiment near Lewington, N. C., on the morning of the 11th of April, inflicting a loss of sixty in killed and wounded upon the enemy, his own loss being trivial. The gallant resistance thus made protected and covered the detachments of my brigade which were destroying the railroad at High Point, Deep River, and elsewhere. Also for efficiency as a commanding officer in steadily improving the discipline of his regiment from the time of its entering North Carolina. Major Standish, for gallantry on the occasion of the occasion of the attack of Ferguson's brigade near Lexington, N. C., and for general efficiency as an officer shown throughout the campaign. Captain Roberts, for skill and gallantry in having with his squadron on the morning of the 11th of April captured the post of High Point, on the railroad between Greensborough and Salisbury, destroying the track, telegraph, and a large quantity of supplies and railroad trains with quartermaster's stores. I also acknowledge my indebtedness for faithful and efficient services throughout the campaign to all the officers of my staff, but especially to Captain Henry McAllester, acting assistant adjutant-general, and to Lieutenant Charles S. Himchman, acting commissary of subsistence, the last for activity and success in keeping his brigade at all times well supplied with rations from the country in the authorized manner, thus preventing to a great extent irregular foraging.

I am, major, yours, respectfully,

WM. J. PALMER,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. District of East Tennessee.

ADDENDA.

HUNTSVILLE, May 26, 1865.

Major BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Please insert in my list of recommendations the name of Captain J. H. Cummins, Tent Michigan, as the officer who captured High Point, and please add the following to my list of officers of Tenth Michigan, viz: Captain S. V. Thomas, commanding battalion, for fidelity to duty; Captain W. H. Dunn, Lieutenant John. L. Widd, and Lieutenant Minihan, for gallantry in action at Henry Court-House, Va., and at High Point. Lieutenant F. N. Field, for gallantry in action at Henry Court-House, where he was severely wounded in the arm. Lieutenant T. C. Kenyon, for gallantry in the action at Henry Court-House, where he was killed while leading a saber

