
charge. He was a noble young man and a very promising officer. First Sergt. W. E. Smith, for gallantry in action at Henry Court-House, where he was severely wounded. Sergt. John Benton, for fidelity to duty and gallantry in action at Henry Court-House, where he was killed. Sergt. Major Charles Clark, Sergt. P. H. Brace, and Sergt. E. S. Charters, for zeal and industry in performance of duty and Lieutenant Charles W. Watkins, acting adjutant, for meritorious conduct as an officer throughout the campaign. Please add the following to list of Fifteenth Pennsylvania: First Sergt. John Burton and First Sergt. John K. Marshall for the efficiency with which they commanded their respective companies and discipline during the active campaign, there being no commissioned officers in either company. I shall have a few more additional recommendations to telegraph to you this evening of the Twelfth Ohio.

W. J. PALMER,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, CAVALRY DIV., DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 7. Huntsville, Ala., May 26, 1865.

The general commanding accepts the present opportunity to compliment Sergt. John Burton, Company E, and John K. Marshall, Company F, Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, for the faithful discharge of the duties which, owing to the absence of their company officers, devolved upon them during the recent campaign, and to congratulate them upon the entire success of their efforts to maintain the discipline in the respective companies.

By command of Bvt. Brigadier General William J. Palmer:

HENRY McALLESTER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, May 27, 1865.

Major BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

If General Stoneman's report has not yet gone, I would desire to add to the list of recommendations the name of Lieutenant J. J. Defigh, Twelfth Ohio Cavalry, for his success in pursuit and capture of Wheeler and his staff and escort.

W. J. PALMER,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

MAY 3-6, 1865.-Expedition from Rodney to Port Gibson, Miss., with skirmishes.

Report of Colonel George W. Jackson, Ninth Indiana Cavalry.

RODNEY, MISS., May 6, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I have just returned from an expedition to Port Gibson. I left this place with a force of 335 men on the evening of the 3rd instant, reaching Port Gibson without being fired upon. Charged into the place, killing 1 man and taking 2 prisoners. On the morning of the 4th I sent a force of 125 men out on the

