
Gallatin road, where they met and drove Owen scouts several miles without taking any prisoners. They advanced on the Gallatin road eleven miles, and on their return captured a Captain Dearie, commissary of subsistence on General Wirt Adams' staff, on leave of absence. On the morning of the 5th instant Captain Walker, of General Tucker's staff, and Captain Thompson, came to the picket under a flag of truce with the inclosed dispatch, and requested an interview; stated that their orders were to cease hostilities, and they should obey them. I stated that I had no official information of an armistice and until I did I would hold myself in readiness for any emergency. There are some 400 of the enemy in this department that may be collected on a few hours's notice. There are 200 men at Hazlehurst. Port Gibson can be held with a force of 1,000 men, but I doubt the propriety of doing so. The expedition that fought Owen scouts was sent out to arrest Glenny, who was doubtless alarmed by the skirmish and made his escape. I shall continue to scout up and down the river until I hear from you. Will send a party to Fayette this morning. I learned from a citizen, who learned through Confederate sources, that Davis was at Macon, Ga., on the 1st day of this month, and it was his intention to cross the river. I learned also from a reliable source that General Forrest stated in a peach to his men a short time since that if General Johnston surrendered he should cross the river; those of his men who desired to accompany him could do so and the others could return to their homes. Mr. Wright reached Port Gibson just as I was withdrawing my forces from that place. He came here with me. I will render him any assistance in my power. There are a number of paroled prisoners from Lee's army in the country.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. JACKSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain A. C. FISK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

JEFFERSON CITY, May 4, 1865.

Captain WILLIAM THOMPSON,

Commanding Picket-Line, Fayette, Miss.:

CAPTAIN: I have just received a couple of dispatches at Brookhaven, from Lieutenant General R. Taylor, notifying General Humphreys that an armistice, to be terminated on forty-eight hours's notice, had been agreed upon between himself and General Canby in their respective departments, and I received a private dispatch to the same effect. The dispatches were dated the 2nd instant.

Very respectfully,

WILL. T. MARTIN,

Major-General.

MAY 5-13, 1865.-Expedition from Pulaski, Tenn., to New Market, Ala.

Report of Major Moses D. Leeson, Fifth Indiana Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH INDIANA CAVALRY.

Near Pulaski, Tenn., May 13, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report upon the execution of the orders issued to me from headquarters Sixth Division,

