
Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, Pulaski, Tenn., May 5, 1865.

Within one hour after reception of the order I was in column of march for the point designated (New Market, Madison County, Ala.), and arrived there next evening at 4 p. m., fifty miles, and reported to Colonel Horner who had preceded me the day previous. Captain E. N. Elliot, commanding detachment Fifth Indiana, met me there the same evening having captured twenty fiver horse-thieves, guerrillas, bush whackers, and murderers. Three of the latter Colonel Horner afterward executed, viz, Captain G. W. Berry, Privates J. H. Robins and G. A. Bradshaw, of Captain Berry's command. Captain Elliot captured two of Captain McGee's men and pushed the captain so closely that he had to abandon his horse and flee to the woods. The next two days I scouted in conjunction with Colonel Horner the mountains of Jackson County, north of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, and pressed the enemy so closely that the following officers came in and surrendered their companies, viz, Captain Whitman, Captain Nelson, Lieutenant Lindsey, Lieutenant Daniels, and about 150 men, constituting about all north of the railroad. We then moved south of the railroad and commenced throwing a net around those, when Colonel Mead endeavored to cross the balance of his command over the Tennessee River, and was met by the gun-boats and driven back except himself, adjutant, and brother-in-law, who from the best information I could get made their escape. Lieutenant-Colonel Johnston, who was then in command, finding the net closing around him, on the morning of the 11th pushed for Huntsville, Ala., and surrendered to Colonel Given, of the One hundred and second Ohio Infantry, all the men under his command, consisting of Captain Cobb, Captain Welch, Captain Richardson, and Captain -, in all eight officers and about 150 men. So close were were upon Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson that we came up within and hour after Colonel Givern had met them, Colonel Horner being with us. Here I met with a pageant that I consider a disgrace to the service of a great nation, and you will pardon me for alluding to it. Drawn up in line were some 150 ragamuffins, bushwhackers, horse-thieves, and murderers. Men- no, men- demands, who had never been in the Southern army; regular parricides, ready to be received by officers belonging to the great and glorious Government of the Unites States, and they too drunk to receive them in decency and order. And Colonel Horner, who is a soldier and a gentleman, gave orders that the pageant be marched to Huntsville to complete the surrender, and ordered my regiment to take the advance. After we moved out (I had forgotten to say that a band had been ordered out to welcome these cut-throats) they were welcomed by national airs from a splendid band, and Colonel [Given] and Lieutenant-Colonel Johnston indulged in soul-stirring speeches, so I am told. We moved to the vicinity of Huntsville and awaited the arrival of the balance of the cavalcade near two hours, when the rear came up, and then moved for the city, but instead of the rear following the advance, Colonel Given struck off at a tangent and endeavor to reach the city by a flank movement. The latter part of this report I am aware is not strictly military, but my treatment was so much below the courtesy duet to an officer (though inferior in rank) of the U. S. Army that I deem it my duty to lay if before you. I do not in this wish to convey the idea that we were not treated properly by Colonel Horner. On the contrary the colonel was most assiduous in his care for the comfort and welfare of the regiment and gave us

