
report of all the circumstances connected with the lamentable affair, and the following is a copy of the report he has hastily made. When he collects all the data he will be better to give details. His report is as follows:

"I have the honor tho report that the explosion this afternoon at the Marshall warehouse was probably due to some accident with the percussion-shell at that place. There were at the time four hired men, ordnance employes, and thirty colored soldiers, with a commissioned officer in charge. There was a guard in the building and a private watchman who have always done their duty faithfully. The hired men were sent with the detail to watch them and see that they were careful. They were engaged at the time in unloading a train of ordnance and ordnance stores (Confederate) just arrived from Meridian. I am unable at present to give you more cation for a court of inquiry and await decision.

"WM. S. BEEBE,

"Captain and Depot Ordnance Officers."

Any additional information I receive upon the subject I will communicate.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Artillery and Ordnance.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Army and Division of West Mississippi.a

Numbers 2. Report of Captain James G. Patton, Thirty third Missouri Infantry, Acting Assistant Inspector-General.
HDQRS. ARMY OF DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICER OF THE ASSISTANT INSPECTOR GENERAL,

Mobile, Ala., May 25, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that at 3 p. m. to-day a terrific explosion of twenty tons of captured powder shook the foundations of the city, followed immediately by a heavy rumbling explosion of shells and fixed ammunition and a shower of shot, shell, grape, and canister, and pieces of stone and brick. A dense column of smoke arose from the northeast part of the city. The powder was stored in Marshall's warehouse, corner of Lipscomb and Commercial streets, near where the railroad terminates at the river. The large warehouses in the immediate vicinity were occupied, some by troops, others with army stores, horses, mules, forage, commissaries, &amp;c., and at the neighboring wharfs were the coal-yards for the water transportation. The Kate Dale was coating for New Orleans, which boat, with another, the Colonel Cowles, is a total loss. Passengers generally escaped. The warehouses were instantly in ruins and the site of the powder warehouse a flaming mass, from which issued and incessant volley of bursting shell. The buildings north of Saint Louis street and east of Royal are in ruins, from which dead and wounded are being removed. A man, in fearful proximity to the bursting shells and flames, sen signaling for assistance, was most gallantly rescued from the ruins by a marine assisted by a Lieutenant Ferrell, paroled prisoner, C. S. Army, and two others who joined him. The fire department were on the grounds, but did nothing until 4.30 p. m. The matter was reported to General Andrews. Troops were sent and the engine put in operation. Ammunition reported to be in a joining building embarrassed the operation of the operations of the engine. The man who had charge of this ammunition was found at Captain Beebe's office and

