
ance with inclosed orders, under 4, 5, and 6. The last steamer being discharged on the night of the 4th instant, I embarked at daylight on the 5th and got under way at Apalochicola as lighter, having been assigned to that duty by Captain Rundle, assistant chief quartermaster at Mobile, Ala., and arrived here at daybreak after a run of twenty hours. Upon taking possession of the town of Apalachicola I found 868 bales of cotton, belonging to private parties, in the hands of the naval authorities, which was turned over to the post quartermaster for safe-keeping. Seventy-six bales more arrived before I left, making a total of 944 bales now in the hands of the quartermaster awaiting the arrival of the Treasury agents. All supplies intended for Brevet Major-General Wilson's command were forwarded up the Apalachicola and Chattahoochee Rivers on steamer Young in charge of Captain Lamson, Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers. I requested General Wilson to communicate such instructions as were necessary for the forwarding of further supplies to his command to Colonel Zulavsky, commanding post, and to order one of the small steamers on the Chattahoochee River down to Apalachicola for Government use in this district. I also requested him to have the light-house machinery and buoys belonging to Apalachicola Bay, but which were taken by the rebels to Eafaula, sent down, that they may be placed in their old positions, and that all the naval property taken from Pensacola Navy-Yard by S. Z. Gonzales, late naval store-keeper under the Federal as well as the rebel Government, to Morino's plantation, near Albany, Ga., to be shipped down the Flint River to Apalachicola, with the view of having it returned to the proper naval authorities. I beg to inclose a copy of my instruction to Colonel L. L. Zulavsky, commanding post, and would respectfully request to be informed for my further guidance whether they meet the approval of the major-general commanding. People are returning to Apalachicola from rebeldom as well as from the North, anxious to resume their from vocations. I cannot speak in too high terms of Captain N. Green, commanding U. S. convoy steamer Itasca, who, by his nautical skill and efficiency, as well as his friendly willingness to aid whenever required, materially contributed to the successful trip and the speedy discharge of the vessels.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Department of the Gulf.

[Inclosure.]

APPALACHICOLA, FLA., June 2, 1865.

Colonel L. L. ZULAVSKY,

Commanding Post, Apalachicola, Fla.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding Army and Division of West Mississippi having decided upon establishing a military post at Apalachicola to command the bay, the entrance to the Apalachicola River, and the surrounding country, and to guard such public property as may be collected at that place, and which post, for the present, will be an auxiliary depot for the troops belonging to Bvt. Major General J. H. Wilson's command, whose headquarters are at Macon, Ga., and the One hundred and sixty-first New York and the Eighty-second U. S. Colored Infantry having been selected for this purpose, and you assigned by

