
3. No person, unless first provided with the papers required in said General Orders, Numbers 80, will be allowed to pass the lines.

4. No person will be admitted within the lines for the purpose of procuring a preliminary permit to visit the purchasing agent at New Orleans.

5. All posts in this district being under strict martial law, persons coming with the required permits and safe-conducts will, together with their employes, means of transportation, cargoes, and supplies, be subject to the military police regulation in force. By command of Brigadier-General McKean:

G. G. BENNETT,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, January 9, 1865.

Major JAMES E. MONTGOMERY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of W. Florida and S. Alabama,

Fort Gaines, Ala.:

MAJOR: I found the pressure getting too strong and had to publish the inclosed order* in self-defense. I think I might get along under it if the authorities at New Orleans persistently refuse to be satisfied that anybody can control products to be brought thought this district. If they should grant passes, then officers will have to be appointed here in connection with the provost-marshal's office to overhaul and inspect cargoes, vessels, &amp;c., and register the papers. I had not designed publishing a word upon the subject until after reporting to your office the synopsis called for, but it became evident that we would be in danger of a serious "cottonading" unless something could be done to counteract the current. I thin the main points are covered by the order, and shall rest under it until superseded by some instructions from your headquarters. I have not as received any official regulations or orders upon the subject, but borrowed a copy of General Canby's Order, Numbers 80.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

CONCURRENT RESOLUTIONS complimentary to General Grant, Sherman, Sheridan, and Thomas, and to Vice-Admiral Farragut and Commodore Winslow.

Resolved (if the Assembly concur), That the thanks of the Legislature representing the people of the State of New York are hereby tendered to Lieutenant General U. S. Grant, for the strategical skill with which the vast and complicated movements of the armies of the Union have been projected during the year which has just closed, resulting every-where, as they have, in the most glorious successes to our arms. Also, to the officers and soldiers of the armies of the Potomac and the James for the bravery and the pertinacity with which they have devoted themselves to the reduction of the stronghold of the rebellion.

Resolved, That the thanks of the Legislature representing the people of the State of New York are hereby tendered to Vice Admiral David

---------------

* See next, aute.

---------------

