
G. Farragut, and the officers and men under his command, for the gallant achievements of our naval forces in Mobiel Kay, sustaining the ancient renown of that branch of the service, and demonstrating that it is not so much to the material of our ships as to the men who command them that our country is indebted for this splendid proof that the sea is a domain upon which she need acknowledge no superior.

Resolved, Thart the thanks of the Legislature representing the people of the State of New York are hereby tendered to Major General William T. Sherman, and the officers and men of his command, for the series of superb victories culminating in the capture of Atlanta, and for the skillfully executed march from the mountains to the sea, which challenged the admiration of the world, resulted in the capture of Savannah, with many millions of public property, and demonstrated that the so-called Confederacy is indeed but a 'shell."

Resolved, That the thanks of the Legislature representing the people of the State of New York are hereby tendered to Major General Philip H. Sheridan, and the officers and men of his command, for their gallant exploits, in the Valley, of the Shedandoah, in achieving a series of victories which will shine resplendently in our military annals with a luster as enduring as history.

Resolved, That the thanks of the Legislature representing the people of the State of New York are hereby tendered to Major. General George H. Thomas, and the officers and men of his command, for the skillful manner in which his army was conducted to the line of the Cumberland, and then hurled with resistless valor upon the rebel host, stripping them of artillery and scattering them as fugitives over a country they had proudly boasted of conquering.

Resolved, That the thanks of the Legislature representing the people of the State of New York are hereby tendered to Commodore John A. Winslow, and the officers and men under his command, for the bravery and skill with which the action with the rebel armed ship Alabama was fought, resulting in the destruction of that ship, thus gallantly relieving the ocean of a pest, and attesting the superiority of American ordnance and gunnery.

Resolved, That His Excellency the Governor is hereby respectfully requested to transmit a copy of each of the foregoing resolutions to the officers specially named therein.

STATE OF NEW YORK,

In Senate, January 5, 1865.

The foregoing resolutions were duly passed.

JAMES TERWILLIGER, Clerk.

STATE OF NEW YORK,

In Assembly, January 13, 1865.

Resolved, That the Assembly concur in the passage of the foregoing resolutions.

By order:

J. B. CUSHMAN, Clerk.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, January 16, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans, La.:

COLONEL: I avail myself of the opportunity offered by a steamer going direct to New Orleans to report, for the information of the major general commanding the military division, that the latest information

