
in regard to the rebel troops in this district is to the effect that there are about 9,000 at Pollard and vicinity, probably divided between that place, Bluff Springs, the Escambia railroad bridge, and Canoe Station. They are undoubtedly repairing the railroad again. I learn also that they talk as if thy expected a large force to leave here on an expedition up the railroad toward Montgomery. They were entrenching at Blakely two or three weeks since. It is not ascertained that they have erected defenses at any of the other points named, except the old stockades at the railroad bridge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, January 16, 1865.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding Dist. of W. Florida and S. Alabama, Pascagola:

GENERAL: I send this by Lieutenant-Colonel Spurling, Second Maine Cavalry, who can give you verbally some additional information that may be of interest. The latest information is to the effect that there are about 9,000 rebels at Pollard and vicinity, probably divided between this place, the Escambia railroad bridge, Blugg Springs, and Canoe Station, and they are undoubtedly repairing the railroad. I learn also that they talk as if they expected a large force to leave here on an expedition up the railroad toward Montgomery. Entrenchments were being thrown up at Blakely some two or three weeks since. It is not known when there they have erected any other defenses at the other points named, except the old stockades at the railroad bridges. I desire, as soon as I ascertain that it will not interfere with other contemplated movements, to send out a little expedition under Colonel Spurling to the country beyond Choctawhatchee Bay for the purpose of procuring horses to remount our cavalry. We require now over 500 horses to render our cavalry effective and 700 would not be amiss. The colonel, who is well acquainted with that section of the country, feels confident that he can procure sufficient for the purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

[JANUARY 19, 1865.- For Halleck to Canby, directing movement against Selma or Montgomery, see Vol. XLVIII, Part I, p. 580.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST FLORIDA AND SOUTH ALABAMA, Numbers 1. January 23, 1865.

The following organization of the troops of this command is announced:

First Brigade: Twentieth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, Ninety-fourth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Nineteenth Iowa, Volunteer Infantry, Ninety-seventh Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Sixth -ninth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, Battery G, First Michigan Light Artillery.

37 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

