HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, January 24, 1865.

Colonel FELIX PR. SALM,

Bridgeport:

The general consents that you make the expedition if the distance is not too great, say twenty or twenty-five miles.

Respectfully,

S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., January 24, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS,

Eastport or Nashville:

General Schofield left here for Washington on the 21st. He informed me that there is to be a consolidation and reorganization. He published no order, relinquishing command of the Department of the Ohio. By virtue of previous orders and as senior officer, I am attending to the current business of the office with what force is left by General S. If there is to be a reorganization, please put me down for East Tennessess. If you come to Nashville, I should be glad to meet you there upon your arrival.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST FLORIDA AND SOUTH ALABAMA,East Pascagoula, Miss., January 24, 1865-11 p. m.

Major-General CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have just returned from Mobile Bay. Visited the upper and lower fleets. Captains Jenkis and Low, at those stations, are of the opinion that Mobile is being evacuated. I made a close reconnaissance; passed very near the channel and shore batteries without receiving a shot; neither could I observe andy sign of force. Refugees came in to-day and confirm this opinion. Captain Jenkins thinks that everything in Mobile is being moved to Choctaw Bluff, where they intend to obstruct the river and make a stand. The latest information from Hood, via Mobile, is that he reached Tupelo in a most demoralized and disorganized condition, unable to move or feed his army. Dick Taylor has been ordered to relieve him. This, I think, tallies with Joe Johnston's policy to withdraw all supports and prepare for a general concentration along the line from Meridian to Macon, guarding all the strong points upon the communications leading thereto. I had already commence the evacuation of this place before your dispatch was received, and will get off as soon as transportation can be procured. I can hardly believe that Pensacola or this position is in the least danger, but will concentrate Andrew's division at Pensacola without delay, and prepare it for the field at once. The garrisons for Mobile Bay and Pensacola will be designated, and a report of surplus regiments for assignment will be forwarded to-morrow. Orders for the immediate completion of the entrenchments at Barrancas have already been forwarded to General McKean. I do not like to make suggestions, but I fearful that we are losing valuable time. I am sure that we have advantage of the rebels, and by activity on our part they will be

