
unable to reorganize or recuperate, and in a short time we can push them to the wall and close this cursed rebellion. It occurs to me that any large concentration of troops at Pensacola will much delay and embarrass us when our preparations for moving are completed.

Your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., January 23, 1865-11.30 a. m.

(Received 3 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

When Canby is supplied horses may be sent up the Tennessee as General Thomas requests, and let him use all exertions to get off during the first favorable weather we may have. If is a great pity that our cavalry could not have taken advantage of Hood's and Forrest's forces being on furlough. They could have fed off the enemy, and where they could have collected their own horses.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 25, 1865-10.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

After reading General Thomas's telegram of 7.30 last evening,* please give me your instructions before going South, if you wish to send troops to the Gulf, in order that I may order transports. After conversing with General Schofield, I am satisfied that no movement will be made from the Tennessee this winter.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 25, 1865-6 p. m.

(Received 27th.)

Major-General THOMAS,

Eastport:

The detachment of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry under your command should be sent to Memphis in order that that regiment may be reorganized and companies consolidated. More cavalry horses will be sent to you as soon as General Canby can be supplied. General Grant is anxious that your expedition should get off the the very first favorable weather. He thinks the interior of Alabama contains abundant supplies for an expedition which will move rapidly.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

DECATUR, January 25, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have been informed, from sources which I believe to be entirely reliable, that General Johnston has been to the command of

---------------

* See Vol. XLV, Part II, p. 627.

---------------

