
urday (January 14) at Woodville, Miss. A colored refugee from Jackson, La., reports that the rebels have stored in the cellar of the insane asylum at that place four boxes of arms and thirty-three kegs of powder; also an iron safe containing a large amount of specie. This negro was the body servant of the surgeon in charge and assisted in placing these articles in the place indicated. Colonel Frank Hatch, rebel collector of customs for the port of New Orleans, lives with one Captain Gilman, about three miles from Camp Moore. At the time of the capture of this city the valuable books and papers were removed by him, in part, to a house in New Orleans, and in part to his residence, where is a kind of headquarters for smugglers from New Orleans. If the books and papers are of sufficient importance, Lieutenant Curtiss, knowing parties who will assist him, thinks he can discover them, if ordered to New Orleans for one or two days.

I have the honor tho be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA, Numbers 7. Barrancas, January 25, 1865.

1. In accordance with General Orders, Nos. 1 and 2, from headquarters District of West Florida and South Alabama, current series, Colonel E. W. Woodman, Second Maine Cavalry, the senior officer present with the troops, will assume command of the Third Brigade, First Division, and will make reports and returns to these headquarters, as therein provided.

2. All other brigade commanders are relieved as such and will, with their staff officers, rejoin their respective regiments for duty.

3. The companies of the Twenty-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry at Fort Pickens will be reported as detached from the brigade and will make reports and returns of the troops accordingly. Other returns relating to the post will be made to or through these headquarters.

4. Company M, Fourteenth New York Cavalry, for the present will report direct to these headquarters.

By command of Brigadier-General McKean:

J. WM. HAIGHT, JR.,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, January 25, 1865.

Captain WILLIAM L. AVERY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of W. Florida and S. Alabama:

CAPTAIN: My scouts report that there are 10,000 rebel troops now distributed from Pollard to Blakely, 2,500 being of cavalry arm. This is rather larger than reported last week but probably the same force. Montgomery is reported as being occupied by but few troops and those of the State organization, with inferior arms-all others having been sent north, understood to be destined for Richmond.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

