
ing Nashville and Louisville, and the depots at those two points. Your instructions to Captain Wilson meet with my approbation, but it seems to me that in every case, except when we are adjacent to water transportation, it will be too far to send horses by rail for recuperation at Louisville. As this is, however, matter exclusively under your jurisdiction, you are, as a matter of course, entitled to determine it as you may think best, and indeed, can give entire subject better consideration than I can. Whatever you determine upon will be entirely satisfactory. I cannot, however, agree to send back for remount any part of the command, when the horses can be delivered to it in the field. I am sure no system can be devised which is more injurious to the cavalry service than that of sending regiments to the rear for remount as soon as they have broken down the horses with which they were previously supplied in the same way. I think the experience of every commander in the field will bear me out in this opinion. The true policy of the bureau is to establish its depots for recuperation at such points, which, being safe, are most easily accessible, so that the broken-down stock may be easily got to it, and the proper supplies for the recuperation be readily obtained. The remounts after being assembled at these points and properly prepared for the service should be sent to the troops, if possible, instead of sending the troops for them. While we are at this place the quartermasters assure me there will be no difficulty in delivering at the landing of our camps any number of horses we may need. In consideration of this, and your willingness to send the horses we may need to this place, I have directed all of the worthless stock to be collected, and, in charge of the quartermaster of the Fifth Division, sent by steam-boat to Captain Allen, at Louisville, Ky. There will be about 1,300 horses. Lieutenant Kendall, the quartermaster, is directed to receipt for, and bring back the horses for Hatch's division. I sent you a statement a few days ago showing how any many horses we need to mount the dismounted men. I wrote you also fully explaining their condition and my views in regard to the whole matter. Captain Van Antwerp, of my staff, will deliver this letter, and give you such other information as this letter does not contain touching the condition of the corps. I am well pleased with your intention in regard to Upon's division. Now that most of his detachments have joined him, I am sure he will soon be ready to join the corps in the field. I would like you to arrange it so that Captain Green can accompany the headquarters of the corps in the field, as by that arrangement we could work better together than is possible where we are compelled to communicate with each other by letter. It will save us labor and make your dispositions more harmonious. I have no doubt my orders, as we are now situated, frequently interfere with each other and with yours. After you have got through with Upon and Knipe you might very profitably take a run to this place. I shall be glad to see you, and I have no doubt you will enjoy the trip. Not knowing how convenient it would be for you to furnish horses at Nashville, I sent several days ago an order to General Knipe to bring the balance of his division to this place at once, without there was an immediate prospect of his receiving his remount there. Captain Van Antwerp will be able to give you full information in regard to his movements. I hope, major, the bureau, now that it is able to furnish all the horses we may require, will allow you to send me 6,000 from Louisville, Saint Louis, and Cairo without delay. The sooner they are here the sooner we will be prepared for a long and successful campaign. I am more anxious about this matter,

