
because I know General Thomas may be ready to move any day, and because if the army once gets well south of the Tennessee it will be able to do nothing for the cavalry in the way of remounts except what may be done in the heart of the enemy's country. The cavalry must do everything now. The First and Second Division have arrived in good condition, and are now comfortably encamped.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Graverly Springs, Ala., January 26, 1865.

Brevet Major-General UPON,

Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: Your letters of the 13th and 16th instant are received. I am very glad to know you have at last got all your detachments tog ether, and that you will experience so little difficulty in getting them ready for the field. Major Chambliss writes me he is ready to furnish everything you need. Turn over your transportation at Louisville, except five good wagons and teams to each regiment. You need not even bring those unless you can get them above the average of first class. Bring your ambulances and 470 horses for Garrard's brigade, of your division. Of the 470 horses, 302 are required by the Fifth Iowa and Seventh Ohio, the balance by the Nineteenth Pennsylvania. I wrote you fully in regard to everything a few days ago; sent your orders in regard to means and mode by which to get here. Captain Van Antwerp, of my staff, will give you all the information you may desire in regard to command. Send the detachments of the Fourth Missouri and Seventh Indiana to Memphis to report to their regiments. The Tent Missouri, will doubtless be filled up. A. J. Alexander is already its colonel, but has never been mustered. I have requested a special muster in his case and recommended him for a brevet, in order that he may be assigned to a brigade. I prefer him to O. D. Greene, though I would be glad to see the latter in command of a regiment or brigade. Anything you can do for him will meet with my approval. I will do anything in my power to carry out your views in the case of the Fourth Missouri, provided you get the proper papers on foot in regard thereto; but General Dana will doubtless be able to secure the Second New Jersey, Seventh Indiana, and Fourth Missouri to his department in spite of all we can do. The order transferring Memphis to his command directed that all troops then at that place should be transferred to General Canby's division. The headquarters of those regiments were then at that place. I wish you would send any of Hatch's detachments that may be with you, or may join, by steamer to report to him at this place. I am glad to hear of your rapid recovery, and hope to see you here soon; lose no time. Company I, Fourth U. S. Artillery, has been assigned to your division. It is now here and in good hands. Please send by Captain Van Antwerp a complete statement of your command, and when you will be here. Generals Long and McCook arrived here only two days ago. When you arrive here we will have a splendid force with which to begin the next campaign.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

