
the cavalry, of which it is supposed there are many in the neighborhood of Sugar Creek, particularly of the Tenth and Twelfth Tennessee Regiments, will be arrested and brought in. If, as may possibly be the case, small parties of rebel cavalry should be found, the commanding officer must not be content with driving them form his road, but must endeavor to capture or kill as many of them as possible. The command will march slowly, care being taken to preserve the condition of the horses. Citizens will be questioned frequently on the road, and all the information possible obtained as to the condition and disposition of the inhabitants and the topography of the country, upon which the officer is expected to report upon his return. Guides will be impressed from the country if it be found necessary. All serviceable horses will be seized, and only those are serviceable, and receipts given there for in every case, specifying the loyalty or disloyalty of the owner. Indiscriminate pillage must be permitted. The officer in command will take sufficient time to examine the country thoroughly. It is supposed that a week will be amply sufficient for the purpose.

By command of Brigadier-General Johnson:

E. T. WELLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PULASKI, TENN., January 26, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIFTH TENNESSEE CAVALRY:

Colonel Mix will leave here on Saturday morning next and go to Fayetteville with Eight Michigan Cavalry. You will send 200 mounted men to meet and report to him there by 4 p. m. of Saturday. Colonel Mix is sent to scout the country between Fayetteville, New Market, and Winchester, and this force will be under his order until the work is completed. Acknowledge receipt of dispatch.

R. W. JOHNSON.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF EAST TENNESSEE AND FOURTH DIVISION, 23RD, ARMY CORPS, Numbers 22. Knoxville, January 26, 1865.

1. Pursuant to telegraphic instructions from headquarters Department of the Ohio, the Thirty-fourth Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry is hereby transferred from the Second to the First Brigade, Fourth Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. The Thirty-fourth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry will be put in complete readiness to move without delay to Cumberland Gap, providing themselves with fiver days' rations.

* * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Tillson:

N. A. REED, JR.,Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., January 26, 1865.

Major General JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE, C. S. Army,

Commanding Department of West Virginia and East Tennessee:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the department directs me to inform you that it is evident that flags of truce are used for pour

