
poses for which they are not contemplated by the rules of war, and that hereafter no more flags will be recognized unless it shall appear from the communication in the hands of the bearer that the subject of which it treats is of the utmost importance.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

LEXINGTON, January 26, 1865.

Brigadier-General FRY,

Camp Nelson, Ky.:

Send two companies of Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry through Woodford, Anderson, and Shelby Counties to La Grange. They will scout country thoroughly and collect Government cattle scattered yesterday by rebels twenty-two miles from Louisville. Three days' rations will be taken, and they will report arrival. All the other companies mounted will move to Lebanon and report arrival.

By order of Brigadier-General Hobson:

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

POST HEADQUARTERS,

Louisville, Ky., January 26, 1865.

Captain E. B. HARLAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Military District of Kentucky:

CAPTAIN: In reply to your communication of present date I have the honor to state that I made arrangements last evening for men to start early this morning, taking with them Captain Rolfe, acting commissary of subsistence, who was in charge at the time of the attack, and collect the cattle and drive them to this place. This force had started several hours before your communication reached me. I have also ordered fifteen men from the Fourth Missouri Cavalry to go as guard to the ambulances, which will probably start within an hour. I understand that the only line in charge of the negroes was a second lieutenant, who was back some distance, in the town away from his command at the time of the butchery. I have not as yet been able to learn his name, but will if possible have him arrested.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. COYL,

Lieutenant-Colonel Ninth Iowa Infantry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Owenborough, Ky., January 26, 1865.

Captain E. B. HARLAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Dist. of Kentucky, Louisville, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to request definite instructions in regard to guerrillas giving themselves up voluntarily or otherwise falling into my hands. I hold under arrest James W. Speaks, who acknowledges himself to a member of Duncan's band, and whom I think to be a guerrilla. Shall I execute such men, or send them to Louisville with charges? This man Speaks rode upon a scout I had sent out, thinking them friends, and surrendered without resistance. I would

