
say, more intense than in the northern parts of the State. A wish to save their wealth from devastation and for their own use, heretofore untouched, added to the certainty that their day of security may soon pass away, renders the truth of these accounts in the highest degree probable. These opinion as to popular sentiment and feeling in Alabama are believed to be correct, but it must be remembered that there has been for years an absence of the usual tests and means of ascertaining popular sentiment. Elections have been farces, popular deliberations unknown and stifled, the freedom and existence, indeed, in North Alabama of a press, a thing of the past; but in a community where an intelligent man knows every one, correct deductions can be made from slight premises. A word from a leading man of a large connection known to the auditor, confidential communications from known Union men from different counties and neighborhoods, confidential advice asked and given, professional and private, through the whole rebellion- these things can afford fair data, the best under the circumstances for correct deductions. The government of the State is in the hands of a rebel majority, and the Union men in the legislature seem to be unable to make any progress in the right direction. Approaches are now making to Governor Watts, urging him to take some immediate and decided steps to save the State from further devastation. He is unfortunately a man of narrow views and weak will, and weak will, and does not seem to possess the elements which in the present emergency would make some atonement for his past ruinous policy. With some change in the policy of the Administration in regard to slavery, the Union men and former secessions of Alabama believe that they can redeem Alabama and restore her as a valuable State to the Federal Union, break the foul rebel party forever, and turn a current of popular odium and execration against the rebellion and its authors and adherents that will extinguish all bit terns against the Federal Government and consolidate into a healthy national sentiment that will never again go into causeless rebellion against the national authority.

A speedy reply is most respectfully solicited, and I remain, as ever, your obedient servant,

J. J. GIERS.

(Care of Brigadier General R. S. Granger, Decatur, Ala.)

P. S.-I would here mention to you that Judge Smith, member of the rebel Congress from the Tuscaloosa district, will shortly resign his seat at Richmond and return home. His wife (daughter of Mrs. A. Easby, 16 East Capitol street, Washington City) came through the lines some time ago and was in New Orleans about a month ago on her way to her mother's. I inclose a few lines from Governor A. Johnson, written in the belief that I was to go to Washington in person, which my time will not permit at this time.

2nd P. S.-I need scarcely tell you that I do nothing without the knowledge or permission of General R. S. Granger or the commander of the post at Decatur.

[Inclosure.]

STATE OF TENNESSEE EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Nashville, February 1, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding U. S. Armies, &amp;c.;

GENERAL: Please permit me to introduce to you favorable consideration Mr. J. J. Giers, of Alabama, now a resident of this city, and for

