
some time personally known to me. Mr. G. is a man of high character, standing, and integrity, and thoroughly loyal to the Federal Government. Any statement he may make can be relieved upon with implicit confidence. He desires a short audience with you, which I hope will be granted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ANDREW JOHNSON.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 26, 1865-12 m.

(Via Cairo and New York.)

Major-General CANBY,

New Orleans:

General A. J. Smith with about 18,000 men and a cavalry force of about 5,000 has been ordered to report to you at New Orleans, unless you direct some other point of embarkation. The objective is Selma or Montgomery, including the capture of Mobile or not, as you may deem best. Commodore Thatcher will take command in Mobile Bay with additional vessels to co-operate. In order to make our campaign successful while Sherman is occupying the enemy in Georgia and South Carolina, will require much energy of preparation and activity of execution.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 26, 1865. (Received February 3.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch of the 19th has been received.* The preparations for the operations indicated are well advanced. The greater part of the troops are already assembled in this neighborhood and in Pensacola Harbor and Mobile Bay. The remainder will be collected at once. Our greatest want will be cavalry horses. The hard service of the last forty days, coupled with the bad roads and terrible rain-storms that have prevailed throughout the valley, have disabled many. I am dismounting the most inefficient of the cavalry for the purpose of making the other efficient, and will send requisition at once for the remounts required. The only naval vessels required will be light-draft monitors. Admiral Lee is now here, and I have no doubt will sent all that may be needed. I have found in the commanders of both squadrons every disposition to co-operate to the fullest extent of their power. I am already in communication with General Thomas, but will be prepared to act independently of him, if necessary. Can General Gillmore be sent to me? I would be glad to have General Averell and General Arnold if they can be spared. The rainy season ends here ordinarily between the 1st and 10th of next month, and a few days of dry weather will make the roads from the Gulf to the interior practicable.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

* See Vol. XLVIII, Part I, p. 580.

---------------

38 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

