HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTH ALABAMA AND WEST FLORIDA,January 26, 1865.

Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Agreeably to instructions from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, I have the honor to make the following designation of troops for the minimum permanent garrison in Pensacola and Mobile Bays, viz: Fort Pickens, three companies Twenty-fifth Colored Infantry; Fort Barrancas, two companies Sixth Michigan Heavy Artillery; Redoubt, one company Sixth Michigan Heavy Artillery; for the garrison, guarding supplies, &amp;c., on the mainland at Barrancas, eight companies Twenty-fifth Colored Infantry and the dismounted men of the Second Maine and First Florida Cavalry; Fort Morgan, five companies Sixth Michigan Heavy Artillery; Fort Gaines, two companies Sixth Michigan Heavy Artillery. The engineer and quartermaster's employ's at the above stations to be organized, armed, &c., to be used for defense if required. The balance of the troops (white), after giving to General Andrew the Sixty-ninth Indiana and Ninety-seventh Illinois, consisting of the Twentieth Wisconsin, Nineteenth Iowa, Ninety-fourth Illinois, Third Maryland, composed of six companies, Sixteenth Indiana, four companies, I recommended be constituted a brigade with Battery G, First Michigan Artillery, and given to Colonel Henry Bertram, Twentieth Wisconsin. This leaves in this district: Twentieth Colored Infantry, Ninety-sixth Colored Infantry, at East Pascagoula; Ninety-seventh Colored Infantry, Eighty-second Colored Infantry, Eighty-sixth Colored Infantry, at Barrancas; Second Maine and First Florida Cavalry. The Warrior and Swaim have arrived and gone directly to Barrancas with portions of Andrew's command. The Saint Charles is hourly expected with the remainder. The Alabama is due from Barrancas and by it I shall send the Sixth Missouri and Fourteenth New York Cavalry to Lakeport. The moment transportation reaches here I shall be off to Mobile Point and Dauphin Island with this command.

Very respectfully,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I am fearful that some accident has happened to the Saint Charles. I sent to Ship Island to give her orders to proceed direct to Barrancas, but she had not made her appearance; probably has run aground. If so, the troops must suffer, as the weather is very cold. I have no boats here to release her.

G. GRANGER,

JANUARY 27, 1865-9 p. m.

P. S. Numbers 2.-The Saint Charles passed here at 10 p. m. and proceeded direct to Barrancas. The Clyde and Alabama arrived to-day. The latter leaves at once for Lakeport with the Fourteenth New York Cavalry, and the Clyde for Fort Morgan with the Ninety-sixth Colored Infantry.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, January 26, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans, La.:

COLONEL: A lady refugee who left Mobile on the 20th instant confirms the information I reported yesterday in regard to the rebel force

