
monthly, and for the future I may expect to receive the proportion to which we are entitled. There are now on hand between 500 and 600 (General Upton has been supplied), and 1,000 more have been ordered to be sent from New York. If you will have the commanding officers of each regiment of the corps make requisitions for the number of Spencer carbines necessary to complete its armament, and mark on them as they pass through your hands the order in which you wish them supplied and forward them to me, I will send the carbines as rapidly as they come to hand. I inclose you a copy of memoranda from Major-General Halleck with regard to horses, &amp;c.* Would it not be well to send to this depot by the steamers which go down with General Upton's command all the disabled cavalry horses you have? The facilities for recuperating them are greater at this point than elsewhere. I am directed by the Cavalry Bureau as soon as practicable to see General Thomas and yourself for the purpose of making definite arrangements with regards to all questions of supply for the Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi. I hope to be able to see you in the course of the next ten days.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. CHAMBLISS,

Major and Special Inspector of Cavalry, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

CAVALRY BUREAU, OFFICE OF SPECIAL INSPECTOR,

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Louisville, Ky., January 27, 1865.

Major General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: In writing to you this morning it did not occur to me that I had not explained why the horses for Hatch's division had not been forwarded. I was informed by General Allen at the time that owing to the necessity of moving Schofield's corps nothing could then be done. All the boats that could be had were sent round for that purpose. I proposed sending the horses on these boats but was informed that Schofield was at Clinton, 100 miles below Easport, and the boats could not be permitted to lose time by going up to you, so there was nothing to do but to wait. In the meantime I sen what horses we had to Nashville. I have directed Captain Allen, assistant quartermaster, to send by General Upton's quartermaster all the horses we have, but find transportation cannot be had to-day. An officer is to be left behind by General Upton to take charge of the horses which will be shipped in a few days. We will still receive some few horses. All of these I will send you and as often as transportation can be had.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. CHAMBLISS.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 16. Gravelly Springs, Ala., January 27, 1865.

* * * *

II. Upon the receipt of this order Brevet Major-General Upton, commanding Fourth Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the

---------------

* See Vol. XLV, Part II, p. 614.

---------------

