
secured as a base of operations we have no need of transportation for an interior line of operations. Moreover, it is possible that we may secure a line of water transportation. All this in due time.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

PLEASANT GROVE, January 28, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS:

In compliance with orders just received, I submit a report of our progress in repairing the Nashville, Decatur and Louisville Railroad. We finished the trestle one mile south of Campbell's Station this afternoon at 4 o'clock, and ran a train load of material to the next bridge at Robinson's Creek, sixty-three miles from Nashville, which we will commence in the morning.

L. H. EICHOLTZ,

Division Engineer, U. S. Military Railroads.

OFFICE DEPOT COMMISSARY OF SUBSISTENCE,

Eastport, Miss., January 28, 1865.

Captain H. M. CIST,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Department of the Cumberland:

CAPTAIN: The acting chief commissary of subsistence being absent, I have thought it would perhaps be proper to make to you a report of subsistence stores on hand at this depot. I have the honor, therefore, to report the following stores on hand, viz: Pork, 476 barrels, or 126,900 rations; flour, 159 barrels, or 27,800 rations. I am unable at present to report the number of beef-cattle on hand, not being able to communicate across the river with Lieutenant Nicholson, acting commissary of subsistence. I have the honor to report that the following issues were made yesterday, viz: To First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, 13,500 rations flour; Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, 16,700 rations flour; Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, 9,750 rations flour; cavalry command, 46,600 rations flour; headquarters Department of the Cumberland, 2,958 rations flour. A like quantity of salt meat was issued, being two days' full rations. The stores for the cavalry command were to be forwarded this morning, the depot assistant quartermaster being unable to forward yesterday for want of pilot. All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, captain, your obedient servant,

JAMES MCDONALD,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., January 28, 1865.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of January 21, 1865, relative to the assignment of Brigadier-General Van Derveer.* He will be assigned to the command of the brigade of

---------------

* See Vol. XLV, Part II, p. 623.

---------------

