HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 28, 1865 - 2 p. m.

(Received February 6, via Cairo, Ill.)

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Commanding, &amp; c.:

The rainy season in this section usually ends in the first ten days of next month, and the roads from the Gulf to the interior will be practicable after a few days of dry weather. I will have 18,000 infantry, 2,000 cavalry, and 1,200 artillery in readiness. If the roads prevent your moving so early, it will be necessary to increase the strength of this column. I can make it up to 30,000 men of all arms by reducing the garrisons of posts on the river. This may be done safely if you leave any considerable force to threaten Corinth and the communications south of that place. I will be prepared to co-operate with you or to act independently if you do not move in the direction of Selma. Please advise me as soon as possible.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Eastport, Miss., January 28, 1865.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

SIR: I desire to call the attention of the President to David Moore, colonel of the Twenty-first Missouri Veteran Volunteer Infantry, who in the commencement of the rebellion rallied around him the loyal men of North Missouri and drove from it the half-formed bands of rebels who were being organized there. In August, 1861, he was mustered into the service of the United States as a colonel and has held that rank ever since. At the battle of Shiloh, Colonel Moore lost a leg, and ere he had fairly recovered he reported to his regiment for duty. During the past year he commanded the First Brigade of the Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, and at the battle of Tupelo, Miss., he commanded the division. He now commands the First Brigade, of the Second Division, of this command. Knowing that Colonel Moore has done and suffered enough for the country to deserve it, I most earnestly recommend that he be at once promoted to brigadier-general of volunteers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., January 28, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 28th day of January, 1865: A report from Lieutenant George G. Curtiss, Baton Rouge, January 24, 1865, states that Colonel Jack Scott is reported making efforts to collect the absentees of his command, which number more than those

