
present. A report from J. Morris Haff, Thibodeaux, January 24, 1865, states that he has gleaned the following information from prisoners captured on Bayou Long January 20: General S. B. Buckner commands and is at Alexandria; the brigade of General Thomas, consisting of the Seventeenth, Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, Twenty-eighth, and Thirty-first Louisiana Infantry, Weatherly's battalion (late Miles' Legion) of infantry, Wade's light artillery (six guns), and a company of heavy artillery, is at Alexandria. A small cavalry force is also there. Thomas' brigade and the Crescent Regiment, Louisiana Infantry, numbering in all about 3,000, are all the troops in the vicinity of Alexandria. The Third Louisiana was recently there, but has been sent to Shreveport to perform provost duty.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS,East Pascagoula, January 28, 1865.

Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I think we will be able to evacuate this place to-morrow. Nearly transportation enough has arrived. General Andrews' force, which sailed from New Orleans, have safely reached Pensacola. The Sixty-ninth Indiana and Ninety-seventh Illinois will go directly from here to Barrancas on the Saint Mary's.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 29, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS,

Eastport:

My telegram of the 26th decides your question about sending troops to General Canby. I presume General Grant will give your orders about co-operating as soon as Canby is ready to take the field. Columbus is in your department, but all posts on the Mississippi River are subject to the general orders of General Canby, the same as those in other parts of Kentucky and Tennessee are within General Sherman's division. Lines of military divisions do not necessarily conform to department or district lines, and orders changing divisions do not affect department or district boundaries, unless it is so stated. All returns, &amp; c., are to be made as before.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Eastport, Miss., January 29, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Your telegram of 11.30 a. m. 26th instant has just been received this evening. The necessary orders for compliance therewith have already

