HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Eastport, January 29, 1865.

Brigadier-General WOOD:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that immediately upon receipt of this telegram you will send one division of your corps to Nashville by rail, and thence by steamer to this place as rapidly as possible. They will take with them their shelter tents; be supplied with rations to carry them to this place. Their wagons and ambulances will be sent across the country under a sufficient guard, the wagons to be loaded with nothing but forage and ten days' rations for the guard. Two batteries of artillery will be sent with the wagon train. Please acknowledge receipt of this.

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., January 29, 1865 - 12.15 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. WHARTON,

Chief Engineer, Department of the Cumberland:

Please send me at once the twenty boats, with the necessary equipments of cordage, &amp; c. As soon as possible order to us from Nashville whatever you may think will help out this train. It is much needed.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., January 29, 1865 - 12.15 p. m.

Captain C. H. IRVIN,

Assistant Quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland:

Please forward as soon as possible the balks, chesses, & c., designed for the pontoon train here, and for which requisitions have already been made. Without these articles the train here will be of no account for service.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., January 29, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Army Corps:

On the 6th, the day after the arrival of my division at this place, I was directed to send a brigade to re-enforce the garrison of Decatur, Ala. I ordered Bradley's (Third) brigade, Colonel Conrad commanding, supposing the detail would only be for a few days. I am informed that regiments have been detached and so many details made from the brigade as to prevent regular drill and other preparations for putting the command in good condition for a campaign. I trust such measures may be taken as will put that brigade in the same condition for the field with the others of the division.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

