
ATHENS, January 29, 1865 - 6 p. m.

General TILLSON:

Your dispatch received.* The enemy is reported eight miles out on Georgia road. I had sent off Captain Roberts' men with some scouts from this vicinity to ascertain the position of the enemy, and if he is within reach I will push vigorously before daylight. I will send cavalry on first train after they return.

C. H. GROSVENOR,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp; c.

BRIDGEPORT, January 29, 1865.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that on Friday night, 27th, I surprised and charged a rebel encampment about twelve miles from Roman's Landing. The detachment consisted of Lieutenant Smith and thirty-six men of Captain Sparks' company. They were completely routed. We killed 1, wounded 8, and captured 4, including the first sergeant. Most of their equipments and horses fell into our hands. Yesterday, 28th, on my march toward the river my rear guard was attacked about one mile from the landing by a rebel force of over eighty. The company of the Sixty-eighth New York Veteran Volunteers composing the same, repulsed them handsomely, without any loss on our part. First Lieutenant Leander Martin, Company A, Eighteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, was killed in the first charge. His body is here. No other losses. Written report will follow.+

FELIX PR. SALM,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier (ARTY. RESERVE), FOURTH DIVISION, 23rd ARMY CORPS, Numbers 3. Knoxville, Tenn., January 29, 1865.

1. First Lieutenant Walter S. Bradford, Second Ohio Heavy Artillery, is announced as acting assistant adjutant-general of this brigade. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly. All communications for these headquarters will be addressed to him at Knoxville.

2. Colonel H. G. Gibson, as the immediate commander of the troops at this post, assumes the duties of post commander.

* * * * * * *

H. G. GIBSON,

Colonel Second Ohio Heavy Artillery.

ATHENS, January 29, 1865 - 4 p. m.

Captain DEANE:

All quiet here. The enemy, reported 300 strong, left here yesterday at 4 p. m., and are reported seven miles from here this morning. Three hundred are reported at Madisonville.

T. A. STEVENSON,

Captain, Second Ohio Heavy Artillery, Commanding Detachment.

---------------

* Not found.

+ See p. 10.

---------------

