
rience in raiding will teach him in this matter better than he can be directed. Let there be no delay in the preparations for this expedition, and keep me advised of its progress.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., January 31, 1865.

(Received 4.30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

General Thomas makes requisition for transportation of 30,000 men and 20,000 to 25,000 animals and 1,000 wagons. Transportation for the numbers mentioned by you is in a state of forwardness. I will increase it as rapidly as possible. I understand from you that the wagons and teams are not to go at present.

R. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General and Quartermaster.

NASHVILLE, January 31, 1865. - 10.10 a. m.

Captain ROBERT H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eastport:

The movement of troops and the freezing state of Ohio River have prevented steamers from coming to Nashville. Every available boat has been taken, consequently we have not and will not have in the next six days transportation to move the division of the Fourth Corps. If dispatch is required I advise their marching to Eastport. It is not much over 100 miles and only four feet of water on shoals and falling. Expecting to hear promptly from the major-general, I shall telegraph this message to commanding officer of Fourth Corps, so that he may act as he deems wisest in the case, either to come here or march to Eastport.

J. L. DONALDSON.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 28. Eastport, Miss., January 31, 1865.

* * * * * * *

III. Brigadier-General Grierson, U. S. Volunteers, having reported to these headquarters in accordance with orders, will proceed to Annapolis, Md., reporting on arrival to Lieutenant-General Grant, commanding U. S. Armies, for orders.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

H. M . CIST,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, January 31, 1865.

Captain ROBERT H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch of January 29 just received, and the division will be sent as soon as transportation can be procured by railroad to Nashville.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

