
ORDERS.] HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Huntsville, Ala., January 31, 1865.

The troops of this division will embark by rail for Nashville, thence by steam-boat for Eastport, Miss., as rapidly as possible, in the following order: First, Third Brigade; second, Second Brigade; third, First Brigade. The troops will take with them all their tentage, baggage, desks, &amp; c., and all the provisions now in their hands. Also all their pack animals allowed in orders, and officers' horses. In shipping the troops fifty men will be put on a car. So soon as the Third Brigade (Brigadier-General Beatty commanding) arrives at Nashville, he will call on General Donaldson, chief quartermaster, for steamers to transport 5,000 troops, horses, & c., to Eastport, Miss. So soon as transportation is furnished for his brigade he will embark and proceed to Eastport, if not otherwise ordered. The steamers carrying each brigade of troops must keep together. In embarking the troops care must be taken not to crowd the troops and animals excessively on the boats. Due regard must be had to the comfort of the troops in fixing the number to be carried on each boat. On arriving at Eastport the leading troops will disembark promptly, so as to relieve the transportation. Each brigade will draw in Nashville a sufficient quantity of provisions to supply them abundantly, with what they have on hand, until they reach Eastport. The Forty-first Ohio and the Fifty-first Indiana Regiments are detailed as a guard to all wheeled vehicles, including two batteries of artillery, to proceed by way of Athens, Florence, and Waterloo, to Eastport. Lieutenant Colonel R. L. Kimberly, Forty-first Ohio, will take command of the expedition. The train and its guard will take with it ten days' subsistence and forage for the animals; also their own baggage, pack-mules, & c. Lieutenant-Colonel Kimberly will exercise great care and vigilance in guarding the train and prevent disaster. Surgeon Lynde, chief surgeon, will send all the sick, who cannot be safely moved, to hospital at this post; the remainder will be taken along, and sufficient supplies, tentage, & c., to care for the sick until the hospital train arrives.

By command of Brigadier-General Wood:

M. P. BESTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECATUR, January 31, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

I have sent out to-day three reliable scouts as directed. They will lose no time in obtaining the information desired. Have no news to-day, but hope to hear something reliable on Wednesday.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

HUNTSVILLE, January 31, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS:

The following I believe reliable. The gentleman from whom this information was derived left Montgomery afternoon of the 23rd. Two corps, Cheatham's and Lee's, were passing through Montgomery on the 23rd instant, en route for South Carolina. Dick Taylor with one corps and Forrest's cavalry was at or near Tupelo. Johnston declined Beauregard's command.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

