
BRIDGEPORT, January 31, 1865.

Major MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Armstrong, assistant quartermaster, wanted to-day a guard of fifty men on board the steamer Lookout to go down the river to forage. I refused to detail the men, as I have reliable and positive information that the enemy is about 600 strong in the vicinity where Captain Armstrong directs his party, and I would not take it on my responsibility to risk the men.

FELIX PR. SALM,

Colonel.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF EAST TENNESSEE AND FOURTH DIVISION, 23rd ARMY CORPS, Numbers 10. Knoxville, Tenn., January 31, 1865.

It having been shown by the most indubitable proof that large numbers of persons in this district have taken the amnesty oath for other than the purpose of restoring peace and establishing the national authority, in compliance with paragraph 2, General Orders, Numbers 242, series of 1864, Adjutant-General's Office, it is ordered that hereafter the amnesty oath shall only be administered by Lieutenant-Colonel Trowbridge, provost-marshal-general of East Tennessee, or by the commissioners appointed by the U. S. district court, in compliance with written permission from the provost-marshal-general of East Tennessee. All officers of this command are directed to deprive persons, residents of this district, of certificates showing that they have taken the amnesty oath subsequent to this date, unless it shall appear upon such certificates that it has been taken in compliance with the terms of this order.

By command of Brigadier-General Tillson:

W. W. DEANE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., January 31, 1865.

Brigadier-General HOBSON:

There are 250 mounted guerrillas near and west of Elizabethtown. Mr. Sam Thomas of Elizabethtown can direct a force so they can be taken. If you can, please send a party after them. I have no mounted forces. Please answer.

HUGH EWING,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., January 31, 1865.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Louisville:

Have ordered Major Mahoney, at Lebanon, to get all the mounted force in that vicinity and move in the direction of Elizabethtown and get on track of rebels, and to notify the different points where my troops are stationed to look for them.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

