
EASTPORT, February 2, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

Dispatch received. Previous dispatch from General Halleck estimates the command of General A. J. Smith at 18,000 [men] and 5,000 horses. Wagons and trains to be left behind for the present. The transportation on General Halleck's estimate is nearly ready. I will increase it as rapidly as possible. The Ohio is gorged below the falls and no boats can go from here. Will send all the steamers from below Cairo and from Memphis to Eastport. The command will have to move in detachments. Cannot send subsistence stores from here; these stores will be sent to Cairo from Saint Louis by rail, and then taken up at that point. A partial supply may be sent from Nashville to Eastport, but will not be depended on.

ROBT. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General and Quartermaster.

NASHVILLE, February 2, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

General Allen telegraphs me February 1 as follows:

The gorge is giving way below the falls; will be able to send you boats in a day or two.

This, in connection with General Wood's telegram, explains the situation.

J. L. DONALDSON,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Eastport, February 2, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. MACKAY,

Chief Quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date relative to sending out fleet of transports from this place at 10 a. m. to-morrow. The major-general commanding directs that the information be sent you that Captain Boyd, commanding Division of Mississippi Squadron, has requested that the fleets going down the river leave this place at 5 p. m. of the days they depart to enable the boats to pass through the piers of the ruined bridge over the Tennessee during daylight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Eastport, Miss., February 2, 1865.

Colonel J. G. PARKHURST,

Provost-Marshal-General, Department of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you require all prominent and influential residents of Murfreesborough and vicinity, both male and female, to submit to you in writing and under oath rea

