
The major-general commanding is glad to announce the success of our arms in driving back, with heavy loss, the enemy from our shores, though they may have retired to make preparations for a renewal of the attack. You are therefore urged to be always in readiness to repair to headquarters immediately on the concerted signal being given.

By order of Major General Sam. Jones:

W. K. BEARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

THE MILITIA.

The conduct of the militia in the recent affair has shown that for actual service they are equally available with the regular Confederate troops. They exhibited as much coolness and courage as veterans, and the prompt action of all, even of those who were not in the engagement, contributed to make a display of force that disheartened the enemy and probably induced an earlier retreat than would have taken place merely from the result of the fighting. The large number of forces that have been so quickly concentrated here, together with the result of the engagement, has inspired the utmost confidence in our people, and, with the natural advantages of the country and our fortified positions, we can stop five times the number that came on this occasion. But a small portion of our force was actually engaged with the enemy.

The loss of Mr. Dan Ladd's mill at Newport is almost a calamity to the citizens of Wakulla County. In the hurry of getting out our last week's paper we omitted to state that it was burned by our forces, as also the workshops connected with it. The mill did the grinding of a large portion of the county, besides furnishing meal to many families who had no corn to grind. The workshops and saw-mill are a great loss to the Government, as they have been used for important Government work for some time past. A large quantity of valuable patterns were also destroyed - the accumulation of years. Nothing was saved from either the mill or shops. The bridge was not burned, as at first stated, but only torn to pieces by our forces. It was easily repaired after the Yankees left.

We are requested to state that the band of the Seventh Florida Regiment will give their concerts on next Monday and Tuesday evenings. They could not fill their appointments for this city (7th and 8th) on account of the disturbed state of affairs consequent upon the late battle. We hope the lady and gentlemen amateurs of our city will lend their aid, and that they may realize a large sum from their entertainments for their noble undertaking of furnishing sugar and sirup to the Florida Brigade of Tennessee.

On Tuesday last it was discovered that an attempt had been made to burn the Aucilla trestle on the Pensacola and Georgia Railroad. The damage was slight, not enough to stop the trains. The telegraph wire was also cut at the trestle. This is supposed to be the work of deserters, and may have been a part of the programme of the enemy to prevent troops from being brought up from the east to take a hand in the late fight.

