
30,000 troops sent to South Carolina in all. They were all armed, but badly off for clothing. It was said Hood had been relieved and Taylor superseded him, although Hood went with them to South Carolina. Through the country, both on the way down and back, he learned that Hood had allowed the Mississippi troops to go home, but they were to reassemble at Columbus February 1. The general opinion was that not more than half would go back to the army. Peace was very extensively talked of, and he was told that a bill was before the Alabama Legislature to emancipate all negroes between the ages of eighteen and thirty who were put into the army. The negroes were very much excited about this, and did not appear to like it. Roddey was at Tuscaloosa. Nothing but sick at Aberdeen. Nothing at Corinth, Saltillo, or Guntown excepting a few scouts. Forrest was at Tupelo, with one brigade at Baldwyn. It was Mabry's, 700 strong. It relieved Bell's while he was below there. Forrest had no infantry with him. There were two regiments at Columbus. His command was said to be very much disorganized, but well mounted. There was considerable disaffection among some of his men. There was very little forage or provisions in the country. Forrest's men had taken all. The people were very much disheartened. The roads were in a very bad condition, all being badly cut up and almost impassable, the creek bottoms being filled with water and ice. Mr. Wall is a reliable man, though from the excessive cold and difficulties of traveling he did not see as many people as he might. The report of Hood's movements is doubtless correct. The circumstances detailed by Mr. Wall leave no room for doubt. Roddey's movement to Tuscaloosa began several days ago, and in this particular Mr. Wall's report is corroborated by information obtained from the south side of the river yesterday through a loyal woman whose son is in Roddey's command. He reported the last company to leave yesterday. I will send Mr. Wall to army headquarters to-morrow.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

ATHENS, February 2, 1865.

Major MOE:

Can you send me two pieces of artillery? The country is in quite a high state of excitement - citizens fleeing with their stock for safety. I apprehend no serious trouble, and two pieces of artillery would insure the safety of the place against the force that infests the mountains in the southern part of this county.

W. H. H. CROWELL,

Captain, Second Ohio Heavy Artillery, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, Tenn., February 2, 1865.

Major General L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Commanding District of Tennessee:

By direction of the major-general commanding, I have the honor to inform you that this office will be removed to Nashville to-morrow, Feb

