
ruary 3, and that all communications requiring action here will be addressed to Nashville on and after this date.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel C. H. Carlton, commanding Post of Chattanooga; Major General J. B. Steedman, commanding District of the Etowah, and Brigadier General T. J. Wood, commanding Fourth Army Corps.)

TULLAHOMA, TENN., February 2, 1865.

Brigadier-General GRANGER,

Commanding at Huntsville or Decatur:

I started an infantry expedition this morning from Decherd, Tenn., to operate in the direction of Salem, Tenn., thence south to Larkin's Fork Post Office, Ala., thence to go west in the direction of New Market, Ala. I will also start cavalry expedition on Saturday from Fayetteville, Tenn., to operate in the direction of New Markett, Ala., to clean out a large and troublesome guerrilla force that harbors in the country south of Elk and north of Tennessee Rivers. Will you please send a co-operating force from Huntsville, Ala., in the direction of New Market, Ala., on Saturday. Please answer.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General of Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES NASHVILLE AND CHATTANOOGA RAILROAD, Numbers 23. Tullahoma, February 2, 1865.

I. All of the garrisons on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad between Nashville and Duck River bridge, both inclusive, are hereby reduced to twenty men each, except the garrison at La Vergne, which is hereby reduced to twenty-five men. The post garrison at Murfreesborough is not included in this order. The excess of men gained by this change will be organized into a pioneer corps by the commanding officer of the One hundred and fifteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, who will also place a competent officer to its command. This corps will be stationed at Duck River bridge, and will be used in conducting the defenses of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad between that point and Nashville. It will also be used as a reserve in the event of an attack. Brigadier General H. P. Van Cleve will see that this order is communicated to the several garrisons and that is provisions are perfected.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Milroy:

JNO. O. CRAVENS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEFENSES NASHVILLE AND CHATTANOOGA R. R.,

Tullahoma, February 2, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel CLIFT,

Commanding Fifth Tennessee Cavalry:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding defenses started an infantry force of 300 men, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Stauber, Forty-second Missouri Infantry Volunteers, from Decherd, Tenn., this morning. This force will operate in the direction of Salem, Tenn.;

