
thence south to Larkin's Fork Post-Office, Ala.; thence west in the direction of New Market, Ala. The major-general commanding has also telegraphed to Brigadier-General Granger to have a co-operating force sent from Huntsville, Ala., in the direction of New Market, Ala., on Saturday. The major-general commanding directs that you send out from Fayetteville, Tenn., on Saturday, the 4th instant, to operate in conjunction with forces from Decherd, Tenn., and from Huntsville, Ala., in the direction of New Market, Ala., all the forces under your command. You will form a junction at or about New Markett, Ala., with the co-operating forces, and act in concert with them in cleaning out a large and troublesome force of guerrillas that infest the country south of Elk and north of Tennessee Rivers.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. MOHLER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

EMINENCE, KY., February 2, 1865.

Brigadier-General HOBSON:

Sue Munday's command, about thirty men, well mounted, passed through Smithfield this morning at 2 o'clock, in direction of New Castle; left that place to the right; about two miles near that place attacked a detachment of the Seventeenth Army Corps, en route to this place from Carrollton; wounded four or five of them; heard nothing of them since.

E. W. EASLEY,

Captain, Commanding Post.

LEXINGTON, KY., February 2, 1865.

General D. W. LINDSEY,

Frankfort, Ky.:

Send couriers to Captain Brown, at Lawrenceburg, to look out for Sue Munday's guerrillas. They were last heard from going in the direction of Versailles.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, February 2, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Crab Orchard:

Send part of your mounted force to Danville. Sue Munday burned depot at Midway this evening. Moved in direction of Versailles. If your men hear of them they must follow them.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., February 2, 1865.

Brigadier-General FRY,

Camp Nelson, Ky.:

I have sent forces from Crab Orchard to Danville. Squad left here to-night. Will move toward Versailles, taking all troops with them from different points.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

