
enough to meet Forrest if he should attempt to come north, or to penetrate Alabama if Forrest should turn against Canby. Sherman is very desirous that Thomas should push a force down to Kingston and Rome this winter, repairing the road after him, if he can do no more. I doubt whether he has the force to do this, now that Smith is taken from him. It might be submitted to him, however, whether it can be done or not. I have sent a staff officer with instructions for General Thomas to send Stoneman from Knoxville on a raid upon the roads in the north part of South Carolina. This, however, will take none, or but few, of his troops from Middle Tennessee.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., February 3, 1865.

(Received 9.25 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Transportation for the entire command has left. The advance transport will have arrived at Eastport before this date.

ROBT. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 31. Eastport, Miss., February 3, 1865.

I. In accordance with instructions received from Lieutenant-General Grant, the detachment of the Army of the Tennessee, Major General A. J. Smith commanding, will embark on steamers at this place and proceed as rapidly as possible to New Orleans, La., where Major-General Smith will report with his command to Major General E. R. S. Canby for duty, unless other orders are received while the command is en route. Major-General Smith will turn over all surplus and unserviceable transportation and quartermaster's property not actually required by his command to Captain F. H. Ruger, depot quartermaster, who will receipt for the same. Quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

II. In accordance with instructions received from Lieutenant-General Grant, Bvt. Major General J. H. Wilson, commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, will send one division of his command by steamers from this point as rapidly as possible to New Orleans, La., with instructions to the commanding officer to report with his command upon arrival at New Orleans to Major General E. R. S. Canby for duty, should no other orders be received while the command is en route. Quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Huntsville, Ala., February 3, 1865.

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that, owing to the vast amount of thieving, pillaging, and robbing committed by the

