
troops while out, no more forage trains will be sent out from this command. Parties sent out for wood will not take rails. The command must chop wood, and no more rails will be burned.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Gravelly Springs, Ala., February 3, 1865.

(Received 1.05 p. m. 6th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

In compliance with your order to General Thomas the Seventh Cavalry Division, Brigadier General Joseph F. Knipe commanding, will be ready to leave Waterloo for New Orleans as soon as transportation is furnished. In order to complete its remount I shall take all of the horses necessary from the Fifth Division, it having more dismounted men at present than any other. Two regiments of the Seventh Division are at Nashville for remount, but I have sent a telegram to General Knipe to proceed with them to Paducah, where the rest of the division will join him. This command will leave here furnished with a battery of horse artillery, transportation, and a complete remount ready for field service.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Gravelly Springs, Ala., February 3, 1865.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to request that Bvt. Brigadier General J. H. Hammond, U. S. Volunteers, for gallant and meritorious conduct during the recent campaign of General Thomas against General Hood, be assigned to duty by his brevet rank, to date from the -- of November, the date of his assignment to command of the First Brigade, Seventh Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi. It is but justice to this gallant and zealous officer to say that he has acquitted himself in the most creditable manner in leading and reducing to discipline and good order a brigade entirely untutored when he took command of it.

Hoping that his services may meet with their merited reward, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Gravelly Springs, Ala., February 3, 1865.

Captain JOHN GREEN,

Special Inspector, Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

CAPTAIN: The Seventh Division has been ordered to New Orleans, and will go without delay. The Tenth Tennessee, of Hatch's division, and the Nineteenth Pennsylvania have been transferred to it. The six regiments here will be completely mounted from Hatch's horses, and if necessary enough more will be sent with them for the two regiments with General Knipe. Please do all you can to hurry the men at Nash

