
ville as fast as possible, and to have them in complete condition for field service when the division arrives at New Orleans. I send full instructions to General Knipe. Lieutenant Prather will explain fully the condition of affairs here and the requirements of the command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 21. Gravelly Springs, Ala., February 3, 1865.

* * * * * * *

II. Brigadier General Joseph F. Knipe will proceed to New Orleans, La., with the Seventh Cavalry Division and report to Major General E. R. S. Canby, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi. General Knipe will take with him artillery and transportation.

III. The Nineteenth Pennsylvania and Tenth Tennessee Cavalry are hereby transferred respectively from the Fourth and Fifth Cavalry Divisions to the Seventh Cavalry Division. The commanding officers of the Nineteenth Pennsylvania and Tenth Tennessee Cavalry will report by letter to Brigadier-General Knipe for assignment. Colonel R. R. Stewart will completely mount the Tenth Tennessee Cavalry by taking horses from other regiments of the Fifth Cavalry Division, and direct it to report immediately to the commanding officer of the First Brigade, Seventh Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, Colonel Jackson commanding.

IV. Colonel R. R. Stewart, commanding Fifth Division, Cavalry Corps, will furnish Colonel Jackson, commanding First Brigade, Seventh Division with --- horses immediately and be prepared to furnish 500 men upon demand.

V. Brigadier General J. H. Hammond, U. S. Volunteers, is charged with the mounting and embarking of the First Brigade, Seventh Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi.

VI. As soon as the First Brigade, Seventh Division, is entirely mounted it will be held in readiness to move to Eastport to embark.

VII. Upon the completion of the duty of superintending the mounting and embarking the First Brigade, Seventh Division, Brigadier General J. H. Hammond will be relieved from its command and Colonel George W. Jackson, Ninth Indiana, will assume the command.

* * * * * * *

X. Captain W. B. Brunton is relieved from duty as acting ordnance officer, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi.

XI. Captain W. McBurney, First Ohio Cavalry, having reported at these headquarters in obedience with orders from the headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, is announced as ordnance officer of the Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi.

XII. The Seventh Division, Cavalry Corps, is organized into two brigades, composed of the following regiments: First Brigade, Colonel George W. Jackson commanding - Second Tennessee Cavalry, Fourth Tennessee Cavalry, Ninth Indiana Cavalry, Tenth Indiana Cavalry. Second Brigade, Colonel G. M. L. Johnson commanding - Twelfth Indiana Cavalry, Thirteenth Indiana Cavalry, Tenth Tennessee Cavalry, Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

