HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Gravelly Springs, Ala., February 3, 1865.

Brigadier General JOSEPH F. KNIPE,

Commanding Seventh Division, Cavalry Corps, Nashville, Tenn.:

In pursuance of instructions from chief of staff of the army, you will proceed without delay with your division, taking artillery and transportation to New Orleans, and report to Major-General Canby. Two regiments have been added to your command and all of your division at this place has been mounted on horses taken from the Fifth Division. Gather all of the men with you, mounted and dismounted, and proceed to Paducah, where the balance of the division will join you. Lose no time in obeying this order. Brigadier-General Donaldson, chief quartermaster, will furnish transportation. Notify me immediately by telegraph how many horses you will need from here to complete your remount. I can send five or six hundred by the First Brigade. I wish you would furnish me with complete returns of your command before you go away.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

RINGGOLD, February 3, 1865.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

I think it best to remain here to-day for further information. Captain Wilkes, with fifty of my men, is at Tunnel Hill. Rebels moved in direction of Varnell's Station. Yesterday a rebel force south of Tunnel Hill; number not known.

G. A. GOWIN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Sixth Tennessee Mounted Infantry Volunteers.

PULASKI, February 3, 1865.

(Received 4th.)

Major-General THOMAS:

We have killed 16 bushwhackers and captured 12 and chased the rest of Mead's battalion into Northern Alabama. I am informed that the War Department has ordered that no more horses shall be issued to the cavalry. If I had two more mounted regiments I could end all the guerrilla warfare in this part of Tennessee. My two best regiments were transferred by General Wilson to another division, and a foot regiment five me in their place. Mr. Adams will leave for Tuscumbia on Sunday for his brother's family. Will you authorize me to order military commissions for the trial of bushwhackers? I have several bad men who ought to be tried here, as all the witnesses are here. To send them to Nashville is to render a fair trial impossible. The railroad is completed to Reynolds.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIST. OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 33. Lexington, Ky., February 3, 1865.

* * * * * * *

V. The verbal order from headquarters District of Kentucky to Brigadier General E. H. Hobson to establish his headquarters at Lexington, given

