
to give all the information which may be desirable in so short a time, but I will supply any deficiencies you may find. I have said nothing about the garrison, because that is known best to the officer commanding it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. GILLISS,

Assistant U. S. Engineer.

[Inclosure.]

ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

Louisville, Ky., February 3, 1865.

Captain F. H. FARRELL,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Second Division, District of Kentucky:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report on the condition of the defenses of this city: The length of line is ten miles and a quarter, extending from Beargrass Cut Off, on the east, where it empties into the Ohio, to the mouth of Upper Paddy's Run, on the west. It is to be defended by eleven forts and twelve batteries. Ten of the former are nearly finished, and two batteries commenced. Except Fort McPherson, the main works are redoubts of from 550 to 700 feet development of crest, and intended to mount from four to six guns, and on an average the minimum garrison of each will be 200 infantry and 50 artillery, the maximum, three times that number. Minimum garrison for the ten redoubts of main works 2,000 infantry, 500 artillery; Fort McPherson, 500 infantry, 100 artillery. Total, 2,500 infantry, 600 artillery. In addition, there are to be between each of the main forts one or two batteries (see tracing).* These are to be manned by movable light artillery, 12-pounder smooth-bores preferable. Three or four such batteries to be stationed at central points, to move where required. There should also be an infantry force as large as can be had distributed, part in rifle-pits (to be dug by themselves) near the intermediate batteries, the rest as reserves at central points in the rear. The batteries are to be a short distance in rear of line connecting adjacent forts. They will average 200 feet development, and are built in the same manner as the forts, with plank revetments, platforms, and embrasures, but without magazines, and of sufficient command to sweep only ground in front, and to give seven feet cover to garrison. The main works have a relief averaging from fifteen to thirty feet; thickness of parapet in front, fifteen feet; on flanks, twelve feet, and in rear, six feet; crest seven feet above terre-plein. Magazines of capacity for 200 rounds to each gun, length from twenty-four to forty feet, have been furnished on the ten works. They are all made with air spaces surrounding, with drains and ventilators. The faces of the works are so arranged that there is always fire from at least two embrasures and two or more barbettes in every direction outside the line of defense, and a barbette at each end of rear parapet, giving fire to rear if necessary. In exposed directions there is still more room for guns. The main works being at an average distance of less than a mile from each other, on the salient of each can be brought to bear the fire from the fort and battery nearest to it on each side, and nearly all approaches will be under fire from four or five works. The 100-pounder Parrott gun on Fort McPherson has a range from the Bardstown turnpike, on the east, to the Salt River turnpike, on the west, sweeping the

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

