
Corinth, and many more are being erected in that part of the county. Negroes are conscripted to work in them. Forrest's command reported north of Pontotoc.

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS, February 3, 1865 - 6 p. m.

(Received 9 p. m. 13th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your telegram of the 26th [ultimo] has been received. The cavalry from the Army of the Cumberland has been ordered to disembark at Vicksburg and will be prepared to move from that point. The infantry force will be transferred to Mobile Bay from New Orleans. No time will be lost either in preparation or movement.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Kenner, La., February 3, 1865.

Colonel SAMUEL L. GLASGOW,

Commanding Twenty-third Iowa Volunteers:

(Through Colonel Charles Black, commanding Fourth Brigade.)

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that you will hold your command in readiness to embark at a moment's notice for Mobile Point, Ala. Your regiment is to be assigned to a brigade now serving there. You will embark on the same steamers that carry the First Brigade and you will be subject to General Lawler's orders until you receive notice of your permanent assignment.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. LACEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT GAINES, February 3, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have received information of a reliable character, as follows: The Mobile and Ohio Railroad was repaired and in running order on about the 15th of January last. Beauregard was then at Tupelo and commenced moving Lee's and Cheatham's corps to Branchville, via Meridian, Selma, Montgomery, &amp; c. Dick Taylor was left at Tupelo with Stewart's corps. Beauregard's advance, Johnson's division, left Meridian on the 21st instant for the east. These troops were moving rapidly. Their artillery and baggage had preceded them. Only a portion of Forrest's cavalry was at Tupelo. The balance was reported to have gone to East Tennessee. The navy-yard, shops, & c., in Mobile have been moved to Selma; also, all cotton in and around

