HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Gravelly Springs, Ala., February 4, 1865.

Captain HENRY M. CIST,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Department of the Cumberland:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date in regard to artillery horses. The six regiments of the Seventh Division now at this place are completely mounted, equipped, and armed, and are ready for embarkation for New Orleans, in pursuance with the orders from Major-General Thomas. They will start with 3,000 men for duty. I received yesterday from Brigadier-General Knipe a dispatch, stating that he had the Thirteenth Indiana completely mounted, and would soon have horses for the Twelfth. I shall therefore send no extra horses from here, but shall designate a quartermaster to receive the horses alluded to in your communication for Hatch's division. Be good enough to inform me when transportation will be ready for the Seventh Division, and also when the Fifth Division will be required to be at Eastport. It is ready to move now. If General Thomas can spare the time to-morrow or next day I should be pleased to have him review the Seventh Division at this place.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

OOLTEWAH, February 4, 1865.

Major MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just arrived. Found the sergeant and all his men asleep excepting eight, said to be on picket. Have notified Cleveland, and will picket the woods and wait for daylight.

C. H. GROSVENOR,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

MOUNT STERLING, KY., February 4, 1865.

Brigadier-General HOBSON:

Eleventh Michigan has six companies mounted out on road at Sharpsburg and beyond in detachments, with company at Flemingsburg or Poplar Plains. From report of Colonel Brown it will be very difficult for rebels to get through. Small squads of rebels reported in Middletown and Bethel yesterday morning. No news from Eleventh Michigan this morning.

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, MILITARY DIST. OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., February 4, 1865.

D. W. LINDSEY,

Inspector and Adjutant General, Kentucky:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 3rd instant, informing me of the success of the home guards of Woodford

