
they were evacuating Mobile and establishing a new line from Upper Peach Tree to Greenville. Large quantities of ordnance stores have been taken up the river. There is a force of 5,000 men twelve miles above Pollard and a large force at Selma. A tug is waiting to take this to Mobile. Sergeant Hollinger was captured on his return at A on the Perdido, but shot his guard and escaped.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. NEWTON,

Captain, Ninety-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 34. New Orleans, February 4, 1865.

* * * * * *

4. Brigadier General A. Asboth, having recovered from his wounds, will proceed to Barrances, Fla., and resume command of the District of West Florida, relieving Brigadier General T. J. McKean. Upon being so relieved Brigadier-General McKean will report in person at these headquarters for assignment.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

J. C. STONE,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

EASTPORT, MISS., February 5, 1865-3 p. m. (Received 1 p. m. March 2.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The first portion of the fleet of steamers to carry A. J. Smith's corps and the cavalry to New Orleans arrived yesterday p. m. The troops are embarking to-day and some of the division will get off to-morrow or next day, and I am of the opinion that all the infantry and also the 5,000 cavalry will be able to embark and leave Eastport by Wednesday evening, 8th instant. While I am awaiting the drying up of the roads sufficient to warrant a renewal of our operations I purpose going to Nashville to examine into the condition of affairs in Kentucky and throughout my department, with the design to regulate matters therein and get them in proper and complete working order.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

NOTE.-Above message delayed by messenger, who carried it by Johnsville and mailed at Paducah.

OPERATOR.

EASTPORT, MIS., February 5, 1865.

Major General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: I received your note by Captain Jones, signal corps, with the orders and papers.* During my pursuit of Hood I had planned a campaign against Montgomery and Selma, to be commenced as soon as the roads became passable, so that I might have a reasonable hope of

---------------

*See January 21, 1865, Vol. XLV, Part II, p. 621.

---------------

