
in readiness to embark for New Orleans. Lieutenant Colonel Mackay, chief quartermaster Army of the Cumberland, reports that the transportation is in readiness to receive them on board at this point. The major-general commanding directs that this division march at once to the north bank of the Tennessee River opposite to the Easport landing, where they will embark in the transports and proceed in accordance to-morrow morning, in order to report as early in the day as possible at the point mentioned in communication of yesterday. As it is desirable to get the Seventh Division off as soon as possible, the major-general commanding directs me to say that the regrets that he will not be able to review the division before they start.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY M. CIST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Grevelly Springs, Ala., February 5, 1865.

Colonel STEWART,Commanding Fifth Div., Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

COLONEL: You will move the dismounted of your division early on the morning of the 6th to the landing opposite Eastport, where they will be ferried across the river, and move into the camps lately occupied by the Sixteenth Corps. You will leave the mounted regiments of your command in their present camps until further orders.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Grevelly Springs, Ala., February 5, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE W. JACKSON,Commanding First Brigade, Seventh Division:

COLONEL: You will move your command as soon after daylight on the 6th as possible to the landing opposite Eastport for the purpose of embarking. The transports are in readiness to receive your troops.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

OLTEWAH, February 5, 1865.

Major S. B. MOVE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All is quiet. The panic last night was caused y a small party of stampeded Tennessee cavalry, who had been sent to recover the body of a murdered Union man. They reported seeing a squad of rebels at Blackburn's in the center of the triangle. They were badly frightened and could not tell much. I think the situation not very different from that when I left here, and my ideas of the proper movement to make unchanged. What shall I do?

C. H. GROSVENOR,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

