
section have become appalling indeed. Colonel Q. C. Shanks, who recruited the Seventeenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry at this place for McHenry, or, I perhaps ought to say, did more than all others in recruiting that regiment, and who recruited the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry and commanded it for a time, says that he will recruit a company and command the same by your permission for this county. Such is the confidence of the community here in the bravery and ability of Colonel Shanks that I have no doubt he could raise as many men in ten days as will be necessary to keep guerrillas clear of the country. Will you please address him on the subject. General, you plan as shadowed forth in your Frankfort speech will no doubt rid our State of guerrillas-the enemies of our country and the enemies of mankind and all that is civilized. The people in this section are now completely subjugated, and dare not speak their sentiments if they are for the policy of the Administration. We can and will carry this county for the Administration candidates for the various officers to be elected if we have the protection, and would have carried it for Lincoln last fall but for the guerrillas. Being a stranger to you I will refer you to Colonel Cicero Maxwell, Major J. B. Harrison, of the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, and the proceedings of the Unconditional Union Convention, held in Louisville last May, as I was one of the delegates chosen by this county to represent it in that convention; L. M. Dembetz and L. A. Cevill, of Louisville, with whom I have a slight acquaintance, and all truly loyal men who know me. The truly loyal men of this section all have their eyes turned toward General Burbridge, believing he will extricate us from our unhappy and dangerous position.

Very respectfully,

C. H. LAWTON.

General, I mark this "Private and confidential," because if the contents were known to have emanated from this place I would be suspected and my life would be the forfeit.

C. J. L.

In addition to references, as to myself, I will refer you to Judge James Stewart and Judge Jesse W. Kincheloe, with whom I presume you are acquainted.

[FEBRUARY 6, 1865.-For Halleck to Grant and Grant to Halleck, relative to the assignment of General Dix to command in Kentucky, see Vol. XLVI, Part II, p. 415.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Eastport, Miss., February 6, 1865-3 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Your telegram of 10 a. m. 4th instant is just received. Your first telegram (of January 26th) was so arranged in the transmission of it that I supposed Lieutenant-General Grant wished me to send five divisions of cavalry to General Canby, but learning afterward from General Allen, at Louisville, that it meant 5,000, I modified my original order, and am now sending but about 5,000, as intended by Lieutenant-

