
General Grant. The troops are embarking to-day, and will get off as rapidly as possible. I think all that are to go will get away by Wednesday evening, 8th instant.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., February 6, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

GENERAL: I wrote to you a few days ago and sent you a somewhat detailed report in regard to the political condition of Alabama, made partly from personal observation, or from the most reliable authorities. I would most respectfully suggest to you the propriety of extending your most excellent laws and regulations in regard to deserters (now applicable only to Tennessee and Kentucky) to that part of Alabama has always been and is at this time more loyal than the former States. Your provost-marshal, Captain Goodwin, of this city, is of the same opinion. A great many Alabamians are coming in under your order, but many do so under the idea that they will be allowed to remain within your lines in Alabama or Tennessee, and not sent north of the Ohio River. By permitting Alabama deserters to remain south of the Ohio River, under proper regulations and guarantees, the number of them would be greatly increased, and the rebel army still more depleted. Many of the prisoners you took in your campaign of Vicksburg were Alabamians. Since their exchange many have come into your lines who speak in the highest terms of your kindness and humanity. Several hundred of them are employed in various capacities on the lines of railroad toward Chattanooga, &amp;c., all of whom have proven themselves during the late rebel invasion in every way loyal and reliable. As various rumors have come in to circulation in regard to the intended submission of several rebel generals, I was under the necessity of publishing an apparent contradiction of the report, as a premature knowledge of it among the Confederates might ruin their plans altogether. The object is to draw out all the Alabama troops with their leaders, for which the prospect now is very favorable. To give you some idea of the reaction in that State I would mention to you the fact that Lieutenant W. Alexander, of Roddey's command, sent into your lines without parole or exchange a number of prisoners of some Pennsylvania cavalry regiment, probably the Fifteenth. This was done about six weeks ago, and several members of my family (as yet at Valhermoso Springs, Ala.) witnessed the act.

I remain, general, your very obedient servant,

J. H. GIERS.

(Care of General R. S. Granger, Decatur, Ala.)

EASTPORT, MISS., February 6, 1865.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Your division will return to Huntsville, and the leave of absence is granted you as you desire. A copy of the order has been sent you.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

