HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Eastport, Miss., February 6, 1865.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,Pulaski, Tenn.:

Your telegram of January 30 is just received. The major-general commanding directs me to say that he has no knowledge of any order from the War Department that will prevent the issue of horses to the cavalry, and further, that it is his intention to supply you with what horses you need, as soon as possible, taking your command in its proper order. As he is unable to give you authority to convene a military commission until he can examine the orders of the War Department, he directs me to say that you can have a commission called at once, for the trial of your bushwhackers, and composed of the officers of your command, by application to Major-General Rousseau, in whose district your division is serving.

ROBERT H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, February 6, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have just received the following report: The scout sent to look after Hood have returned and report Hood superseded by Taylor. Lee's and Stewart's corps gone to Augusta, Ga., and on their way to South Carolina. Forrest's force scattered along the railroad from Coringh to Columbus. One corps of Hood's army at Tupelo, supposed to be Cheatham's. About 1,000 of Hood's men at Columbus, as garrison at that place. Roddey and his command have been ordered to Tuscaloosa, but his men refuse to go. The soldiers of mountain counties belonging to Hood's army have nearly all deserted, and gone to their homes, and express a determination there to remain. Small garrison at Talladega and along the line of railroad to Selma. One hundred and fifty men at Coosa River railroad bridge. Railroad bridge well stockaded.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., February 6, 1865. (Received 8th.)

Major-General THOMAS,

Eastport, Miss.:

I have received a copy of instructions to you from General Grant per hands of Colonel Dent, aide-de-camp, who leaves here to-day for Eastport.* These instructions direct a cavalry movement under me, and also that I shall at once put myself in communication with you in regard to its organization. If you can furnish me with 2,000 good cavalry to report to me at Nashville, or better at Chattanooga, I can make up the remainder of the force required by General Grant from East Tennessee, and the force you loan me can be made up by the four regiments now at Lexington under General Burbridge. General Burbridge's return shows that he has in Kentucky 14,200 effective men under his com-

---------------

*See January 31, p. 616.

---------------

