HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Eastport, Miss., February 6, 1865-12.30 a. m. (Received 15th.)

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,New Orleans:

Your dispatch of 2 p. m. 28th of January is just received. Major General A. J. Smith's command, and about 5,000 cavalry, are now being embarked at this place, to report to you at New Orleans or wherever you may designate. This is by direction from Lieutenant-General Grant. I suppose that this force will make up the deficiency which you mention in this dispatch of the 28th ultimo, which you say you could make up by diminishing the garrisons along the river, and thereby give you a moveable column of 30,000 men. I can have a cavalry force at this place ready to threaten Corinth and the communications south of that place ready to threaten Corinth and the communications south of that place ready to threaten Coringh and the communications south of that place ready to threaten Coringh and the communications sough of that place any time, but it will be impossible to move from this quarters toward Selma with any hope of success during the winter, as the roads are impracticable. If you will inform me when you are to start, I will have a force move from this point on the communications south of Corinth at the same time.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

EASTPORT, MISS., February 7, 1865. (Received 7.10 p. m. 8th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your telegram of 10 a. m. 5th [4th] received. All the infantry of General Smith's command and the 5,000 cavalry with their transportation will have left Eastport to-day. A portion of the troops started yesterday. With regard to the other matter mentioned in your dispatch, I think as long as it is necessary that the troops along the Mississippi River should be under the orders of Major-General Canby it is better that they should be exclusively controlled by him.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 7, 1865-2.40 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Eastport:

The Secretary of War has promised to give General A. J. Smith an army corps as soon as he reaches General Canby, as he wishes the latter to designate the troops to form his command. General Canby is notified to form a corps for Smith.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Huntsville, Ala., February 7, 1865.

From reports and investigations in regard to the disgraceful depredations upon the inhabitants of this vicinity since the occupation of Huntsville by the Fourth Corps, it appears that many of the outrages have been perpetrated by teamsters and men not serving in the ranks. Brigade commanders can, and the general commanding has full faith

