
will, control the men of their commands and will keep them in camps. In order that teamsters shall be under strict watch division quartermasters, the quartermaster of the Artillery Brigade, the chief of the ambulance corps, and the commanding officer of the pontoon train or ambulances to a section, with a responsible man as wagon-master to each section, who will have a roll-call at reveille, noon, and tattoo, and report through the chief wagon-master to the quartermaster in charge daily. The quartermasters of divisions will report the result of these roll-calls every Monday morning at 10 o'clock to the division inspectors, who will forward the report to corps headquarters. The chief of the ambulance corps, the quartermaster of the Artillery Brigade, and the commander of the pontoon train will forward a similar report direct to the corps inspector.

By order of Major-General Stanley:

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIFTH TENNESSEE CAVALRY VOLUNTEERS, Fayetteville, Tenn., February 7, 1865.

Captain E. T. WELLS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report, in compliance with request, that I have met with very good success in killing bushwhackers. Captain Childs had thirteen men mounted when I came here. He now has only four mounted. I have killed 4 of his worst men, and wounded 2 or 3 more, and captured 9 horses and horse equipments. I have also killed 5 of Mead's men who are considered the most reckless and daring in the country. Colonel Mead with the principal portion of his command is at present on the other side of the Tennessee River and is not expected to return for two or three weeks. I obtained this information from Captain Joel Cunningham and his brother, of Mead's command, who surrendered to me since I came here. I gave the surrender the appearance of a capture and wish it so understood for the present. They have already furnished me valuable information and are aiding me otherwise to clear the country of robbers and thieves. Captain Joel Cunningham will surrender to me from twenty to twenty-five of his men for whose good conduct he is willing to vouch, but before th surrender is made he will take his men and kill a Texas Ranger by the name of Root and all of his men, ten in number. Three of the most reliable citizens of Lincoln County have pledged their lives and property for the faithful performance of Cunningham's port of the contract, as they consider him reliable when his word is once staked. I think if I can only have sufficient time to put my plans into execution I can clear the country about here of bushwhackers and robbers. There was a meeting of the citizens of Lincoln County at this place yesterday for the purpose of taking steps to retire civil government, which was largely attended, and from the great interest manifested in the matter, I think they are sincerely in earnest this time in wishing for the restoration of the civil laws, and I have no doubt but that they will succeed if my command or some other one can be retained here to give them a feeling of security in the free expression of their feelings.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. CLIFT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fifth Tennessee Cavalry.

