
EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, February 7, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel GLENN,

Commanding Post at Henderson, Ky.:

Complaint is made to me that you are forcing negroes into the military service, and even torturing them-riding them on rails, and the like-to extort their consent. I hope this may be a mistake. The like must not be done by you or any one under you. You must not force negroes any more than white men. Answer me on this.

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG, Vicksburg, Miss., February 7, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: A reputable and intelligent lady, who left here by my permission about three weeks ago to visit a daughter in Mobile, returned yesterday. She reports that she left Mobile one week ago to-day. She says that large numbers of trains were met by her on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad loaded with soldiers from Hood's army, who were going to Mobile. The upward bound train upon which she came to Meridian was delayed for two days at different points on the road by reason of the trains loaded with soldiers bound down. She confirms the report about large numbers of soldiers being furloughed. My informant is a lady in whom General McPherson had great confidence, and I think her information is correct. She does not think that Hood's army is so badly broken up as some have represented. I inclose a Mobile paper of the 28th ultimo.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 8, 1865-9.30 p. m. (Received 10.20 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I think it will be well to give A. J. Smith's command a corps organization. I would suggest for it the Twelfth or Twenty-sixth, as you think best.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

STEAMER LADY PIKE, Johnsonville, February 8, 1865.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you will order such officers and enlisted men of your corps as have captured rebel flags from the enemy in the recent battles at Franklin and near Nashville to report to department headquarters at Nashville on the 12th instant. They will take with them the flags and be accompanied with a full history of

