
require such assistance, causing a separate account to be kept by the proper staff officers of all such issues, in order that the expense may be distinguished from other war expenditures. Large numbers of refugees from territory held by the rebels are reported as coming within your department in very distressed and necessitous circumstances. To this class of persons you will also be authorized to furnish adequate supplies, under similar regulations as above expressed, as well as transportation, to enable them to go into the Northern States, where they may find homes and employment for their support. A strict accountability on the part of all officers engaged in these duties should be enforced and a proper system of accounts required.

Third. The State of Kentucky is reported to be infested with bands of guerrilla parties, consisting of rebels, who have been some time or other in the military force of the rebellion, and of their sympathizers at ferment portions of the State, plundering and murdering peaceable citizens who are obnoxious to them. All such persons are to be treated as enemies of the human race, and no effort spared to root out and destroy them in the most prompt and effectual manner. You will deal with them i in such way as in your judgment will be most effective for the accomplishment of that purpose.

Fourth. To the persons and property of all loyal persons you will afford the protection of your military power. The force in your department should be diligently and constantly employed and kept in a state of action for the repression of disorders and the restoration of peace and security within your command.

Fifth. By order of the President, the State of Kentucky is under martial law, which supersedes all other laws and regulations that may come in conflict with the necessities of the Government, the maintenance of peace, and the protection of persons and property. One species of oppression is reported as practiced in Kentucky which requires prompt redress. This is the imprisonment of colored persons in county jails, and of officers and persons who are engaged, under proper authority, in the enlistment of colored troops. Such proceedings are, in the opinion of the President and the Judge-Advocate-General, mere devices for the purpose of resisting and opposing the Government and oppressing its loyal supporters. You will make diligent inquiry for all such cases, ascertain who are thus imprisoned and oppressed, and release them, if need be, by military force.

Sixth. Application has been made to the President by the legislative and executive authorities of Kentucky for permission to raise a force to be employed within the limits of the State. Such enlistments are prohibited by law. If it should be found that the military force in your department, when properly organized, disciplined, and employed, is not adequate for the protection of the State from invasion, and from domestic insurrection and violence, you will report the fact to this Department, in order that troops may be raised in accordance with law, under the authority of the General Government, or sent from other quarters, where their presence may not be required.

Seventh. It is the anxious desire of the President that there should be harmony of action and sentiment between the Federal and State authorities. It will, therefore, be your duty to cultivate a friendly and harmonious spirit between them, to confer with Governor Bramlette and the State authorities, solicit their co-operation, and so administer your department as to give no just occasion for offense, holding in view

