HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY, Lexington, Ky., February 8, 1865.

Major JOHN CLOWNEY,Thirtieth Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers:

MAJOR: You will select an eligible site for your camp in the immediate vicinity of Frankfort. Keep yourself well informed in regard to the movements of guerrillas and send detachments in pursuit of any you may hear of in the neighborhood, taking no prisoners. The State arsenal being located at Frankfort and an important railroad bridge spanning the river at that place, render it probable that some of these thieving bands of marauders may attempt their destruction. You will pay particular attention to these points, also to the fortifications and their armament. Quartermaster stores you will draw form Captain T. D. Fitch, assistant quartermaster, and commissary stores from Captain R. M. Collins, commissary of subsistence, Lexington. All troops, whether of the national or State forces, at Frankfort are subject to your orders. In addition to the reports required at your regimental headquarters you will report to Brigadier General E. H. Hobson, commanding First Division, headquarters at Lexington, and in future be subject to his orders.

By command of Brevet Major-General Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY, Lexington, Ky., February 8, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. SIDELL,Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General, Louisville, Ky.:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge receipt of your communication of 7th instant, regarding the brutal murder of Deputy Provost-Marshal A. V. Carlisle, and the protection of officers of your bureau in the performance of their duties. He directs me to say that it is his plan to send a sufficient force to each county to aid the provost-marshals in not only the performance of their ordinary duties, but also in hunting out the guerrillas. Also that he will cause retaliation to be made for the murder of Depty Provost-Marshal Carlisle, and so soon as equipments, arms, and horses can be procured, will be prepared to aid you in enforcing the coming draft.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEBANON, KY., February 8, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I sent out train of five post teams and four of the Thirtieth's wagons this morning. They have been captured by a band of about forty guerrillas, but one man of the guards has escaped and brought us word. Major Mahoney is mounting men of Invalid Corps and starts in pursuit. He has sent for Captain Searcy's company at Springfield.

GEO. G. LOTT,

Captain.

43 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

