
LEXINGTON, KY., February 8, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Dandville:

Guerrillas left New Market; gone in direction of Bradfordsville. They are being pursued. Move out and meet them. Citizens can arm themselves and defend the town during your absence.

By order of Brigadier-General Hobson:

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DANVILLE, KY., February 8, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

We have arranged with Captain Bridgewater to move to Hunstonville to-night, and promptly notify us if the guerrillas are moving in that direction. Meanwhile the squad here has scouts well out on the Lebanon and Perryville pikes, who will notify us if they are moving in this direction, in which case Captain Bridgewater will join us and we will then fight. Captain Bridgewater is now starting from Stanford with this understanding. Will you approve?

W. L. GROSS,

Captain and Assistant Superintendent.

LEXINGTON, KY., February 8, 1865-9 p. m.

Captain W. L. GROSS,

Danville, Ky.:

The movement of Captain Bridgewater is approved. Major Mahoney had desperate fight with guerrillas at Bradfordsville to-day. The rebels went toward Hustonville. Captain Bridgewater to keep after them, but not to run into Major Mahoney. The general wants every effort made to catch them.

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEBANON, KY., February 8, 1865.

Brigadier-General HOBSON:

A representation from Springfield is here. The soldiers are ordered away from there this morning. They have a block-house, and the guerrillas are very much exasperated against the town. Were in half a mile of them last night, thirty-six strong. Will certainly burn the town if left unprotected. Can not your order Captain Searcy, of the Thirtieth, or others to return? Answer immediately.

WM. M. SPENCER.

LEBANON, KY., February 8, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.:

Fifty men, said to be Quantrill's, at Saint Mary's Station, 10 o'clock, passing toward Campbellsville or to the right of there. No mounted men here.

MAHONEY,

Major.

