HDQRS. DETACHMENT ARMY OF THEY TENNESSEE, On Steamer Brilliant, Paducah, Ky., February 8, 1865.

Brigadier General S. MEREDITH,Commanding District of Western Kentucky:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires me to say that as his command is now ordered beyond the Department of the Cumberland, and that a request has been made to Major-General Thomas, and granted, that all men on detached service in your command, belonging to the various regiments in this corps, be relieved and ordered to their respective companies, Brigadier General k. Garrard, commanding Second Division of the Detachment Army of the Tennessee, will arrive here to-morrow, bringing the order from General Thomas relieving the men, and the general further expresses the wish that you will issue orders relieving the men in advance of the order from General Thomas, in order that the men may join their regiments, when the remainder of the command under General Garrard arrives.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY, Memphis, February 8, 1865.

Captain ELLIOTT:

I have the honor to submit the following report: Agreeable to previous orders, I reported at the picket-post on the Pigeon Roost road, February 7, at sunrise, and proceeded to patrol the road as far as the Nonconnah, which I reached at 9.30 a. m. I crossed my advance, but the bridge partially gave way, and not deeming it safe to cross upon, I recalled my advance and returned to the picket-post, without seeing any of the enemy. At 2 p. m. I again proceeded to visit the river, where I ascertained that two Confederate soldiers had crossed to this side and recrossed to the opposite side. I learned that Colonel Cox was out about eighteen miles, moving toward Tupelo. Colonel Forrest was reported on Cold Water burning cotton. I saw no enemy throughout the day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAMES G. HULL,

First Lieutenant, Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Patrol.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Paducah, Ky., February 9, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding U. S. Army, City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: I have just received your letter of the 31st of January at the hands of Colonel Dent, and will proceed at once to organize the force for the expedition under General Stoneman, and get it off with as little delay as possible. Colonel Merrill's regiment of cavalry was ordered to report to me last fall, but only a portion has yet arrived from Saint Louis. If I could get that regiment at once I would add it to Stoneman's force. It is in a fine state of discipline and would be valuable to Stoneman as an aid to prevent straggling.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

