
surprise a special detachment of the enemy, and the utmost vigilance should be exercised. Please forward the tri-monthly reports and the monthly returns for your command at the earliest moment.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, Tenn., February 9, 1865-10 a. m.

Major General J. B. STEEDMAN,Chattanooga:

Your telegram of 10 a. m. 7th instant has been received. The major-general commanding directs me to say that the repairing of the railroad between Atlanta and the Etowah will save our army the necessity of doing so at a future time, and that it is better to leave them finish the work, waiting until it is completed before driving them away, which will very probably be done in due time. The major-general commanding expects to be in Chattanooga in a few days, when he will talk this matter over with you, as well as other items of moment.

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Huntsville, Ala., February 9, 1865.

Major General J. B. STEEDMAN,Commanding District of the Etowah:

I send you the inclosed complaints* and petitions* of some unfortunates on the river. Their case has some merit in it. They are poor people, and, like that class generally, are loyal. It is unfortunate that the command in pursuit of Lyon, which I am told was General Cruft's, left these small farms no receipts. I do not see that the matter can be helped now, but I am told you have the authority over the gun-boats, and certainly they should be instructed to protect rather than distress these people. I believe their statement that they have no connection with guerrillas. I suppose the taking of rails for fuel for the boats is sometimes a necessity, but the big plantations should be stripped before the small lots of this humble class of persons. Please answer me if you can do anything in their case so far as the boats are concerned.

Your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Paducah, Ky., February 9, 1865-10 a. m.

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN,Louisville, Ky.:

Lieutenant-General Grant's instructions+ to me do not contemplate that you should take more than 3,000 cavalry on the proposed expedition. As you report 1,993 effective men I will add a sufficient number

---------------

*Not found as inclosures.

+See Grant to Thomas, January 31, p. 616.

---------------

