
LEXINGTON, KY., February 9, 1865.

Adjutant-General LINDSEY,

Frankfort, Ky.:

Bridgewater smashed up the guerrillas at Hustonville at 2 o'clock this morning. Killed 4, captured 35 horses, and scattered rest in the woods barefooted.

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DANVILLE, KY., February 9, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have just received Captain Bridgewater's report. He came up with the guerrillas on the Little South Fork, west of Hustonville, this morning at 2 o'clock; killed 4 of them and captured 35 of their horses and equipments, and ran thirty or thirty-five of their men into the woods, most of whom were barefooted. They went in the direction of Parksville or Haysville. Only six seven of them got away mounted. Captain Clarke escaped barefooted. The squad form here have been notified, and are scouting the country south of Parksville. I have also notified Major Mahoney.

W. L. GROSS,

Captain and Assistant Superintendent.

LEXINGTON, February 9, 1865.

Captain W. L. GROSS,

Danville, Ky.:

Happy to received your report of Bridgewater's success. Tell the captain he has thanks of General Hobson and authorities here. Tell the commanding officer at Danville he is expected to find the guerrillas who escaped, and to hunt them close.

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIST. OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 38. Lexington, Ky., February 9, 1865.

* * * * *

II. Colonel Thomas B. Fairleigh, Twenty-sixth Kentucky Veteran Volunteer Infantry, is at his own request relieved from duty as post commandant at Louisville, Ky., and will join his regiment in the Twenty-third Corps. The commanding general of the Second Division will assign a competent officer to the command of the post of Louisville. In parting with Colonel Fairleigh the commanding general desires to thank him for the signal ability with which for the past eight months he has conducted the arduous and responsible duties of his command.

By command of Bvt. Major General S. B. Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

