
Second. I would request orders for the consolidation of the six companies of the First Florida Cavalry, stationed at Barrancas, and the four companies of the Second Florida Cavalry, stationed in the District of Key West, with Colonel Eugene von Kielmansegge, as commander, who was commissioned as colonel and mustered as major nd lieutenant-colonel in the First Florida Cavalry. Third. I would request for orders directing, in the event of the occupation of the city of Pensacola, Captain E. H. Newton, acting engineer, at Barrancas, to go with one assistant to that city to direct the works of fortification; also orders authorizing the construction of a telegraph line between Pensacola, the navy yard, and Barrancas, and the reconstruction of two of the old wharves at Pensacola. Fourth i would request for two small steamers adapted to enter Santa Rosa Sound and the tributaries of Pensacola Bay. Fifth. I would request orders for the reopening of a regular steamship line for the conveyance of mails and passengers between New Orleans and Pensacola, Fla., touching both going and coming at Fort Pike, Ship Island, and Mobile Bay. The steamer Alabama, Clyde, or General Banks would answer. Sixth. I would request for orders to supply the command at Barrancas with 100 head of cattle for immediate issue until more beef can be brought form the interior of Florida, as I am informed that there has been but very little fresh beef at Barrancas for the last two months. Seventh. I would request for instructions regarding the people of Warrington and Woolsey on the navy reserve. I claimed and maintained when in command jurisdiction over them as a military necessity, but, if well informed, my successors have ceased to interfere, which would certainly make it impossible for the district commander to properly control military and civil affairs. To gain time (so important just now), I have taken the liberty of addressing this my application direct to department headquarters and would request the commanding general's pardon thereof.

Very respectfully, captain, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, RESERVE CORPS, Numbers 2. Dauphin Island, Ala., February 10, 1865.

Captain O. Ingersoll, A Company, Eleventh Illinois Infantry, is hereby announced as acting assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters. He will be respected and obeyed accordingly.

By order of

JAMES H. COATES,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

MOBILE BAY, Friday Evening, [February 10, 1865].

[General E. R. S. CANBY:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: I send you the latest news from above. It is said one division of Hood's army is to remain in Mobile. The Peace Congress have returned, having accomplished nothing. They now are determined, according to the old story, to die in the last ditch. Our monitors will be all ready by the middle of next week, and I hope by that time to have three tin-clads ready also. General Granger went over to Pensacola to-day.

Yours, in haste,

J. S. PALMER.

