HDQRS. DISTRICT OF KEY WEST AND TORTUGAS,March 21, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following recommendations for gallant and distinguished services:

Colonel B. R. Townsend, Second U. S. Colored Infantry. Gallantry in action 5th and 6th of March. Wounded, but refused to quit the field until the fight was over. Recommended for a war medal.

Major Benjamin C. Lincoln, Second U. S. Colored Infantry. Gallant and distinguished conduct in action February 9, March 5 and 6. Mortally wounded; died March 9. Recommended to receive brevets of lieutenant-colonel and colonel.

Captain E. B. Tracy, Second U. S. Colored Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general, but took command of his company during the whole expedition; highly distinguished for courage and conduct; severely wounded. Recommended to receive brevet of major.

First Lieutenant C. Seymour, Second U. S. Colored Infantry. In command of artillery on the 5th and 6th. Severely wounded. Highly distinguished for courage and conduct. Recommended to receive brevet of captain.

Second Lieutenant Thomas H. Murphy, Second U. S. Colored Infantry. Succeeded Lieutenant Seymour in command of artillery. Highly distinguished for courage and conduct. Mortally wounded; died March 12. Recommended to receive brevet of captain.

Lieutenant Colonel Uri B. Pearsall, Ninety-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry. Distinguished for activity and gallantry in the action of the 6th. Wounded, but retained command of his regiment. Recommended for brevet of colonel.

Captain Frank D. Harding and Captain Edward S. Rigney, Ninety-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry. Distinguished gallantry and good conduct in the engagement of the 6th. Recommended for brevet of major.

Major E. C. Weeks, Second Florida Cavalry. For gallant and distinguished conduct February 9 and March 4, 5, and 6, and for general conduct. Recommended for brevet of lieutenant-colonel.

Captain James Doyle, One hundred and tenth New York Volunteers. For efficient conduct while in command of Fort Myers and for skill and ability displayed in repelling attack of the enemy February 20. Recommended for brevet of major.

Second Lieutenant E. Carrington, One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers, aide-de-camp. Mortally wounded on 6th; died on 6th of March. Highly distinguished for courage and conduct and for general efficiency. Recommended for brevet of captain.

Captain C. H. Willett, Second U. S. Colored Infantry. Recommended for brevet of major.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN NEWTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 2. Major Edmund C. Weeks, Second Florida Cavalry (Union).
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Cedar Keys, Fla., March 9, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding that all the forces under my command (with the exception

