
sible. Your command is committing depredations daily, and he desires you to be located near it, in order that you may exercise a more direct control over the troops of your command.

I am, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Gravelly Springs, Ala., February 11, 1865.

In pursuance of orders received from corps headquarters the First Ohio Cavalry are transferred from Second Division of Cavalry to the Fourth Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi. All officers and enlisted men of this regiment on any detached duty are hereby relieved, and will report without delay to commanding officer of this regiment.

By command of Brigadier General Eli Long:

T. W. SCOTT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Eastport, Miss., February 11, 1865.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that a woman reports here that parties of Forrest's men are nightly at her house and have been for some time. The officers who collect there have discussed the question of an attack upon this place and the plan proposed. One is to poland a battery on the bluff or hills above Chickasaw, a point which you will doubtless remember as commanding the steam-boat landing and the flat between our camp-ground and the river, cross his force, which they claim is stronger than our own, and by attacking the boats prevent any re-enforcement reaching us. In corroboration of this woman's statement Captain Hosea requests me to say to you from him that he saw as he came down an officer and several men in the ground proposed to be occupied by the rebel battery. He says the party rode down toward the river and watched the boat as it passed. I sent three companies, guided by men well acquainted with the country and highly recommended by Major-General Thomas as reliable, this morning on a scout to the country. This party has not yet returned. I would most respectfully suggest that a gun-boat be stationed in the vicinity of Chickasaw to watch movements. I shall send two well-mounted companies to watch the movements of the enemy there to-night and increase the vigilance as well a strengthen the outposts. If anything occurs I will send you instant word.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. STEWART,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

