HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Eastport, Miss., February 11, 1865.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Mil. div. of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the scouting party sent out to-day has just returned, having proceeded as far as Iuka. The officer in charge reports having seen but about thirty rebels on the route, some six of whom were at Iuka. At the latter place a telegraph operator who until lately, on the retreat of Hood, had been operating at Iuka. From him I gained but little information, and that of not sufficient importance to warrant me in forwarding him with the necessary guard to-night. I shall have the honor of sending him forward to-morrow morning. I have sent two companies to Chickasaw to-night, and as soon as they return will report what they saw and heard. Day before yesterday two of my citizen scouts were missing after a slight skirmish. I have learned to-day that they were murdered by the band of Major George. One of the men afterward escaped, who was then a prisoner in George's hands, and reached here to-day. The party to-day were fired upon once, but no one was injured. I have established a courier post on this side of the river to expedite the transmission of dispatches. The flag of truce will start out at daylight to-morrow morning.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. STEWART,

Colonel, Commanding Division.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 14. Eastport, Miss., February 11, 1865.

I. The Third Battalion of the Twelfth Missouri Cavalry, commanded by Major J. M. Hubbard, is hereby detailed for duty as pontoniers. They will take charge of the pontoon train belonging to the Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, and will receive professional instructions from Major James R. Willett, First U. S. Veteran Volunteer Engineers, of the staff of Major-General Thomas. Major Hubbard will report with his men at once, with camp and garrison equipage, arms and rations, to Major Willett.

II. Major Henry C. Forbes, commanding Seventh Illinois Cavalry, is hereby, at his own earnest request, relieved from duty as chief of staff Fifth Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi. The colonel commanding division parts with regret and tenders him his thanks for the efficient and prompt service rendered the division before and after his assuming command of the same.

By order of Colonel R. R. Stewart:

R. B. AVERY,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECATUR, February 11, 1865-11 a. m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE:

I request that I may be permitted to administer the oath to such deserters from the rebel army in this vicinity as I believe are thoroughly converted, taking ample security for their good faith, and requiring

