
VERSAILLES, KY., February 11, 1865. (Received 10 p. m. 13th.)

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Your enemies here are jubilant and your friends are despondent over the rumored removal of General Burbridge. With him as commander we will quietly and peacefully eradicate slavery from the State. His removal will decide and embitter our party to such an extent as to inevitably secure our defeat at the next August election. Concessions have been made by some in high authority which will not be adhered to after the attainment of certain objects. Give us Burbridge, and we will give you emancipation and loyalty. I address you thus as a true friend of our common cause and a friend and colleague of R. S. Todd in the Legislature.

D. L. PRICE.
HDQRS. FIRST DIV. MILITARY DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY, Lexington, Ky., February 11, 1865.

Major JOHN CLOWNEY,Commanding Battalion thirtieth Wisconsin Infty., Frankfort, Ky.:

The general directs that you place your command on duty in the city of Frankfort, Ky., and relieve such State troops as General D. W. Lindsey, adjutant and inspector general, may desire to have relieved, and that you confer with General Lindsey in such matters as may involve the troops or building under his command. It is especially directed that there be no conflict between the Federal troops and the State troops and the State authorities, and that you use your best judgment and discretion to secure this end.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, February 11, 1865-3 p. m.

Major JOHN CLOWNEY,

Commanding, Frankfort, Ky.:

Send courier to Lawrenceburg and notify commanding officer that 200 guerrillas are reported at Alexander's, near Midway, and to hold in readiness to hunt them if he hears of their whereabouts. They are reported going to Versailles. Tell him he will have assistance from three detachments.

By order of Brigadier General E. H. Hobson:

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DANVILLE, KY., February 11, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Scouting party just returned. They captured another of Clarke's men, but in bringing him in this morning he attempted to escape, and was shot dead on the spot. Will send the three we now have under guard to your headquarters.

W. L. GROSS,

Captain and Assistant Superintendent Military Telegraph.

