
side bridge, the term of service of the regiment having expired. The officer in command of the detail relieving them will receipt for the property belonging to the block-house essential to keeping them in repair.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MOE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIDGEPORT, February 12, 1865.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Reliable information is obtained that rebel General Clanton's bridge is moving from Lebanon up the river, south from Sand Mountain. His force said to be 600 guerrillas. I suppose that this movement is caused by my last raid, and that their intention is to cut off my retreat.

FELIX PR. SALM,

Colonel, Commanding.

[FEBRUARY 12, 1865.-For Halleck to Canby, relating to reorganization of military departments, &amp;c., see Vol. XLVIII, Part I, p. 822.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Memphis, Tenn., February 12, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

My scouts report that corn and other supplies are being gathered in Mississippi and Alabama, and are being transported via Mobile and Ohio Road from Columbus and thereabouts south to Mobile, and thence toward the rebel armies in Georgia and Carolina.

Respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 13, 1865-2.30 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Eastport:

The Secretary of War directs that you send a proper officer to relieve Brigadier General S. Meredith, in command of the District of Paducah. The State of Kentucky has been made a separate department under Major-General Palmer. All of Tennessee is included in the Department of the Cumberland. General Dana's department is restricted to the State of Mississippi. You still have general military control over Department of Kentucky during General Sherman's absence. Copy of printed orders sent by mail. Canby still empowered to use troops on east bank of the Mississippi River, in case of emergency, for its protection, but this is not to interfere with department commands.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

