
regiment would have to sent instead. Are you aware, general, that the Sixth Tennessee Cavalry has been transferred to the Sixth Division? General Johnson sent me a copy of the order some three weeks ago, and I obeyed it, although I never was furnished with a copy from your headquarters. Was it not in view still retaining the Sixth Tennessee Cavalry that you requested one of the Indiana regiments to remain? I have just learned that 400 horses intended for the Fourth Division are now here on barges. I have persuaded Lieutenant Noves to issue an order on the quartermaster to deliver them to me. I trust this will be satisfactory. I shall still want 400 horses and 300 mules, which please furnish at your earliest possible convenience.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. F. KNIPE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

NASHVILLE, TENN., February 13, 1865.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,

Pulaski:

The One hundred and seventy-third Ohio will leave here for Columbia by rail this afternoon.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF MURFREESBOROUGH,Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 13, 1865.

Major B. H. POLK,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Tennessee, Nashville, Tenn.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that a soldier of the One hundred and fifteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, while patrolling the railroad between La Vargne and, Antisoch, was killed and robbed by bushwhackers on the 10th instant. Suspicions rest on a man who has been marauding in that vicinity for the past year named Butler, and many efforts have been made to arrest him. One hundred cavalry, well mounted, under efficient officers, and good discipline, not Tennesseeans, much needed to aid me in ridding this region of marauding bands that infest the country, and that have increased in numbers since Hood's invasion. IU have about fifty mounted infantry, but they cannot perform the duty required. They are doing good service, but their horses, taken from the quartermaster's corral of broken down and convalescent animals, are not reliable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES NASHVILLE AND CHATTANOOGA RAILROAD, 32. Tullahoma, February 13, 1865.

I. In consequence of the weakness of the garrison at Tullahoma, the following change is hereby made in the block-house garrison on the

45 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

