
Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad between Duck and Elk Rivers, viz: The Forty-third Regiment Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry will garrison block-houses Nos. 14 and 15 (first two north of Tullahoma) as follows: At 14, one commissioned officer and fifteen men; at 15, a trusty sergeant and ten men. The same regiment will garrison block-house 16 (first south of Tullahoma) with one commissioned officer and fifteen men. This order will be executed immediately.

II. The garrisons of block-house Nos. 14, 15, and 16 (from the Forty-second Missouri Volunteer Infantry) will join their regiment at Tullahoma as soon as relieved by the Forty-third Regiment Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry.

III. Lieutenant Colonel T. J. Stauber, of the Forty-second Regiment Missouri Volunteer Infantry will take a detachment of his own regiment a detachment of the Forty-third Regiment Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, and Spark's home guards, and proceed to Lincoln Country, Tenn., on a scout of ten or fifteen days' duration. he will make it a specialty to exterminate guerrillas, their aiders and abettors. He will also exert his influence to induce the inhabitants to organize home guards and parties for the purpose of expelling guerrillas, robbers, and thieves from said country, Lieutenant-Colonel Stauber will call upon Lieutenant Colonel W. J. Clift, of the Fifth Tennessee Cavalry, for such help as he may desire and for such number of men as he deems proper.

IV. Lieutenant Colonel W. J. Clift, of the Fifth Regiment Tennessee Volunteer Cavalry, will co-operate with Lieutenant-Colonel Stauber, of the Forty-second Regiment Missouri Volunteer infantry, in exterminating the guerrillas, their aiders and abettors, from Lincoln Country, Tenn. Lieutenant-Colonel Crilt will also furnish Lieutenant-Colonel Stauber men in such number and at such times and places as he may request.

By command of Major-General Milroy:

J O. CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TULLAHOMA, February 13, 1865.

Colonel W. KRYZANOWSKI,

Stevenson:

Order 125 men of the Forty-third Wisconsin, properly officered, to report at this post by first train, with arms,, blankers, and haversack, for a ten days' scout. As far as practicable send entire companies. They will draw rations at this post.

By order of Major-General Milroy:

J O. CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, February 13, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

Your telegram of this date received.* I have telegraphed you three times, february 6, 10 and 11, upon the subject. There must be some thing wrong somewhere. Major Chambliss, whom I have just seen, says he has given you the information you desire. I leave for Nashville in the morning to confer with you in person.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

