
ELIZABETHTOWN, KY., February 13, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

In compliance with orders from Major-General Thomas and in accordance with instructions from the lieutenant-general the Twelfth Cavalry has been assigned to the command of Major-General Stoneman, and I an ordered to report to Louisville immediately by order of Major-General Stoneman. Please let me hear you at once.

Respectfully,

J. B. HARRISON,

Major, Commanding.

ELIZABETHTOWNS, February 13, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have sent 100 men from this place, 75 from Glasgow, and from Shepherdsville to scout through the counties of Grayson, Breckinridge, and Wade, as those are the only counties that guerrillas are reported in. Will be gone five or six days. Will report on return.

J. B. HARRISON,

Major, Commanding Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, February 13, 1865.

Brigadier General A. ASBOTH,

New Orleans, La.:

In reply to your letter of the 10th instant the major-general commanding the department directs me to say that concerning the consolidation of the Eighty-second and Eighty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry he approves the measure, but upon issuing the order has referred it to Major General Gordon Granger, commanding the District of West Florida and South Alabama, for his sanction. The consolidation of the First and Second Florida Cavalry is at this time impracticable. It could not be well done without moving one to where the other was. Both are at present needed in their present location. The furthest consideration of this subject is postponed until developments make it more advisable. The preparations now going on in reference to the movement of troops, together with orders recently published concerning the District of West Florida and South Alabama, make it impossible at this time to give the required authorization for fortifying Barrancas or building the proposed telegraphic line between Pansacola, the navy-yard, and Barrancas, or the reconstruction of the wharves at Pensacola. These works all depend upon the occupation of Pensacola and the future pending movements before referred to, and must await their commencement. No suitable steamers are now in the hands of the quartermaster. All available transportation is in urgent demand. Your application, therefore, cannot be favorably considered. The same reasons will prevent the establishment of a line of steamers between New Orleans and Pensacola. It will, however, be done as soon as the present emergency has passed. Your application for orders to supply your command at barrancas with 100 head of cattle for immediate issue has been referred to Colonel E. G. Beckwith, chief commissary. His action in the case will be

