
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, 39. Nashville, February 14, 1865.

* * * *

VII. Major General George Stoneman, U. S. Volunteers, in hereby assigned to the command of District of East Tennessee, and will establish his headquarters at knoxville, Tenn.

* * * *

IX. IUn accordance with instructions received from Lieutenant-General Grant, the Eleventh Michigan Volunteers, Twelfth Ohio Volunteers and the Eleventh and Twelfth Kentucky Volunteers, now serving in the military District of Kentucky, are hereby assigned to the command of Major-General Stonemas, and will report to him at Louisville for orders.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Nashville, february 14, 1865-8 p. m.

General WILSON,.

Commanding Cavalry, Military Division of the Mississippi:

The following telegram just received from General Grant is sent you for your information.* I have informed him that I can send 10,000 men, or two division. I wish you to have them prepared for a prompt move on the receipt of further orders from the lieutenant-general.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Gravelly Springs, Ala., February 14, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The flag of truce I sent out with reply to the communications of General Forrest has returned, having reached Burnsville. Captains Metcalf and Hosea, of my staff, met at that place Colonel Galloway and had a very pleasant interview with him. He says General Forrest knew nothing of the arrangement General Thomas had made with the people in regard to the railroads, and will be glad to give the same kind of permission, excluding soldiers and contrabands from the trains. The matter in which General Forrest seems to be moist interested is the condition of Federal prisoners now in Mississippi and Alabama. Colonel Galloway says there are in all about 7,000 those take n by Forrest's command, about 1,600, having been turned over by him to the infantry and subsequently treated very badly. General Forrest is represented to be very indignant at this. Says many of the men are nearly naked and all badly in want of clothing, and that he will designate a staff officer and pledge himself for his good

---------------

* See Grant to Thomas, 1 p. m., p. 708.

---------------

