HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Gravelly Springs, Ala., February 14, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: i inclose herewith a report showing the number of horses required to mount all the meant of the four division now here. The First Division requires 1,000, but 500 of this number will be supplied from recuperation of horses now on hand. The other 500 are for men now daily expected to arrive, recruits, convalescents, &amp;c. The Second Division requires 720 for men who have joined since the command left Louisville. Horses sufficient for the Fourth Division have just arrived in charge of Winslow's brigade, so that 500 horses will actually supply all deficiencies. be good enough to lay this before the major-general commanding, and ask him to solicit the attention of General Halleck to the necessity of furnishing the horses at once. With one thorough remount and an ordinarily successful campaign, I think I can keep the corps mount without cost to the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

Number of horses required to mount the available man in the commands, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, February 9, 1865.

Command.	 Number.	 Remarks.

First	 1,000	 500 recuperation horses will be

Division.	 	 serviceable in four weeks time if

 	 the command does not move.

Second	 720

Division.

Fourth	 445

Division.

Fifth	 3,728	 Hatch's division dismounted to mount

Division.	 	 Knipe's, sent to Military Division

 	 of West Mississippi.

Total.	 5,893

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, February 14, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following reported from Mitchell just received via Pearl River:

Mobile is to be defended to the last. Cotton and naval stores to be burned in case of danger. One division (believed to be Bate's) has arrival at Blakely from Tupelo. If an attack is made on that side two division more divisions will be sent to Twenty-one-Mile Bluff, on Alabama River. Forrest has assumed command of department. Wheeler's cavalry is ordered from South Carolina to report to General Forrest. The railroad to be kept up in good order from Tupelo to Mobile. P. H. Stewart sent to Mobile by me is reported under trial a spy. It is believed that a list of passes granted here is transmitted to the other side. (This will be sent, too.) Two woman recently from this place are under arrest in Mobile as spies.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.

