HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, RESERVE CORPS, &amp;C.,Barrancas, Fla., February 14, 1865.

Major General R. R. CANBY,

New Orleans:

DEAR GENERAL: On Sunday I send you notes of an examination of three deserters from the Sixth Alabama Cavalry, stationed at Canoe Station. The same evening I examined two colored men who had just come in from Montgomery. They formerly lived at New Orleans, but soon after the war commenced were taken by their mistress to Sparta, where they have lived for the past three years and till within a few weeks, when they were sent to Montgomery to work on fortifications. They say there are about 200 colored men making fortification on the north side on Montgomery, and think there are about 4,000 infantry there, and do not know but there are more. They thought they noticed two gun-boats on the river at that place. They made their escape and came down via Brooklyn and Blackwater River. In the neighborhood of Brooklyn, and between that place and Sparta, they say there is an abundance of corn and cattle; also, that six miles below Brooklyn, on the Conecuh River, a home guard of fifty men are watching a bridge, which they have prepared to burn on the approach of the Yankees, whom they have expected from the direction of Milton. Sergeant Holldinger, of First Florida Cavalry, who was raised near Little River, describes a route from here to Blakely which avoids difficult streams, striking the railroad at Williams Station, six miles below Canoe Station; thence northwest, intersecting Stockton road; thence southwest to Blakely, leaving Stockton road; thence southwest to Blakely, leaving Stockton to the right. The distance, however, would be about 106 miles, perhaps more; for I believe it is a low estimate to call it sixty miles from camp here to Williams Station, and forty-six miles from there round to Blakely. My brigade is in very fine condition and ready to do almost anything. I have a pioneer corps organized.

Yours, truly,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., February 14, 1865.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,

Pulaski:

Send the One hundred and seventy -third Ohio Volunteer Infantry without delay by rail to Johnsonville. Major-General Thomas says you must manage for the present to get along with Forty-seventh Missouri, One hundred and seventy-fifth Ohio, and Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania, and your cavalry; that it is necessary to send the One hundred and seventy-third Ohio to Johnsonville.

By command of Major-General Rousseau:

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHERN ALABAMA,Decatur, Ala., February 14, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith a copy* of a communication received from General Roddey by flag of truce in relation

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

