
marauding bands in the surrounding country, which makes it incumbent upon me to send out large and frequent scouting parties, in order to clear the country of these outlaws and afford protection to the loyal inhabitants and the railroads. It is so perfectly manifest that my force is entirely inadequate for this purpose, that it is only necessary to make mention of the fact to you. I earnestly urge the pressing necessity of having at least one good full regiment of infantry ordered to this post, if it meets with the approval of the general commanding and is consistent with his plans.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

ATHENS, February 14, 1865.

(Received 8.50 p. m.)

Brigadier-General TILLSON:

Captain Duggan just come in off scout. Captured 5 guerrillas out of 6, all that came in this time. Also captured 5 horses, with saddles, and 4 guns and 1 pistol, and recaptured Lieutenant Don, of Monroe Country.

W. A. COCHRAN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

LEXINGTON, February 14, 1865.

Captain PARKINSON,

Nicholasville, Ky.:

Send toward Keene and look out for ten guerrillas. One on white or gray horse.

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., February 14, 1865-8.30 p. m.

Colonel JOHNSON,

Paris, Ky.:

Report says eighteen guerrillas ordered support this evening at Cunningham's, in the vicinity of Paris. Get horses. Send out men. Kill and capture them. Hunt them down. Forty men will start from here to-night to co-operate.

By order of Brigadier-General Hobson:

THOS. A. HOWES,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., February 14, 1865.

Colonel BROWN,

Mount Sterling, Ky.:

Leave one company at Flemingsburg with instructions to scout and protect Poplar Plains. Eighteen guerrillas report in vicinity of Paris. Notify your men at Flat Rock, &amp;c.

By order of Brigadier-General Hobson:

THOS. A. HOWES,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

