
and desires to take the oath of allegiance and remain within our lines to the close of the war, it appears reliable.

Very respectfully, captain, your obedient servant,

A. ASBOTH,

General, Commanding.

Captain F. W. EMERY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of West Florida and Southern Alabama.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Andrew B. Spurling, Second Maine Cavalry, commanding expedition.

CAMP SECOND MAINE CAVALRY,

Barrancas, Fla., February 25, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the recent expedition to Milton, Fla.:

At 3 p. m. February 22 I embarked on the steamer Matamoras, in command of 50 mounted and 250 dismounted men of the Second Maine Cavalry. At 10 o'clock in the evening I reached Pierce's Mills and disembarked the dismounted cavalry as soon as the wharf at that point could be repaired. I placed Captain B. G. Merry in command, and this force was moved cautiously during the night to Milton. So secretly and quietly did they proceed that the enemy's picket posted there knew nothing of the approach. The enemy's camp was found six miles farther on, in the direction of Pollard, and our troops succeeded in gaining the rear without in any way giving alarm. A little after daylight they marched upon the enemy, completely surprising his camp, making quite a number of men prisoners, and capturing nearly all their horses, killing one man and seriously wounding another, a few only escaping into the swamps close by the camp, from which it was impossible to bring them out. All of their arms, ammunition, equipments, and camp equipage was also captured, which was destroyed, the soldiers being too tired to bring it away and there being no means of transportation. At 3.30 a. m. I caused the boat to be moved up the river to Baghdad, and the fifty mounted men to be put on shore. I then proceeded with these men on the road where the enemy's picket of four men was posted, and in the direction of his camp. I reached the picket about daylight, capturing 2 men, wounding 1, and the other made his escape unharmed. Soon afterward I reached their camp, where I found the dismounted cavalry under command of Captain Merry, who had succeeded in surprising it, as has been stated before. The boat not being large enough to carry my whole force, together with the captured men and horses, I dispatched it late in the afternoon with them in charge of a small guard. The boat returned the next day in the afternoon, and on the following morning, February 25, I embarked my whole force and returned to Barrancas, where I arrived in the afternoon about 4 o'clock. The results of the expedition are 19 prisoners, 1 being left behind too severely wounded to be brought off, 29 horses, and 5 mules. Three horses being diseased and worthless I caused to be shot. Fifty stand of arms, with full accouterments, together with all the enemy's camp equipage, were destroyed. There were no casualties among my own men.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. SPURLING,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Maine Cavalry.

Lieutenant J. WILLIAM HAIGHT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of West Florida.

