
days, and then sending them to Nashville under guard, where they are placed in prison for some time before being set at liberty, such as to cause of them in a spirit of wrong to resort to such practices? There certainly to be a change in the manner of treating deserters in the district, and if consistent with the views of the major general commanding the department, and not country to instructions from the war Department, I respectfully suggest that orders be given to have all such who may come into our lines in this part of North Alabama examined here, where their characters can be ascertained from the loyal citizens of this place and vicinity; and if they be bona fide deserters and men who can do our cause no injury that the may be here paroled or returned to their homes upon taking the amnesty oath. If this cannot be done they might be paroled here to report to Nashville, and transportation be furnished them to the same place, where their cases could be disposed of. In coming into our lines and giving themselves up to us they trust to our honor to treat them as deserters, and we should so far trust them under such circumstances as at least to parole to go to Nashville. I think the effect of this would be to bring many into our lines who would not otherwise come.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

PROVOST ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF NORTHERN ALA., OFFICE PROVOST- MARSHAL, 10. Huntsville, Ala., January 22, 1865.

For the information of the numerous deserters from the Confederate Army who are now seeking refuge within our lines, as well as of those who are deterred from so doing under the misapprehensions of the treatment and disposition made of them by the Government of the United States, the following is published:

I. All deserters coming into our lines are required to report to the nearest provost-marshal. By neglecting to do this they render them selves liable to be captured and forwarded as prisoners of war. They should bring in their horses and arms.

II. Resigned and discharged officers and men will be permitted to take the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States, and return to their homes.

III. Local provost-marshals having no authority to administer the oath fa deserters, they will be furnished transportation to Nashville, and there released on taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States.

IV. Deserters are not liable to draft or conscription. Remunerative employment is furnished to those who desire it in the quartermaster's department.

V. This great and magnanimous Government has adhered to the policy of treating with kindness and forbearance those who, coerced into hostility, are willing to return to her allegiance.

By command of Brigadier General R. S. Granger:

JOHN W. HORNER,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighteenth Michigan Infantry, Provost-Marshal.

46 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

