HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Gravelly Springs, Ala., February 15, 1865.

Colonel R. R. STEWART,

Commanding Fifth Div., Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

COLONEL: Captain Carling reports quite extensive fires on the south bank of the river opposite Smith's Landing. General Wilson directs that you send a regiment to scout the county from Eastport to Colbert's Ferry, examining the country well out toward the railroad. The working parties at Carroll's Landing have been fired from the opposite bank of the river. Communicate with General Croxton, and if you have not a regiment in your division available for the scout General Croxton will furnish it from the First Division.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTY DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Eastpost, Miss., February 15, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN T. CROXTON,

Commanding First Div., Cavalry Corps, Mil, Div of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state, in reply to your letter of this date, that I keep constantly a large force our through the country observing the position of affairs and watching the movements of the enemy. Night before last I had a regiment up the river above Chickasaw. Nothing was discovered to excite any apprehension. But five or six rebels were see, through the force went fifteen miles and returned. I am satisfied that Forrest is at Tupelo or Verona, but I have every thing in the same state of vigilance I should were he immediately in my front. I understand, though not authoritatively, that the rebels intend running a train, under flag of truce, loaded with corn to Iuka to-day. I am satisfied that this train business is a humbug, and shell watch it with interest and closely. If any violation of the pretended object takes place I shall seize the train and hold it until I am directed to give it up. I am told that no trouble is experienced by my couriers in getting across the river. Every steam-boat is ordered to furnish transportation, and no trouble has been experienced in obtaining yawls. I will write you every day, and oftener if deemed necessary, everything learned by my scouts. Please communicate any information or advice you may have at any time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. STEWART,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

PULASKI, February 15, 1865.

ASST. ADJT. General, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND:

A squad of rebel cavalry, about twenty-five men, made their appearance on the Lamb's ferry road night before last. I have sent out 100 cavalry pursuit.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

