
LEXINGTON, KY., February 15, 1865.

Colonel S. B. BROWN,

Mount Sterling, Ky.:

Station one company Major Buck's battalion at Flemingsburg, and one company at Hillsborough instead of Morehead. Let them scout country to Morehead.

By order of Brigadier General E. H. Hobson:

THOS. A. HOWES,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., February 15, 1865.

Major General R. R. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: If Mobile falls into your hands after a defense of the place, treat all property taken as fairly belonging to the Government. Listen to no claims of citizens or speculators having trade permits, but take all cotton and such other articles as have been used to sustain Southern credit and ship them to New York to the quartermaster there, to be disposed of under the directions of the Secretary of War. Let Treasury agents have nothing to do with your captures. They have no business with the army, if you desire to be clear of them. It is only after the President declares by proclamation a port to be open that the Treasury Department has rights, and then they are subject to the military authorities. Should Mobile surrender without opposition you will treat all property you may declare captured as here directed, but it will be discretionary with you to respect such private claims to property as you may deem proper and judicious. In no case, however, permit the claims of speculators with trade permits to cover property falling within your hands. If they have made investments in property whilst still the hands of the enemy, if has been with the hope of very great gain, and they take all the chances of loss incident to a state of war.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., February 15, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

New Orleans, La.:

I shall be much obliged if you will keep me advised of the time your cavalry expedition will start from Vicksburg, as I wish to co-operate by sending a force into Alabama and Mississippi.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA AND SOUTH ALABAMA, 27. Fort Gaines, Ala., February 15, 1865.

* * * *

5. Barracks will be immediately constructed for the garrisons of the following forts. They will be capable of accommodating the number

