
CITY POINT, VA., February 16, 1865-1.30 a. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Nashville:

As it is desirable to start Stoneman without delay, I think it advisable oft him to go without waiting to get the remainder of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry. Keep that portion of it in your command.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., February 16, 1865-9.30 (Received 17th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

It seems to be now pretty certain that Cheatham's and Lee's corps of Hood's army have left Mississippi and gone eastward. They left Columbus and Tupelo about the 17th of January last, and I have traced them through different persons so regularly that I cannot longer doubt their having gone. The last person reported their having passed Opelika on the 27th of January, and all agree in reporting that they were going to South Carolina. I have also received two or three reports during the past weed that Forrest is about to remove his troops to Georgia. If he has not already started I think my cavalry expedition from Eastport will overtake him. It will be ready about the 20th instant. I have taken measures to equip General Stoneman as rapidly as possible, and have substituted another regiment for the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, but would like to get that regiment as soon as possible, as I could make it very useful of Chattanooga, as there are a number of scouting parties of the enemy about Rome, Resaca, La Favette, and other towns in that region.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Nashville, February 16, 1865-4.50 p. m. (Received 9 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

General Forrest, through General Wilson, says that he is willing and anxious to have us send clothing to our prisoners confined in Mississippi and Alabama. He represents them as suffering, and guarantees safe transmittal and delivery of everything sent to them. They number about 7,000. He also wishes to make an exchange of prisoners now in their hands, or who may hereafter be taken. Is also desirous of allowing the people to send their cotton within our lines and take out nothing but necessaries of life.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 16, 1865-11.30 p. m.

(received 9 a. m. 17th.)

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Arrangements have been entered into for the exchange of prisoners until one or other party is exhausted of all on hand. You may receive

