
all General Forrest will send you, and receipt for them, forwarding them to Benton barracks for parole until exchanged. Their equivalents will be delivered here to Colonel Ould, or will be sent out from Eastpost with his consent. If he will not deliver them so, you may send clothing to them. I would agree to no trade being opened with the South, except such portion as comes within our line, and them only to prevent suffering. If you deliver any prisoners they must be paroled until declared exchanged by proper authority under the cartel of 1862. What you received will be paroled in like manner.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 16, 1865-5.55 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Eastport:

You are authorized to retain Captain Emerson and squad temporarily.

The Secretary of War has revoked the order removing Brigadier-General Meredith from Paducah.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, TENN., February 16, 1865.

Senator WILSON,

Washington, D. C.:

I learn that strong influences are about to be used to prevent the confirmation of Bvt. Brigadier General J. H. Hammond, whose name is now before the Senate. General Hammond is one of the most energetic, intelligent, and faithful young officers of the service, and I should regret exceedingly if he should lose his confirmation in consequence of private political opposition.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, Tenn., February 16, 1865-10.30 a. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Yesterday about midday a party of guerrillas attacked one of my wood trains about six miles from town and captured thirteen wagons, &amp;c., south of Nashville, between Tennessee [and] Alabama and Chattanooga Railroads. As the most expeditious way of meeting the case I dispatched Captain Irvin and sixty mounted men of my own forces in pursuit yesterday afternoon, and they have not yet returned. They went toward Lebanon on the Lebanon pike, and I am in hopes they will overtake the marauders and punish them. My object now is to say that these guerrilla bands are becoming audacious daily.

Very respectfully,

J. L. DONALDSON,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Chief Quartermaster.

