
MARCH 1, 1865. - Skirmish near Philadelphia, Tenn.

Report of Captain William A. Cochran, Seventh Tennessee Mounted Infantry.

ATHENS, March 2, 1865 - 9.30 a. m.

I sent a scout out yesterday after the guerrillas that were [near] Philadelphia. They ran into the rear of them, and killed 5 or 6, and captured 7 horses and large amounts of other property, such as clothing, boots, and shoes. We took no prisoners.

W. A. COCHRAN,

Commanding Seventh Regiment.

Brigadier-General TILLSON.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE AND

FOURTH DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Knoxville, Tenn., March 2, 1865.

Captain W. A. COCHRAN,

Commanding Seventh Tennessee Mounted Infantry, Athens, Tenn.:

Your dispatch received. I am exceedingly pleased with your success, and especially with your not taking any prisoners. Have you any definite information of the rebel raiders killing any unarmed Union men since the guerrillas you have as prisoners at Athens were taken?

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District and Division.

MARCH 1-6, 1865. - Expedition from Gravelly Springs to Florence, Ala.

Report of Captain Lot Abraham, Fourth Iowa Cavalry.

GRAVELLY SPRINGS, ALA., March 6, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of my expedition in obedience to your orders of March 1:

Starting from camp just before dark that evening, I marched to Rawhide and camped for thee night. I found the roads very bad, night dark and rainy, and had some trouble in finding the place. On the 2nd I started early, during a heavy rain, and followed your instructions until I arrived at Shoal Creek, which could not be forded, and I followed down on this side, arriving in Florence at dark, where I found the different detachments waiting, and that we had picked up about fifty prisoners during the day, and heard that a party calling themselves Federal soldiers had passed through Florence that day, robbing and plundering. I soon learned that some of the men we wanted were with that party, but it was then too late, dark, and rainy to follow. I received your orders to bring all prisoners to camp next day. Quartered in deserted building in Florence that night, and called on the citizens to feed the prisoners, which they did willingly. Next morning (the 3rd) I started a detachment after Thrasher's party, and started for camp with the rest of my command and the prisoners, but could not cross Cypress Creek and sent them back to Florence. I worked all that day in the rain trying to send a messenger to headquarters. Succeeded in the evening by sending a little flat-boat down the river. Being out of rations and forage, that evening I called on the citizens

