
regret exceedingly the probable removal of the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry from my command, as great pains have been taken to put this regiment in condition to operate in the Green River country east and west of the Louisiana and Nashville Railroad. By its its removal I am left without troops to render that part of the country safe and secure from guerrilla outrages. I do not doubt the propriety of my superior officers in removing troops under my command from their present stations of country in which they are now operating, but I doubt very much the propriety of promising the citizens of exposed parts of Kentucky protection, furnish it for a few days, then suddenly deprive them of it. I am confident that the general commanding the district prior to his departure, and since his return from Washington City, has done everything he possibly could be to furnish me with necessary means whereby the citizens of Kentucky living in the part of the State known as the First Division, Military District of Kentucky, would receive ample, protection for their lives and property. His efforts to procure arms, horses, and horse equipments from the various bureaus and departments have, as he has been kind enough to inform me, been without avail, and to a great extent disregarded. I make this simple statement of fact in justice to the general commanding the district and myself, that in the event of complaint on the part of citizens as to the insecurity of life and property, that the blame and responsibility, if any, may rest where it properly belongs, and not with us.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., February 16, 1865.

C. J. LAWTON, Esq,

Hartford, Ky.:

SIR: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge receipt of your communication of 5th instant regarding depredations committed by guerrillas, and to assure you that there being now no danger of an invasion of the State by the enemy, the whole force under his command will be employed in active efforts to exterminate these thieving bands. Instructions from the War Department do not admit of troops being raised for special service, therefore it will be impossible to comply with your request for authority to given Colonel Shanks to raise a company for the protection of your country. It is expected that plans now being perfected of operations against guerrillas will soon be successful in driving them from the State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., February 16, 1865.

Colonel DANIEL J. DILL,

Commanding Post, Louisville, Ky.:

COLONEL: By direction of the general commanding I inclose for your information and action a letter from the War Department, will indorsement from these headquarters. A committee of the Loyal League of the city of Louisville, writing under date of February 4, represent that

