
much destitution and suffering exist amongst the families of Union soldiers in that city, and request that some measures be adopted for their relief, recommending assessments on wealthy rebel sympathizers. The inclosed paper gives you authority for making such assessments, and the general commanding directs that you levy a sufficient amount to provide destitute families of Union soldiers in Louisville with the necessaries of life. You will render an accurate account monthly to these headquarters of all moneys collected and expended under these instructions, conferring with the Union League for information as to the parties desiring assistance. As in the execution of instructions of this nature abuses may be looked for, unless great, care is exercised, the general commanding desires you will give the matter your personal attention and supervision.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., February 16, 1865.

SAMUEL MATLACK, Esq.,

No 3. Court Place, Louisville, Ky.:

SIR: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge receipt of the communication of 4th instant from the president and committee of the Union League of the city of Louisville, regarding the destitution and suffering of families of Union League of the city of Louisville, regarding the destitution and suffering of families of Union soldiers. Your suggestion that means to alleviate such suffering be obtained by assessing wealthy rebel sympathizers meets the approval of the general commanding, and I am directed to inform you that instructions have this day been sent Colonel Daniel J. Dill, post commandant, to make such assessment and to confer with the League as to the most expedient manner of distributing the amount thus obtained. The general commanding further directs me, through you, to express his thanks to the Union League of Louisville for their hearth support and approval of the policy pursued by him in the administration of affairs in Kentucky.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BATLES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, [February] 16, 1865.

(Received 1.25 p. m. 22nd.)

Major-General THOMAS:

Your dispatches of the 6th and 9th have just been received. I have ordered the cavalry to land at Vicksburg. The operations were to break up the railroad communication with mobile west of the Mississippi, the Mobile and Montgomery Railroad, by the cavalry force, from a point on the Gulf coast.* You can aid us materially by attracting the attention of the enemy by demonstrations from Eastpost. The time of this movement will depend upon the arrival of A. J. Smith's corps, and the state of preparation in which it is found. This will be reported you in season for your co-operation.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

---------------

* See Plum to Ramsey, February 23, p. 757.

---------------

