SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 46. Lexington, Ky., February 17, 1865.

* * * *

VI. In compliance with instructions from department headquarters the Eleventh Michigan and Twelfth Ohio Cavalry are relieved from duty in this district, and will proceed from their respective stations as soon as practicable to Louisville, Ky., their commanding officers reporting upon arrival to Major-General Stoneman. All officers and enlisted men belonging to these regiments on detached duty within this district, except under orders from higher authority than that of the general commanding, will be at once relieved and ordered to report to their respective regiments at Louisville.

By command of Brevet Major-General Burbridge:

J. BATLES DICKSON,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIRST DIV., MILITARY DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,

Lexington, Ky., February 17, 1865.

General D. W. Lindsey,

Adjutant and Inspector General State of Kentucky, Frankfort:

Brigadier-General Hobson, just leaving on the train, directs me to inform you that the Twelfth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Elevent Michigan Cavalry, and Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, stationed respectively at Richmond and the region of country surrounding Mount Sterling, Flemingsburg and surrounding, Glasgow, Elizabethtown and surrounding, have ordered off superior authority and that the people living in the country occupied and protected heretofore by these regiments should take some measures to protect themselves, as it is not in the power of the general to do it if his troops are taken from him. It is with extreme regret that the general is forced to communicate this to you, but he does it that the citizens may exert themselves to protect their homes and lives from the numerous bands which he has endeavored to rid the country of with the inadequate force at his disposal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. BUTLER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Volunteers.

HUSTONVILLE, KY., February 17, 1865.

Brigadier General E. H. HOBSON:

GENERAL: Upon our arrival home we found a squad of Captain Bridgewater's men an this point doing fine service, also recruiting for the service. Yesterday Lieutenant Finch, of the Twelfth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, with about sixty men, came here. We suggest the prosection, which corers the most important points approaching the Rolling Fork country. Bridgewater's men still remain here, which makes a fine convening for retreat.

J. E. HUFFMAN.

H. BROWN.

GEORGE DRYE.

