
to divide, which they did willingly, with a few exceptions. I arrested a soldier straggling about, on the 2nd, named John Agnes, belonging to Ninth Indiana Cavalry. He said he had been up there sick for three weeks and wanted to return with us to camp to find his regiment. He broke away from the guards that night, and I learned since that he had been engaged in robbing, &amp; c. Several citizens told me they believed most of the robbing had been done by men who were with Lieutenant Thrasher, or men from about Clifton. They all say Thrasher is an honorable man, but blame him for having such men with him. Tom and Bishop Clark, Tom Dennis, Paul Ketty, Bill Bridges, and Pete Grimes are the names of some of his party. A man calling himself Philips seemed to be the worst character. I received supplies of forage and rations by the steamer Rosa Sunday, the 5th instant, and returned to camp, arriving at 3 o'clock this p. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOT ABRAHAM,

Captain Company D, Fourth Iowa Cavalry.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

MARCH 2-4, 1865. - Operations about Athens, Tenn.

Report of Captain William A. Cochran, Seventh Tennessee Mounted Infantry.

ATHENS, March 4, 1865 - 3.55 p. m.

The guerrillas made a raid into this county the night of the 2nd. We pursued them within fourteen miles of Murphy, and killed 5 of them, captured 15 horses, 2 Spencer rifles, 2 carbines, 2 fine pistols, and other property. Killed Wheeler Maston, Captain Maston's brother. Captain Burnett, of Company C, commanded the scout.

W. A. COCHRAN,

Captain, Commanding Seventh Tennessee Mounted Infantry.

Brigadier-General TILLSON.

MARCH 3, 1865. - Skirmish near Tunnel Hill, Ga.

Report of Captain John P. Cravens, One hundred and forty-fifth Indiana Infantry.

TUNNEL HILL, March 6, 1865.

I was out repairing the wire with a small squad on Friday last, and was attacked by McDonald with double my force. He captured four of my men. After paroling theme he sends a note addressed to you, which is as follows:

I am in command of a detachment, by order of General Wheeler, C. S. Army. I am not a guerrilla, as you suppose. I now beseech you to recognize my paroles. If not, the crime of inhumanity be on your own head and not on mine.

A. MCDONALD.

I shall send it by first train. Shall I recognize his paroles? Answer.

J. P. CRAVENS,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Major-General STEEDMAN.

