
times to be informed when they passed Morganza or Baton Rouge, without having elicited a reply. Acting Admiral Thatcher has arrived in Pensacola, and will probably be here in a few days. I learned this in a letter from the commodore to-day. I think the latter will also be here in a few days. I shall not send the Arizona, the flag-ship, to Mobile Bay until I hear further from him. I had intended going in her myself to-morrow, but shall now wait.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. FRANKLIN,

Fleet Captain, West Gulf Squadron.

CAIRO, February 21, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

I just arrived with eight squadrons regiment Merrill's Horse, ordered to report by telegraph to you.

C. B. HUNT,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 46. Nashville, Tenn., February 21, 1865.

*			*			*			*			*

XII. The One hundred and fiftieth Regiment Illinois Infantry, Colonel George W. Keener commanding, having reported at these headquarters is assigned to duty in the District of the Etowah, and will proceed to Bridgeport, Ala., and report to Major General J. B. Steedman for duty on the line of Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GRAVELLY SPRINGS, [February] 21, 1865. [Received 23rd.]

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

A loyal man just in from Fulton confirms the report of Forrest's movement southward to West Point, if not beyond. The man has been sent back for further information. A citizen from Tuscaloosa reports, at Florence, that Mobile has been evacuated, and the rebels defeated, with heavy loss, in a two days' battle, at Branchville.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, February 21, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS:

The following telegram has just been received from Colonel Conrad, commanding post of Decatur, whom I ordered to send out scouting

