
party in the direction of Courtland to ascertain the truth of the report that Forrest was in that vicinity:

DECATUR, [February] 21, 1865.

Could not ascertain anything about Forrest. Rumors that he crossed the Tennessee River with about 10,000 men. The country is filled with scouting parties. We must have cavalry.

JOSEPH CONRAD,

Colonel, Commanding.

I give no credit to the report that Forrest has crossed the river in any force. I know the country to be full of small scouting parties of rebel cavalry.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, February 21, 1865.

Major General J. B. STEEDMAN:

The One hundred and fiftieth Illinois Regiment has just been ordered to you. The new regiments sent you are for the purpose of relieving the troops of the Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps. Can they be relieved now? The regiment will report from Bridgeport and you will post as you think best.

WM&gt; D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

LOUISVILLE, February 21, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS:

The cavalry in Kentucky was very much scattered through the State, but will, I hope, be concentrated here by Sunday next. General Allen thinks it had better be sent by railroad. I will send each regiment as soon as ready. Horses coming in slowly. I will leave for Knoxville as soon as I can get away. Will be able to get together about 1,800 men. The remainder are out of hand.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General.

FRANKFORT, February 21, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Give authority to raise five regiments in Kentucky, to serve within the State unless the emergencies should demand them elsewhere. Let this authority also authorize the completion of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Cavalry as part of the five regiments, instead of consolidating, as requested a few days since. There is no sufficient force in Kentucky to enable Major-General Palmer to execute his duties.

THOS. E. BRAMLETTE,

Governor of Kentucky.

I earnestly request that the foregoing application of Governor Bramlette be allowed. The troops are needed at once.

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General.

48 R R-VOL, XLIX, PT I

