
CAMPBELLSVILLE, KY., February 21, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Cannot spare two companies of Thirtieth. To remove them would leave the country defenseless. These troops must be raised or sent from other stations. Corporal Johson will report as directed. Let me hear from you.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. U. S. FORCES AT MOBILE POINT, No. 1. Fort Morgan, Ala., February 21, 1865.

1. In obedience to Special Orders, No. 33, extract 1, headquarters District of West Florida and South Alabama, the undersigned hereby assumes temporary command of the U. S. forces at Mobile Point, Ala. All general and special orders heretofore issued to troops at this point will remain in full force until countermanded from these headquarters.

2. The following-named staff officers are hereby announced: Captain Frank Adams, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant Frederick E. Starck, Twentieth Iowa Infantry Volunteers, aide-de-camp.

WM. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTH ALABAMA, No. 6. Fort Gaines, Ala., February 21, 1865.

The present organization of the District of South Alabama having been suspended pursuant to instructions from headquarters District of West Florida and South Alabama, the undersigned hereby assumes command of U. S. forces on Dauphin Island, and in addition thereto will exercise the duties of post commander.

ELIAS S. DENNIS,

Brigadier-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 22, 1865-11 p.m. [Received 11.50 p.m.]

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

All points on the coast now being taken from the rebels except Mobile [if Wilmington is not now in our possession it will be within forty-eight hours, I think] makes me believe that the French rebel rams will go to Mobile Bay to cut off our troops there from supplies. I have good reasons to believe orders have gone from Richmond to hold Mobile at all hazards. This strengthens this theory. These rams may have started for a different destination, but as they will likely stop at some port near our coast to fill up with coal and supplies they can get final orders. I think it advisable to notify the Navy Department and General Canby of this theory, so they can prepare for it.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

