
OFFICE OF CHIEF INSPECTOR OF RAILROAD DEFENSES, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, Tenn., February 23, 1865-6 p.m.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: In the absence of Major Willett I have the honor to state that telegrams just received at this office announce that the bridges at Ruther's Creek, Nos. 8 and 9, and fifty feet of Duck River bridge, on the Decatur and Stevenson Railroad, were washed away this afternoon.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARTHUR L. CONGER,

Lieutenant, 115th Ohio Vols., Asst. Insp. of Railroad Defenses, in Charges of Office.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Gravelly Springs, Ala., February 23, 1865..

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Cumberland, Nashville, Tenn.:

Colonel Parkhurst arrived day before yesterday. Telegram of 17th received last night. Colonel Parkhurst has gone out under flag of truce to meet Forrest.

*			*			*			*			*

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

WATERLOO, ALA., February 23, 1865.

Brevet Major-General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: On the matter of transportation in "active campaign" I have to say that I am opposed to all wheels except artillery, ambulances, and wagons for ammunition, of which latter there should be six to every 1,000 fighting men, which, at the rate of 15,000 per wagon, would carry ninety rounds per man; and this, with 100 rounds on the horse, would probably supply us until again within reach of the general supply train or depot. There should be, in addition, five wagons to each battery for artillery ammunition. The teams should be the very best. In connection with this matter of ammunition, I desire to say that my last ordnance report shows less than 100 rounds per man in the command, and I desire to know whether I shall send my ordnance officer to Nashville, or rely upon a general supply being brought here before we move. We are sadly in want of clothing, especially boots and pants. I trust we shall be supplied before leaving. Could anything be done to hurry the Spencers through by rail via Nashville and Johnsonville? I may suggest it, as it might add a thousand of them to our force, and that would do a good deal. My opinion is that the column from Vicksburg will be a week behind its time. This may enable us, as I trust it will, to get both arms and horses for everybody. I suggest that we take with us for two days' march [say forty miles] wagons loaded with fifteen days' sugar, coffee, and salt, and five days' hard bread. The wagons would come back safely under a small guard, and think it would be a great relief. A battalion from the troops left here

