
would, I think, be amply sufficient to bring them back. I sent you Colonel Stewart's report of the reconnaissance. I have directed a special report on the condition and character of the roads and the amount of forage, &amp;c.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CAVALRY DIVISION, February 23, 1865.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

MAJOR: About 450 horses will be required to mount all the men in this division. More would be required according to inspection report, but I think 450 will be ample.

Very respectfully,

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Pulaski, Tenn., February 23, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel CLIFT,Commanding Fifth Tennessee Cavalry:

COLONEL: Your last dispatch from Tullahoma was received. I am surprised you have not received the order assigning your regiment to my division. It was perhaps sent to Colonel Palmer, who was supposed to be the ranking officer in the two regiments [Fifteenth Pennsylvania and Fifth Tennessee]. As your brigade is not organized, and I do not see how it can be very soon, you will send me direct the monthly returns of your regiment for November, December, and January, and the tri-monthly of December 31, January 10,20,31. Hereafter you will forward these reports and returns direct to me as they fall due. The sergeant who is the bearer of this will remain in your camp a day or two if necessary to enable these reports to be prepared. Let me know also how you succeed in hunting bushwhackers. Childs and his gang are reported over in Lincoln County.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH, Numbers 24. Chattanooga, February 23, 1865.

*			*			*			*			*

III. The One hundred and forty-ninth Illinois Infantry Volunteers will relieve the troops of Brigadier-General Cruft's command [detachments of the Army of the Cumberland], now garrisoning the Cleveland and Knoxville and Cleveland and Atlanta Railroads, occupying the road from Charleston to the junction, and from the junction to Ringgold, making regimental headquarters at the fort near Cleveland. The regiment will report at the depot at Chattanooga at 7 a.m. to-morrow,

