
February 24, for transportation to the several garrisons on the line of the road. The commanding officer at Cleveland will turn over to the officer relieving him such post or garrison records as may have been made at that place, and report without delay with his command to General Cruft, at Chattanooga.

*			*			*			*			*

VI. All officers and men belonging to the Fourteenth, Fifteenth, Seventeenth, Twentieth, and Twenty-third Army Corps, or to the artillery or cavalry serving with Major-General Sherman, except those serving on court-martial not detailed by department or superior authority, will report to Brigadier-General Cruft, commanding detachments at Chattanooga, at once for transportation to their respective regiments, batteries, or detachments.

VII. The One hundred and forty-fifth Indiana Infantry Volunteers will relieve the troops of General Cruft's command [detachments of the Army of the Cumberland] now garrisoning the Cleveland and Atlanta Railroad, occupying the road from Block-House No. 9, one mile south of Ringgold, to Dalton, making regimental headquarters at Dalton. The troops will move by railroad on the 24th instant to the several garrisons on the line of road ordered to be occupied by them. The commanding officer at Dalton will turn over to the officer relieving him all post or garrison records belonging to the garrison, and report without delay with his command to Brigadier-General Cruft, Chattanooga.

VII. Colonel G. W. Keener, One hundred and fiftieth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, will relieve with a detachment of his command the troops now garrisoning the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, occupying the block-houses on the road from No. 39, at Dry Trestle, six miles east of Bridgeport, to No. 48, at Chattanooga Creek, inclusive, to the maximum of their intended capacity. Colonel Keener will also occupy with a detachment of his regiment, under command of a field officer, the earth-work and block-house on Lookout Knob, near Whiteside. The balance of the regiment will remain at Bridgeport, reporting for orders to the post commander at that place. Reports and returns required by existing department orders will be made direct to these headquarters; but the commanding officer will make such reports to the post commander at Bridgeport, through whom he will forward all official communications, as he may require. The troops now garrisoning the road, except those belonging to the Sixty-eighth New York Regiment, on being relieved will report to General Cruft, at Chattanooga.

IX. The Eighteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, Colonel A. O. Millington, is relieved from further duty at Bridgeport and ordered to proceed to Chattanooga. Colonel Millington will report its arrival at Chattanooga at these headquarters. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation by rail.

By command of Major-General Steedman:

S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JOHNSONVILLE, TENN., February 23, 1865.

Major S. HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

One hundred and seventy-third Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry reported for duty 786 officers and men; Battery A, Second Missouri

