HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Gravelly Springs, Ala., February 24, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

A reconnaissance has just returned from Tuscumbia and Russellville, bringing in 25 deserters, 30 prisoners, 40 horses and mules; destroyed 2 caissons. They also brought in 25 negroes, who immediately enlisted in the One hundred and nineteenth U. S. Colored Troops. The previous report of Forrest's movement toward Canton is confirmed. Roddey is endeavoring to organize his command at Tuscaloosa and it is said Chalmers' cavalry division has gone with Hood's infantry to South Carolina. It has been raining incessantly for the last two days and all roads at present are impassable. The Tennessee River is rising rapidly.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Gravelly Springs, Ala., February 24, 1865.

Brigadier General J. T. CROXTON,

Commanding First Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 23rd is just received. The brevet major-general commanding directs me to say that he fully agrees with you in the opinion that every wheel possible should be dispensed with. After careful consideration he directs that you make your estimates of transportation on the following basis: Sixty days' rations of coffee, thirty days' of sugar, fifteen of salt, a nd five of hard bread, to be taken on pack-mules and in wagons, the least number of the latter possible. Two wagons for division headquarters, one for each brigade, and five to a battery, besides the ambulances and medical supply wagons. The medical director of the corps will regulate the number of the latter. General Thomas has been requested by telegraph to order the necessary supply of ammunition, but you may send your ordnance officer to Johnsonville and let him telegraph from there, or, he may proceed to Nashville, if necessary. Authorize him to ask Captain Mordecai to forward all the Spencers he may have on hand. You can have any that can be got. You will begin crossing your command to the south bank of the river just as soon as possible after thee present storm breaks away, and will continue it night and day until all are over. You need not cross any wagons except those you are to take with you, not to exceed fifty, if you can possibly get along with that number. The clothing will be hurried up; it has been expected daily. Your suggestion with regard to taking a supply train part of the way had already been considered and may be carried into effect. The major-general commanding, however, does not anticipate so much difficulty in subsisting the men as will doubtless be experienced in finding forage for the horses. Please make inquiry concerning the bridges on the Black Warrior, Tombigbee, and Cahawba Rivers, and the larger tributaries of these streams. Please see that the pontoon train is in readiness to march. You may make your arrangements to leave your train in charge of an officer and forty or fifty men. This officer will be charged with sending to the cavalry depot at Edgefield for storage all surplus baggage, camp and garrison equipage for which no transportation is provided in General Orders, No. 7, and which are not absolutely needed in campaign. He will load his train with what is left and such sup-

