
Cavalry, portions of which are already on duty under some order, the source or teems of which I have failed so far to discover, the other three to be infantry, mounted if possible. I think it highly important that this authority should be granted. The troops are needed; the men can be had and, indeed, are eager to enter the service. Especially is this true of a large number of old soldiers who have been honorably discharged after three years' service and are now able to remain at their homes. They wish to defend their homes and kill the miscreants who have murdered many of their comrades since their return, and i sympathize with the feeling. Let me beg the attention of the War Department to this point. I have but to add that the colored troops in the State, as they are infantry, are or soon will be sufficient for all guard and other local duty, and with the regiments proposed to be raised, will, in my judgment, be sufficient to establish and maintain order in the department. Mounted force is indispensable.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, &amp;c.,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, Louisville, February 24, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Robert J. Breckinridge, colonel in the rebel army, was captured near Versailles, Ky., on the 22nd instant, with orders from John C. Breckinridge ordering all Confederate officers and men out of the State, under the penalty of being reported to the Federal authorities as guerrillas. Breckinridge came into the State secretly. When he surrendered was in uniform-probably put on for the occasion. What shall be done with him?

JNO. M. PALMER,Major-General.

LEXINGTON, February 24, 1865.

Major G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In the absence of General Hobson I report that Colonel D. Howard Smith, rebel army, is here under flag of truce. The mission I know not. When shall he leave and which way? I consider it very unsafe to have him here, for the opportunity he has for gaining information is good, and if he goes back through Mount Sterling to Virginia he will know we have a very small, insufficient force there. I believe he was sent for by General Burbridge, but as General Burbridge is relieved, he has no control of him.

J. S. BUTLER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., February 24, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The officer and the escort with the flag of truce should be treated courteously, of course, but should be kept under guard. I telegraphed to General Burbridge on receipt of your first telegram, and took it for granted that you would hear from him.

G. M. BASCOM,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

