SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 93. Washington, February 25, 1865.

*			*			*			*			*

18. Brigadier General H. M. Judah, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person without delay to Major-General Thomas, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Cumberland, for assignment to duty.

*			*			*			*			*

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, No. 50. Nashville, Tenn., February 25, 1865.

*			*			*			*			*

XX. The One hundred and fifty-second Illinois Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel J. Partridge commanding, will report without delay to Major General L. H. Rousseau, commanding District of Tennessee, for assignment to duty with Major General R. H. Milroy's command.

XXI. The One hundred and forty-seventh Illinois Infantry will proceed without delay to Chattanooga, Tenn., and r eport to Major General James B. Steedman, commanding District of the Etowah, to whose command it is assigned. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Major-General Thomas;

HENRY M. CIST,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Gravelly Springs, Ala., February 25, 1865.

Major WILLIAM R. PRICE,Asst. Adjt. General and Asst. Insp. General, Cav. Bureau, War Dept.:

SIR: I have the honor to express my approbation of the system of special inspectors of cavalry, devised and put into successful operation under your superintendence. Through it our cavalry forces have been rapidly supplied with remounts, arms, and equipments and promptly sent to the field. The special merit of the system is that it enables without going to the rear in person to secure this object, and therefore does away with the old system of chief of cavalry, and finds employment for the general officers who have frequently filled these positions with so little advantage to the country. The system of special inspectors should have the sanction of law, and the officers detailed on that service should have at least the rank of lieutenant-colonel for corps as long as they are on duty. Had it not been for the very efficient service of Major William P. Chambliss, special inspector for the Military Division of the Mississippi, and Captain John Green, special inspector for the Cavalry Corps, the cavalry service in the West would have suffered greatly. These officers are worthy of the highest commendation for the zeal, intelligence, and activity with which they discharged the duties of their position. Both have been recommended through the proper channels for promotion.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

