HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Gravelly Springs, Ala., February 25, 1865.

Major WILLIAM P. CHAMBLISS,Chief Inspector of Cavalry:

MAJOR: I have just received your letter inclosing copies of orders in regard to the distribution of horses. As a matter of course, General Thomas is competent authority, but I can scarcely agree with him as to the relative importance of the commands which he seems disposed to favor. When I was chief of the Cavalry Bureau there were in the vicinity of Louisville nearly 10,000 broken-down horses. I presume the policy of grazing them has in some measure been continued, and that a portion of these horses are yet there. If this is so, and in view of the large demands likely to be made for remounts, I have most respectfully to request that 2,000 of the best of them be immediately selected and sent to the cavalry depot at Edgefield, Tenn., for recuperation, and that as fast as they are ready for duty and issued their places in the stables be filled by others not receiving as good attention. A close observation of two years leaves me no room to doubt the superiority of stabling over pasturage as the latter is generally provided. The depot at Edgefield can thus be rendered efficient, and the result of the labor then be converted always to the use of my corps. Please give this matter your careful consideration, and let us see that much abused class of horses, "broken down" in service, returned to duty hardy veterans.

Hoping to hear from you in regard to this question very soon, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

WATERLOO, ALA., February 25, 1865.

Major-General WILSON,

Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: If consistent with your plans I wish to let the First Division remain in statuesque until the others cross the river. This will probably give us several days' time, which we need more than the other divisions, and also leave us in our present quarters. It would probably require several days to cross the whole command. The river is very high.

Very respectfully, yours,

JNO. T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Gravelly Springs, Ala., February 25, 1865.

Brigadier General ELI LONG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The brevet major-general commanding desires to move with as few wheels as possible, and has established the following estimate for transportation: Enough wagons and pack-mules to carry sixty-days' rations of coffee, thirty of sugar, fifteen of salt, and five of hard bread; reduce the number of wagons to the lowest possible estimate. Two wagons for division headquarters, one for each brigade headquarters, and five wagons to a battery. The medical director of the corps will

