
regulate the number of ambulance and medical supply wagons to be taken. General Thomas has been requested by telegraph to order the necessary supply of ammunition. A supply train, guarded by a detachment of the Fifth Division, may accompany us two or three days' march, and will be sent back after being unloaded. The brevet major-general commanding does not anticipate so much difficulty in subsisting the men as will doubtless be experienced in finding forage for the animals. You may make arrangements to leave your train in charge of an officer and forty five men. This officer will be charged with sending to the cavalry depot at Edgefield for storage all surplus baggage, camp and garrison equipage for which no transportation is provided in General Orders, No. 7, and which are not absolutely needed in campaign. He will load his train with what is left, and with such supplies for the troops as may be needed, and be prepared to march with the Fifth Division wherever it may be ordered. Brigadier-General Croxton has been ordered to commence crossing to the south side of the river, and will continue day and night until his whole command is over. Hold your division in readiness to cross the river as soon as General Croxton is over, taking no wagons but those you are to take with you. Orders will be sent before you commence moving.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE AND FOURTH DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Knoxville, Tenn., February 25, 1865-7.15 p.m. [Received 27th.]

Major S. HOFFMAN,Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Cumberland, Nashville:

Two officers in the uniform of and claiming to belong to the Confederate navy were captured yesterday near Loudon. They state they were of a party sent from Richmond to destroy the bridges and steamboats on the Tennessee River. The balance of the party made their escape and are still at large.

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District and Division.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE AND FOURTH DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Knoxville, Tenn., February 25, 1865.

Major General JAMES B. STEEDMAN,Chattanooga:

Two officers in the uniform of and claiming to belong to the Confederate navy were captured yesterday near Loudon. They state they were of a party sent to capture and destroy the steam-boats on the river. The remainder of the party made their escape and are still at large; they may attempt to carry out their plan. I respectfully suggest that guards on the boats be increased and cautioned to exercise unusual vigilance.

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District and Division.

49 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

