
BRIDGEPORT, February 25, 1865.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

One of our scouting parties brought in to-day seven guerrillas, prisoners, captured on Sand Mountain, near Island Creek. They will be forwarded to you to-morrow.

FELIX PR. SALM,

Colonel.

DALTON, February 25, 1865.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

You will have to send another regiment here. We have not men sufficient to relieve the troops now here. They have 400 men at Tunnel Hill, and it requires 300 men daily at this post for picket and guard duty. We have not men sufficient to relieve our details of to-day. Have sent 100 men to the tunnel.

Yours, respectfully,

JOHN F. DOUGLASS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 145th Indiana.
HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, Ky., February 25, 1865. [Received 10.20 p.m.]

Honorable A. LINCOLN,President of the United States:

In obedience to your orders I have the honor to forward you the following copy of the order found on Colonel R. J. Breckinridge, of the rebel army:

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. WEST VIRGINIA, AND EAST TENNESSEE, No. 2. Wytheville, Va., January 6, 1865.

All officers and men now in Kentucky upon military service under authority other than that of the Secretary of War, are required to report to Robert J. Breckinridge, whose orders they are commanded to obey. All who have authority from the Secretary of War prior to April 4, 1864, or from these headquarters, whose time has expired, will report to their respective commands or these headquarters. All who fail to obey this order promptly will be at once reported to the existing authorities in Kentucky as not recognized by the Confederate Government as prisoners of war, if captured.

By command of Major-General Breckinridge:

J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, No. 4. Louisville, Ky., February 25, 1865.

Reliable evidence has reached these headquarters that emissaries of the rebel Government are engaged in recruiting for their exhausted armies in the State of Kentucky. Appeals are again made to the young men of the State to disregard their duty and risk their lives and honor in a wicked and desperate cause, while men who have deserted the rebel service, and are now peaceably at their homes, are required to

