
rejoin their commands, again encounter the perils of treason under the threatened penalty of betrayal to the Federal authorities, who, they are taught to believe, will treat them as outlaws and guerrillas.

To counteract these efforts to mislead the men who have, in good faith, deserted the rebel service, all deserters from the rebel armies now in this department will, within thirty days from date, report themselves to the provost-marshal of the district in which they reside for registry. And all persons who may hereafter desert from the rebel armies and come into this department will, within five days after their arrival, report themselves for the same purpose.

Provost-marshals will receive the report of all persons presenting themselves under this order, will register the names, age, residence, and the particular military organization from which they have deserted.

Such registry will be regarded by the military authorities of the department as a distinct renunciation of all further connection with the rebel Government and as entitling the registered person, who demeans himself as a peaceable citizen, to military protection.

Persons who refuse to present themselves for registry, as required by this order, will be understood as adhering to the rebel Government, and, if captured, will be treated as spies, guerrillas, or otherwise, according to the circumstances of the case.

By command of Major-General Palmer:

G. M. BASCOM,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 1. Fort Gaines, Ala., February 25, 1865.

I. In accordance with General Orders, No. 20, headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi,* I hereby assume command of the Thirteenth Army Corps.

II. The staff of the corps so far as selected is announced: Captain Alexander N. Shipley, U. S. Army, chief quartermaster: Captain John C. Palfrey, U. S. Engineers, assistant inspector-general and acting chief engineer; Captain Fred. W. Emery, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Stephen A. Cobb, U. S. Volunteers, chief commissary of subsistence: Surg. C. B. White, U. S. Volunteers, medical director; Captain G. W. Fox, Twenty-sixth New York Battery, chief of artillery; Captain J. J. Williamson, One hundred and twenty-eighth New York Volunteers, ordnance officer; Captain William L. Avery, U. S. Volunteers, aide-de-camp and judge-advocate; First Lieutenant Charles S. Sargent, Second Louisiana Volunteers, aide-de-camp. All requisitions for supplies for the command and all communications to these headquarters will be made through the chiefs of the proper staff departments. All reports called for by them will be promptly furnished either direct or through the regular military channel, as they may elect.

III. The following assignments to the command of divisions are made: First Division, Brigadier General J. C. Veatch, U. S. Volunteers; Second Division, Brigadier General C. C. Andrews, U. S. Volunteers; Third Division, Brigadier General W. P. Benton, U. S. Volunteers. Division staffs will be immediately organized in accordance with General Orders, No. 20, current series, headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi.*

GORDON GRANGER,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

---------------

*See Vol. XLVIII, Part I, p.891.

---------------

