
Orleans, and the cavalry to Vicksburg. The infantry have 3,000 animals and the cavalry about 5,500. These are all that have gone from my army.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, February 28, 1865-10.15 a.m. [Via Nashville, Tenn.]

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

The Forty-seventh Wisconsin and One hundred and eighty-fifth Ohio, both new infantry regiments, left their respective States yesterday for Nashville.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, February 28, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

The One hundred and forty-eighth Regiment Indiana Volunteers left the rendezvous this p.m., 810 strong. They will report to you.

H. B. CARRINGTON.

CARTHAGE, February 28, 1865.

General WHIPPLE:

A band of guerrillas pass quite often from a point on Obey River, some eight miles above Celina, going west. Their track is near the State line. How far they go west I am unable to say, but they generally pass beyond the Louisville and Nashville Railroad. The band numbers from fifteen to sixty men, or that has been the report for the last few months. They have different commanders. Sometimes Captain Benett, at others Major Jones or Magruder. For a long time they have not gone east of the point mentioned on Obey River. Generally on their return to Obey River they bring goods of various kinds and hide them away among the hills. Yesterday I had a long conversation with H. D. Johnson, of Overton. I know he is in communication with Hughes, Gatewood, and others. He has a son with the rebel Colonel Dibrell, formerly of Sparta. Johnson says the rebels will be in this section of country in considerable force late in the spring, or so soon as it shall seem the rivers will not rise suddenly and remain full any length of time. There is the same old evil disposition among the rebels, the same hate, but they fear more and hide. If any one doubts, let him become for a time a rebel and go among them, where he is not known to be other than what he seems.

Very respectfully,

J. D. HALE.

[FEBRUARY 28, 1865.-For General Orders, No. 29, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, promulgating act of Congress to prevent officers of the Army and Navy and other persons engaged in the military and naval service of the United States from interfering in elections in the States, see Vol. XLVI, Part II, p.728.]

