
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, No. 12. Nashville, Tenn., February 28, 1865.

The whole of the State of Tennessee, with Northern Alabama and Northern Georgia, being now included in the Department of the Cumberland, the following division of the territory into districts and subdistricts, with designations of the commands, is hereby announced:

I. All that portion of Tennessee lying west of the Tennessee River will be known as the District of West Tennessee, Major General C. C. Washburn commanding; headquarters at Memphis. The troops stationed in the District of West Tennessee will constitute the Third Division of the Department of the Cumberland.

II. Middle Tennessee and Northern Alabama, as far as Widow's Creek, near Bridgeport, on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, with all the lines of railroad and water communication therein, will constitute the District of Middle Tennessee, Major General L. H. Rousseau commanding; headquarters at Nashville. The Fourth Division of the Twentieth Army corps is discontinued, and the troops stationed in Middle Tennessee will constitute the First Division of the Department of the Cumberland. The District of Middle Tennessee will be subdivided as follows:

First. The line of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, from Decatur, Ala., to and including the block-house at Widow's Creek, near Bridgeport; the line of the Tennessee and Alabama Railroad, from Huntsville to and including Athens, Ala.; the Tennessee River from Bridgeport to Waterloo, at the foot of the Mussel Shoals, will constitute the District of Northern Alabama, Brigadier General R. S. Granger commanding; headquarters at Decatur, Ala.

Second. The line of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad,as far as but not including Stevenson, Ala., and adjacent country, will constitute the First Sub-District of Middle Tennessee, Major General R. H. Milroy commanding; headquarters at Tullahoma.

Third. The Tennessee and Alabama Railroad, from Nashville to, but not including, Athens, Ala., and adjacent country, will constitute the Second Sub District of Middle Tennessee, Brigadier General R. W. Johnson, U. S. Volunteers, commanding; headquarters at Pulaski, Tenn.

Fourth. The Nashville and Northwestern Railroad, including Johnsonville and adjacent country, will constitute the Third Sub-District of Middle Tennessee, Colonel C. R. Thompson, Twelfth U. S. Colored Troops, commanding; headquarters at Kingston Springs.

Fifth. The Louisville and Nashville Railroad, from Nashville to the Kentucky line, and the Cumberland River above Nashville, and including Hartsville and Carthage and adjacent country, will constitute the Fourth Sub-District of Middle Tennessee, Colonel James Gilfillan, Eleventh Minnesota Volunteers, commanding.

Sixth. The garrisons of Clarksville and Fort Donelson, and the line of the Edgefield and Clarksville Railroad, and adjacent country, will constitute the Fifth Sub-District of Middle Tennessee, Colonel A. A. Smith, Eighty-third Illinois Volunteers, commanding; headquarters at Clarksville.

Seventh. The garrison and post of Nashville will remain as at present organized and designated, except so far as it may be affected by the discontinuance of the Fourth Division of the Twentieth Army Corps.

III. The Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, from and including Bridgeport, Ala., to Chattanooga; the Western and Atlantic Railroad as far south as garrisoned by U. S. troops; the East Tennessee and

50 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

