
Georgia Railroad, from Chattanooga to the Hiawassee River, will constitute the District of the Etowah, Major General J. B. Steedman, U. S. Volunteers, commanding; headquarters at Chattanooga. The troops of the District of the Etowah will constitute the Second Division of the Department of the Cumberland.

IV. East Tennessee, with the line of the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad, and the Tennessee and Virginia Railroad, as far as garrisoned by U. S. troops, will constitute the District of East Tennessee.

Cumberland Gap belongs to the Department of Kentucky, and the troops now stationed there belonging to the Department of the Cumberland will be withdrawn as soon as they can be replaced by troops from the Department of Kentucky. Major General George Stoneman commands the District of East Tennessee; headquarters at Knoxville. The infantry of the District of East Tennessee will constitute the Fourth Division of the Department of the Cumberland, Brigadier-General Tillson commanding; and the cavalry of that district, the First Cavalry Division of the Department of the Cumberland, Brigadier General A. C. Gillem commanding.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD-ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, No. 53. Nashville, Tenn., February 28, 1865.

*			*			*			*			*

VI. Company D, First Illinois Light Artillery, is hereby relieved from duty at the post of Nashville, Tenn., and assigned to the post of Clarksville, Tenn., reporting to the commanding officer thereof for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

*			*			*			*			*

X. The brigade of the Sixth Division of cavalry now at Edgefield will rejoin its division at Pulaski. The commanding general of the division will from time to time send such portions of his command as require a remount to this place by single regiments, when he is informed by Major Chambliss that horses are ready for them. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Gravelly Springs, Ala., February 28, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Dept.of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: The Tennessee River has risen thirty feet in four days. It is over its banks and not yet falling. It is impossible to cross any troops at present. Everything is ready, but the boots and underclothing have not yet arrived. As soon as the water subsides we will push to the crossing and lose no time.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

