
place will be charged with the defenses of its garrison, and the protection of the railroad and garrison between Dalton and Ringgold, including Ringgold.

By command of Major-General Steedman:

S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE, No. 50. Nashville, Tenn., February 28, 1865.

I. The One hundred and forty-third Indiana Volunteer Infantry, having reported to these headquarters, will proceed by rail to Murfreesborough and report to Brigadier-General Van Cleve, commanding at that place.

II. The One hundred and fifty-fourth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, having reported to these headquarters, will proceed to Murfreesborough by rail, and report to Brigadier-General Van Cleve. The regimental transportation, if any, will be sent by pike under small escort.

III. The One hundred and forty-eighth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, having reported to these headquarters, will proceed by rail to Tullahoma, and report to Major-General Milroy, commanding on Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Major-General Rousseau:

B. H. POLK,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND GAP, February 28, 1865.

Brigadier-General TILLSON,

Commanding:

Lieutenant Jennings has just returned from near Rogersville, where he has been on flag of truce for General Palmer. He reports concentration of large rebel force near Abingdon for raid below Knoxville.

W. C. BARTLETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

U. S. STEAMER HASTINGS, Off Hickman, Ky., February 28, 1865.

Commander ANDREW BRYSON,

Commanding Eighth District:

SIR: I respectfully beg leave to report to you a raid made upon this place yesterday in the absence of the gun-boat by a party of guerrillas said to belong to Quantrill's command. They came in about 10 a.m., commenced plundering the stores and dwelling houses, abusing and beating the citizens, women and children included, shooting at them, compelling them to give up the money in their possession; set fire to their buildings, one of which was entirely burnt up; remained in town until 4 p.m., leaving on the appearance of the Hastings coming up the river. They carried with them a large amount of money, supplies, and whisky, the latter articles having been landed recently from transports. I have been informed that whenever the gun-boat is absent there

