
are always from five to thirty rebels in the town. They are enticed here principally by the large amount of goods landed and permitted from Cairo. It has been the custom of persons living in the western part of Tennessee to go to Cairo, purchase goods, have them permitted to some point in Kentucky, usually Hickman and Watson's Landing-the former only five miles, the latter half a mile from the State line- and carry them to Tennessee. These people informed me that the question is never asked at Cairo whether they live in Kentucky or Tennessee. I am also informed that nearly all the goods landed at this point are sold in Tennessee, which, by the military regulations, is prohibited, unless received in exchange for cotton. The trade and travel to this point is very extensive. One boat landed &amp;25,000 worth of goods, nearly all of which went to Tennessee, permitted for Kentucky from Cairo.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. WATSON,

Acting Volunteer Lieutenant, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, February 28, 1865-4.30 p.m. [Received 6 p.m. March 8.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Chief of Staff, &c., Washington, D. C.:

It has stormed almost incessantly for the last three weeks, and the movement of troops and supplies has, in consequence, been greatly delayed. I have seized and sent to Mobile Bay all the Mississippi steamers that could make the voyage with any degree of safety, but have still an insufficient number for as prompt movements as were desired. This difficulty would in great measure have been avoided if the light-draft, sea-going steamers, for which requisitions were made three months ago, could have been furnished. I expect to commence operations at Mobile on the 5th proximo. Cavalry demonstrations will be made from Baton Rouge, Vicksburg, and Memphis in co-operation. General Thomas will co-operate by a cavalry movement in the direction of Corinth. A cavalry force from Pensacola, supported by a considerable infantry force, will advance to destroy the Mobile and Montgomery road between Pollard and Evergreen. If the severe rains have extended to the upper country, it may interfere with the cavalry operations that have been ordered.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, Tenn., February 28, 1865-9 p.m. [Received March 11.]

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

New Orleans, La.:

Your telegram of the 22nd is just received. Major-General Wilson will march from Eastport, with 10,000 cavalry, about the 5th of March; threaten the Mobile and Ohio Railroad as far south as Columbus, Miss.; do as much damage as he can, and, whilst occupying the enemy about Columbus, will suddenly throw his force in the direction of Selma and

