SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 2. Fort Gaines, Ala., February 28, 1865.

*			*			*			*			*

3. Upon the recommendation of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews, commanding the division, Lieutenant Colonel Warren S. Dungan, Thirty-fourth Iowa Volunteer Infantry, is assigned to duty as acting assistant inspector-general Second Division, Thirteenth Army Corps.

*			*			*			*			*

By order of Major-General Granger:

F. W. EMERY,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 24. New Orleans, La., February 28, 1865.

The field allowance of ambulances, wagons, and tents for hospital purposes will be as follows: Of ambulances, one to each 400 men of infantry or cavalry, one to each battery of artillery [to which it shall be permanently attached], two to the headquarters of the army and of army corps. To each division train of ambulances, three army wagons will be allowed for transportation of hospital tents and mess chests. Ambulance corps will be organized as far as practicable, in accordance with the act of Congress, republished in General Orders, No. 38, 1864, from these headquarters. Hospital tents for divisions will be allowed at the rate of one tent for each 600 men, to be used only in division hospital organizations, under direction of the surgeon in charge. Smaller independent commands will observe the same organizations as regards hospitals and ambulance corps as are prescribed for divisions.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, La., February 28, 1865.

Rear-Admiral S. P. LEE,

Commanding Mississippi Squadron, Mound City, Ill.:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 16th instant, informing me that two iron-clads and four tin-clads have been ordered by you to report to Commodore Palmer. These vessels have not yet arrived, but when they come I have no doubt that their services will realize all our anticipations. The late severe rains in this region have interfered very materially with the movement of troops. It is now bright and dry weather, and if it continues so we may hope soon to be able to go to work, with fair prospects of good success. Reports recently received from Mobile concur in the statement that a number of armed launches have been sent in the direction of Jackson, Miss., with the evident design of interfering with shipping on the river, or perhaps with the intention of covering the transfer of rebel troops from the west side of the river. I have given due notice to divisional commanders of your squadron between Red River and Memphis. During my absence I have authorized Generals Hurlbut

