
numerous other duties required of them prevents me to scour the country more frequently, which should be done almost every day to exterminate the bushwhackers now infesting this neighborhood, and who always commit their depredations when they know my men are otherwise employed.

I have the honor, general, to remain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. MATZDORFF,

Lieutenant Colonel Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Veteran Vols., Commanding Post.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,

Commanding Defenses on Tennessee and Alabama Railroad.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Pulaski, Tenn., February 12, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded for information of the major-general commanding the District of Tennessee.

I shall increase the mounted force at Franklin by 100 men.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Franklin, Tenn., February 20, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that immediately on receipt of the information that the train had been attacked by guerrillas on the 16th instant, I ordered a party of fifty mounted men, under command of Captains Kolomb and Hoffmann, to the pursuit of the gang. After scouring the county pretty thoroughly to beyond Duck River, the expedition returned on the afternoon of the 19th instant, having succeeded inn killing two most notorious desperadoes, named Nathan Eazell and-Lyons, and recapturing two horses and one mule that were stolen from this post. The accompanying letter* was found on the person of Lyons, while Eazell, one of Forrest's original cutthroats, had in his pocket the also inclosed pass and oath of amnesty.* Eazell was also recognized as one of the gang who preyed in the vicinity of Hollow Tree Gap some ten days ago, and who robbed Mr. Brown, telegraph repairer. Every honest and peaceable resident of this neighborhood will feel a great that the daring career of these outlaws has thus been terminated. Major Smith, of the Eighth Michigan Cavalry, who left here with his command this morning, will report to you in due time, and on the way to Pulaski have lookout for the bushwhackers that infest the country about Duck River. In conclusion, I would most respectfully request you to have Captain Hoffman and command remain here for some time yet, as only the utmost vigilance and constant scouring of the country will rid the same of the bushwhackers that now infest it; but with the assistance of Captain Hoffmann and his men I flatter myself to make this place a little too hot for bushwhackers.

I have the honor, general, to remain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. MATZDORFF,

Lieutenant, Colonel 75th Pennsylvania Veteran Vol. Infantry., Commanding Post.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,

Commanding Defenses on Tennessee and Alabama Railroad.

Omitted as unimportant.

