
Counting on deduction of four men lost, and twenty-eight men must have been dismounted, taking the reports as previously shown. This, however, is not true. In my opinion not one man walked into Memphis, unless to rest his horse. I am impressed with the belief that company officers cover deficiencies in horses by overestimates of losses on return from long scouts. This subject needs examination, and I have commenced it in my command. This report has been delayed on account of it, and is defective yet. Sixteen prisoners were delivered to provost-marshal.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. C. SHANKS,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, Cavalry Division,

District of West Tennessee, and Commanding late Expedition.

Captain E. J. MEYERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Hugh Cameron, Second Arkansas Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARKANSAS CAVALRY,Memphis, Tenn., March 13, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 3rd instant, with 300 men of the Second Arkansas Cavalry, at about 6 a. m., I reported to the officer commanding Cavalry Division, my command resting on Main street near the park, and was ordered by said officer to move out on Jefferson street half a mile, halt, and wait for further orders. At 8 a. m. was placed in command of the First Brigade, 1,018 enlisted men, properly officered - Seventh Indiana, 370, commanded by Major Simonson, Seventh Indiana Cavalry; Fifth Illinois, 348, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Seley, Fifth Illinois Cavalry; Second Arkansas, 300, commanded by Captain O'Brien, Second Arkansas Cavalry - and marched, with said brigade in advance, to Germantown, where I encamped. Distance, fifteen miles. march 4, 1865, subsistence and forage were drawn and the march continued twelve miles, via Collierville. March 5, 1865, march continued twenty-five miles, via Mount Pleasant and Lamar. March 6, 1865, the brigade in advance, marched to Ripley, via Salem, distance, thirty-eight miles. At this point (Ripley) my advance encountered and dispersed a party of rebels, capturing several stand of arms, some animals, and three prisoners. On the 7th instant a detachment from the brigade, comprising the Fifth Illinois Cavalry, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Seley, was ordered out to destroy the Mobile and Ohio Railroad from Booneville to Baldwyn. For particulars of the scout see report of Lieutenant-Colonel Seley accompanying, marked B.* On the 8th instant a detachment from the brigade, comprising 100 enlisted men of the Seventh Indiana Cavalry and 100 of the Second Arkansas Cavalry, properly officered, commanded by Major Simonson, Seventh Indiana Cavalry, was ordered out on the Guntown road. For particulars of this scout see report of Major Simonson accompanying, marked A.+ On the 9th the brigade marched to Saulsbury, thirty-five miles; on the 10th to [Soho's] farm, via Grand Junction and La Grange, crossing Wolf River at the latter

---------------

* See p. 81.

+ Not found.

---------------

