
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 54. Nashville, Tenn., March 1, 1865.

* * * * * *

XII. Batteries F and G, First Minnesota Heavy Artillery, will proceed to Chattanooga and report to the commanding officer of the post, for duty with the garrison thereof.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, March 1, 1865.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the department directs me to request that while stationed at Huntsville you will confine yourself to the command of the Fourth Army Corps and not supersede or interfere with the commanding generals of the Districts of Tennessee or Northern Alabama in the exercise of their authority as such commanders, and that you will abstain from all administration upon civil affairs, except so far as it may be necessary to control the selling of liquor in Huntsville or such other matters necessary to preserve the discipline of your command. The officers named have been assigned to the command of their districts, with power to settle all questions arising with the people or refer them to these headquarters for decision, while you were ordered there with your corps for the purpose of preparing it for a speedy resumption of active operations.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, March 1, 1865-8 a.m.

(Via Johnsonville and Eastport.)

Major General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Miss., Gravelly Springs, Ala.:

The following telegram, just received from Major General E. R. S. Canby, is forwarded for your information.* Major-General Canby has been informed that your expedition will start from Eastport about the 5th instant, the same time his cavalry force will leave Vicksburg. The major-general commanding desires that you will commence your movement at the time specified above. Your cipher operator should accompany you, so that if you wish to communicate either with General Canby or the major-general commanding you can do so in cipher.

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Canby to Thomas, February 22, p. 757.

---------------

