
place, twenty-five miles, and on the 11th, the brigade in advance, marched to Memphis, via Collierville and Germantown, capturing two bushwhackers, who fired upon the advance just outside of the pickets.

Animals captured and abandoned by brigade.

Captured. Abandoned.

 Horses.	 Mules.	 Horses.	 Mules.

7th Indiana	 3	 3	 7	 1

Cavalry

5th Illinois	 5	 8	 20	 ...

Cavalry

2nd Arkansas	 8	 5	 12	 ...

Cavalry

No casualties.

I have the honor to be, &amp; c.,

HUGH CAMERON,

Lieutenant Colonel Second Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding First Brigade.

Colonel J. P. C. SHANKS,

Commanding Cavalry Division, in the Field.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Abel H. Seley, Fifth Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Memphis, Tenn., March 12, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor herewith to report the part taken by this command during the late expedition into the State of Mississippi: After arriving at Ripley, on the 6th of March, instant, I was ordered to proceed with my regiment and fifty men of the Fourth Illinois Cavalry (leaving packs and disabled horses) and march to Booneville on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, destroy the same from that point south to Baldwyn, and then return on the Baldwyn road so as to arrive at Ripley by 12 m. of the third day. I moved from camp at 6 a. m. on the 7th and arrived at Booneville, a distance of thirty-five miles, at 4.30 p. m. of the same day. I found the road very bad, and at the crossing of the East Hatchie nearly impassable, a recent heavy rain having flooded the swampy bottom, and washed the road entirely away. On arriving at Booneville I learned that the railroad track had washed away at points both above and below, and that it would require some time to repair it. I was also fully convinced that the railroad was operated under a flag of truce, and only for the purpose of carrying supplies to needy citizens living north of Booneville, and that no Confederate supplies nor Confederate troops were permitted to be carried over the road. This arrangement was in consequence of an agreement entered into between General Thomas, commanding Union forces, and General Forrest, commanding rebel forces. Under these circumstances I did not feel justified in destroying the road, and, as I was informed that the Baldwyn road was impassable, I returned by the same road that I moved out on, camped two miles from Booneville, started on the morning of the 8th at 5.30, arriving at Ripley at 5 p. m. same day. During the day gave chase to three mounted rebels, capturing two of them. I could hear of no force of rebels nearer than Tupelo, where Forrest was said to be.

6 R R - VOL XLIX, PT I

