
result of military operations. The same rule will be followed with regard to Pensacola, which may become an important auxiliary base of operations. The proclamation of the President making it a free port and market for products has not been made effective by the appointment of the necessary Treasury officer, and I have refused permits and clearances except for Army and Navy supplies, and no trade or intercourse will be allowed pending military operations in its neighborhood.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., March 1, 1865.

(Via Cairo. Received 8th.)

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville:

The incessant rains we have had have had for the last month, and which show no signs of abatement, make it impracticable to carry into effect the projected expedition from Vicksburg. I have ordered Knipe's cavalry down here, but the main movement from Mobile Bay and the other co-operative movement which I referred to in my telegraph of the 22nd of February will take place, with the modifications necessary in consequence of the withdrawal of the cavalry from Vicksburg. I send you this information in order that you may make such modifications in your own operations as you may deem necessary.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., March 1, 1865. (Received 6th.)

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Memphis:

In consequence of the late severe rain-storms, which show no signs of abatement, the intended expedition from Vicksburg must be given up, and I have ordered Knipe's cavalry down to this place, and I send you this information in order that your instructions for the movement from Memphis may be modified accordingly, and the troops committed no farther than is necessary and practicable under the circumstances.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., March 2, 1865.

Captain A. MORDECAI,

Chief Ordnance Officer, Department of the Cumberland:

CAPTAIN: In accordance with your request I have the honor herewith to transmit a list of new regiments lately arrived within the department; also the places to which they have been assigned, and the number and paragraph of special field orders assigning them: One hundred and forty-seventh Illinois Volunteer Infantry, ordered to Chattanooga to report to General Steedman, Special Field Orders, Numbers 50, paragraph

