
XXI; One hundred and forty-eighth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, ordered to report to Major-General Milroy, Special Field Orders, Numbers 52, paragraph IV; One hundred and forty-ninth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, ordered to Chattanooga to report to Major-General Steedman, Special Field Orders, Numbers 43, paragraph XII; One hundred and fiftieth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, ordered to Bridgeport to report to Major-General Steedman, Special Field Orders, Numbers 46, paragraph XII; One hundred and fifty-second Illinois Volunteer Infantry, ordered to report to Major-General Milroy, Special Field Orders, Numbers 50, paragraph XX; One hundred and fifty-fourth Illinois Volunteers, ordered to report to Major-General Milroy, Special Field Orders, Numbers 52, paragraph VII; One hundred and forty-third Indiana Volunteer Infantry, ordered to report to Major-General Milroy, Special Field Orders, Numbers 52, paragraph VIII; One hundred and forty-fifth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, ordered to Chattanooga to report to Major-General Steedman, Special Field Orders, Numbers 47, paragraph IV; One hundred and eighty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, ordered to report to Major-General Milroy, Special Field Orders, Numbers 52, paragraph XI; Forty-fifth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, assigned to Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Twentieth Army Corps, Special Field Orders, Numbers 45, paragraph XV.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 13. Nashville, Tenn., March 2, 1865.

I. In order to aid the people of Tennessee in their efforts to restore the laws of the State, it is hereby ordered that the court-houses and jails in the counties of Montgomery, Robertson, Sumner, Smith, Mason, and Jackson, in which civil courts have been organized, be immediately turned over to the sheriffs of those counties. Also, that the court-houses and jails which may be occupied in any other counties of the State, in which courts may be organized hereafter, shall be turned over, in like manner, upon notification being given to the military commander of the district in which they are located of such organization by the constituted civil authorities.

II. Major General C. C. Washburn, U. S. Volunteers, is, in accordance with orders from the Headquarters of the Armies of the United States, assigned to the command of the District of West Tennessee; headquarters at Memphis.

By command of Major General George H. Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Gravelly Springs, March 2, 1865. (Received 7th.)

Captain R. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Raining again here. River still over its banks and not falling. Mobile paper of 16th says: Part of rebel Army of Tennessee, probably Lee's corps, at Demopolis. Canby had evidently not begun to move when Colonel Parkhurst left Rienzi.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

