
KNOXVILLE, March 2, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS:

Your dispatch received. There is no considerable force of the enemy moving toward Bull's Gap or in East Tennessee. Deserters who left Vaughn's command in Southwest Virginia Sunday last state that he was about moving to Salisbury, N. C., to repel a threatened raid on that place. This is confirmed by reliable Union men just in from upper East Tennessee. Our force occupy the railroad only to Strawberry Plains. We have large foraging party near mouth French Broad River.

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 6. Louisville, Ky., March 2, 1865.

Colonel Eli H. Murray, now in this department, is directed to assume command of all the troops in the Second Military District of Kentucky, with his headquarters at such point as he may select. Major Wolfley, of the same regiment, now in this department, will report to Colonel Murray for duty. The quartermaster and commissary departments will supply the troops under Colonel Murray's command, upon requisitions approved by him. Colonel Murray will break up the cavalry posts in the part of Kentucky occupied by his troops, and establish such posts as he may judge necessary for the defense of the country and for the supply of his mounted force, to be held by infantry; and will, with his cavalry, energetically pursue and destroy the guerrillas and robbers who intent the country. It is particularly enjoined that discipline be enforced, and pillaging and disorder amongst the troops be prevented by the employment of all proper means. All prisoners will be sent to these headquarters, and other than prisoners of war, with charge and names of witnesses.

By command of Major-General Palmer:

J. P. WATSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 6. Louisville, Ky., March 2, 1865.

* * * * *

9. The commanding officer One hundred and eighty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry will proceed at once with his regiment to Eminence, Ky., and from that point report by telegraph to Brigadier General E. H. Hobson, commanding First Division, Department of Kentucky, Lexington, Ky. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation by railroad.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Palmer:

J. P. WATSON,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

