HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., March 2, 1865.

Major G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kentucky:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith special report of my command of this date (aggregate effective strength 3,384 men) serving at at different points in my division: My mounted force is inadequate to perform the duties required of them, there being only 448 mounted men to protect all the country east of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad to the Tennessee and Virginia State line, down the Ohio River to Louisville. Quite a number of the troops serving in my command have just been organized, and are in consequence undisciplined. I have time after time asked and made requisition for horses and horse equipments, which have not been furnished by the proper departments. For immediate use and for the purpose of repelling invasion I require 3,000 horses and horse equipments, and if they are not furnished very soon I fear we may have great trouble; if not by the enemy in force, by marauders, guerrillas, and partisan bands which are now giving me great trouble, no means or facilities having been furnished me to prevent and counteract their operations and movements. I am satisfied that rebel troops under command of General Basil Duke, and in considerable force, are now concentrating at Abingdon, Va. I am satisfied also, from information accidentally obtained from parties accompanying flag of truce in charge of rebel Colonel Howard Smith, that it is the intention of General Basil Duke to invade Kentucky at an early period. If we do not put ourselves in readiness, and that very speedily, we may expect great destruction and loss of property to the citizens of Kentucky, besides materially changing the military situation. I trust that the general commanding will immediately have me furnished with everything necessary in the way of horses, horse equipments, and arms, that I may without delay have my command in condition to concentrate them and meet any apprehended raid or invasion on the part of the enemy. I desire very much to be in readiness for any emergency.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., March 2, 1865.

Brigadier-General HOBSON:

The guerrillas are again active on the Lebanon railroad. Can't we do something? The One hundred and eighty-fifth Ohio, 900 strong, are subject to your orders.

J. M. PALMER,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., March 2, 1865.

Colonel MIMS,

Louisa, Ky.:

Keep scouts out in the direction of Pound Gap. Advise me of movement of enemy. Am satisfied rebels are concentrating at Abingdon and other points. It is important that you be vigilant and keep your command in hand for emergency.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

52 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

