HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., March 2, 1865.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I send you a copy of a telegram just received.* I do not apprehend that these rams will ever reach Mobile Bay, but we must of course be prepared for any desperate expedient that may be adopted by the rebels. Admiral Thatcher sends over his instructions to Captain Greene by the Glasgow this evening. I will come over myself to remain on Saturday. In the meantime any assistance that may be needed will be furnished to the extent of your ability. Navy will not be ready before the middle of next week. The heavy storms that we have had have extended up the river and rendered the country south of Vicksburg impenetrable, and I have ordered the cavalry to this place for transfer to the neighborhood of Mobile. We are now getting transportation in hand, and will be able to have everything over in season if we have reasonably fair weather.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST FLORIDA AND SOUTH ALABAMA,Fort Gaines, Ala., March 2, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward, for the information of the commanding general, an official copy of a confidential letter of instructions this day sent Major General F. Steele, commanding U. S. forces, Pensacola Bay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST FLORIDA AND SOUTH ALABAMA,Fort Gaines, Ala., March 2, 1865.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Pensacola Bay, Fla.:

GENERAL: I desire you, without delay, to order Brigadier General C. C. Andrews, with his two brigades of the Thirteenth Army Corps, to occupy the town of Pensacola. A small force of cavalry-say 150- should accompany his command. The object of this movement is to repair one of the wharves at that point as speedily as possible, for the purpose of landing the cavalry there upon its arrival from New Orleans, and also to form a depot for railroad material, workmen, &amp;c., for opening the railroad to Pollard. Locomotives, cars, rails, workmen, &c., have been ordered from the North to Pensacola, and are expected to arrive soon, hence the necessity for repairing the wharves, store-houses, &c., at an early date. The central wharf is most easily repaired, and you will please direct your quartermaster to furnish the necessary material, and also instruct General Andrews to push forward the work

*See Halleck to Canby, February 23, p. 761.

