
on the wharf with great vigor. By holding Pensacola much smuggling will be prevented, and constant intercourse with the enemy-by which they obtain early and accurate information of all our movements-cut off. From this date until our march commences all egress through the lines from Pensacola and Barrancas should be suspended, except for military purposes. All sail-boats, fishing smacks, &amp;c., plying in Pensacola Bay, should be diligently watched, and not allowed to ascend the bay above Pensacola. Smugglers, traders, hucksters, and the like should be kept away from Pensacola for the present. I think it perhaps advisable to send the pontoon train to Pensacola. The boats, chess, planks, balks, &c., can be towed around by steamers, and the wagons sent by land as soon as the mules arrive.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 8. New Orleans, La., March 2, 1865.

* * * * *

VI. The Sixth Minnesota Infantry Volunteers is hereby assigned to the Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, and will forthwith report to Brigadier General K. Garrard, commanding division, for orders.

VII. The Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers is hereby assigned to the Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, and will forthwith report to Brigadier General K. Garrard, commanding division, for orders.

By command of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Memphis, Tenn., March 2, 1865.

Colonel E. D. OSBAND,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Department of the Mississippi:

COLONEL: By direction of the major-general commanding, I have the honor to convey to you the following instructions: You will proceed to-morrow morning with all your effective force of cavalry in the direction of Grenada for the purpose of making a demonstration to distract the attention of the enemy from operations which are ordered from Vicksburg and elsewhere, and for the purpose of destroying his railroad and telegraph lines, and of otherwise inflicting on him as much damage as possible. The following general instructions will govern you, but they will be varied by you according to the necessity of the case from circumstances as they arise: Moving out by the State Line road as far as Collierville or La Fayette, as you may elect, you will leave such guards as you consider necessary at points along the road, and will establish a base at the railroad terminus, and from there either go yourself or (as your health is believed to render that unadvisable) send your second in command on the 5th instant, with not less than 3,000 effective men, toward Grenada, via Wyatt, New Albany, or a point farther west. It is uncertain whether the enemy is in any force north of Columbus; but it will be your object to induce him to bring up his forces from below, and if a fair opportunity offers to

