
ing to the troops of the Fifth Division, Brigadier-General Hatch will cause the Spencer carines of his division to be delivered to Brigadier-General Croxton, commanding First Division, Cavalry Corps, together with the ammunition for the same, and will receive in exchange a corresponding number of such arms, with ammunition, as are possessed by that portion of General Croxton's command with which the exchange is made.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 4, 1865.

Major General J. B. STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga:

About what time will the Provisional Division start for General Sherman's command? I ask for information merely.

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, March 4, 1865.

Major S. HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The Provisional Division of General Cruft's command is ready to move on the receipt of orders from the major-general commanding department.

JAS. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 7. Louisville, Ky., March 4, 1865.

The post commandant of Louisville will at once suppress all slavepens and other private establishments for the confinement of persons in the city, and will discharge persons confined. He will report the execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Palmer:

J. P. WATSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND MIL. DIST. OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 3. Russellville, Ky., March 4, 1865.

As a matter of grave importance not only to the troops but to the welfare of the State, the colonel commanding in assuming command within this district desires fully to impress and enjoin upon the officers the necessity of strict discipline and subordination on the part of the troops. In many cases the actions of Federal officers here have been disgraceful, bringing discredit not only upon themselves and the regiments to which they belong, but also unnecessary seizure of horses and property of all kinds, and by the unwarranted abuse of good citizens. These are positively forbidden, and can not and will not be tolerated. While it is expected that with care and precision and judgment all orders will be carried into effect and the interest of the State and Fed-

