
eral Government earnestly guarded, at the same time these unwarranted acts of officers and soldiers must cease. The practice of commanding officers sending out scouting parties without rations for so long has been indulged in as to have become a tax upon the people and an injury to the soldiers. Supplies must in every instance be carried with expeditions, and the soldiers not allowed to waste them, with the knowledge that they will be allowed to eat in private houses. Officers actually commanding troops both at posts and on active duty are required to remain with their commands. The habit of boarding at private houses so much indulged in has resulted in much harm. The safety of camp should not be intrusted to patrol guards. Picket-lines should be established and at night invariably held. Loyal citizens have a right to claim our protection, which should be cheerfully given them. Those disloyal or, in other words, at enmity with the Federal Government, have no proper abiding place within Kentucky; therefore those found in active sympathy with the enemies of the Federal Government must be sent within the narrow scope of the enemy's lines. Officers will be held strictly accountable for the proper executions of all orders and the conduct of their respective commands. Any depredations committed by them will be ferreted out and the officer found guilty dismissed the service. It is earnestly desired that both officers and soldiers will be energetic and watchful, and ever bear themselves in such a manner as to merit the approbation of their superiors, and demand the good will and co-operation of all good and loyal citizens, and with this co-operation, which certainly is expected on the part of all citizens with the military authorities, we may confidently expect that the lawless and roving bands which now infest the country will soon be either annihilated or expelled, and prosperity again reign within the borders of Kentucky.

E. H. MURRAY,

Colonel Third Kentucky Cavalry, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, March 4, 1865.

Colonel A. DUNCAN,

Seventy-second U. S. Colored Infantry, Covington, Ky.:

You will retain command of Covington and Newport until further orders.

By command of Major-General Palmer:

J. P. WATSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Brigadier-General Hobson, Lexington.)

LEXINGTON, KY., March 4, 1865.

Major MAHONEY,

Commanding Lebanon, Ky.:

I have ordered two companies of One hundred and eighty-fifth Ohio Infantry to relieve your two companies at Lebanon. When you are relieved, move with your men and protect Lebanon Branch Railroad. Scout country thoroughly on line of railroad.

By order of Brigadier-General Hobson:

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

