
The property captured by the brigade is as follows, viz:

 Horses.	 Mules.

12th Illinois	 9	 10

Cavalry

1st Iowa Cavalry	 2	 8

11th New York	 7	 7

Cavalry

Total	 18	 25

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. DAVIS,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Colonel J. P. C. SHANKS,

Commanding, &amp; c.

Numbers 5. Report of Captain Oliver Grosvenor, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. TWELFTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY VOLUNTEERS,SECOND BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,

Memphis, Tenn., March 12, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the regiment under my command in the recent expedition into the interior under command of Colonel Shanks:

The Twelfth Illinois Cavalry Volunteers marched with the brigade at 6.30 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd instant; proceeded to Germantown, Tenn., and camped; remained there until the afternoon of the 4th; drew ten days' rations; marched to Collierville, a distance of eleven miles, and camped; marched at 7 a. m. 5th instant, and camped at Lamar. On the 6th marched to Ripley, Miss., and went into camp. 7th, remained at Ripley and sent party of thirty men, under Lieutenant Pratt, to New Albany, twenty miles distant, on a scout, who returned the same night. Remained at Ripley the 8th instant, doing picket duty. 9th instant, marched at 7 a. m. and returned to Memphis, reaching camp at 11.30 p. m. on the 11th instant. On the march from Germantown to Collierville, on the 4th instant, three men of C company were captured by bushwhackers; one of them has since escaped and returned to camp. He reports that the other two were murdered by their captors. During the expedition the regiment lost and abandoned 14 horses and 6 mules, and captured 9 horses and 10 mules. The regiment also captured 5 prisoners, one of them being a captain.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. GROSVENOR,

Captain, Commanding Twelfth Illinois Cavalry Volunteers.

Colonel H. DAVIS,

Commanding Second Brigade.

