
Accompanying this report are submitted copies of statements from deserters and refugees at Barrancas, Fla. The attention of the commanding general is particularly called to the statement of Adam Hollinger, sergeant, First Alabama Cavalry, and Lieutenant-Colonel Spurling, Second Maine Cavalry.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.

[Inclosures.]

Statement of Sergt. John J. Strickland, First Florida Cavalry.

FEBRUARY 16, 1865.

Just returned from Cow Ford, on the Choctawhatchee River, Washington County, Fla.; states that there are two pickets at Miller's, on Holmes Creek; three at Douglas[ville]; one company of cavalry at Hickory Hill; one company of cavalry at Marianna, and one piece of artillery at Marianna. He saw some of the deserters from the First Florida Cavalry, who stated they would return if pardoned. He heard that there was a company of Union men drilling in Holmes County, thirty strong, in command of Judge Jewett.

Statement of Captain Dycus, who came within our lines this day.

FEBRUARY 16, 1865.

Left Milton on the 14th of February; saw Dr. Jones and Mr. Creigler same date; they left Mobile the 12th instant. They say they are running cotton and corn out of Mobile, which looks as though they intend to evacuate the place. All of General Hood's army, with the exception of one division, has passed through Pollard on their way to South Carolina. The remainder of the division intend to pass through in about two weeks. Hood's army is in a very demoralized condition, and his men are deserting in large numbers. Clothing and rations scarce. There are now stationed at the head of Pond Creek, eight miles distant from Milton, 130 men under the command of Captain Keyser; 100 are mounted, the remainder dismounted; are expecting a re-enforcement of seventy men. The streams or creeks are very much swollen by recent rains. The force at Pollard consists of about 2,000 men, infantry, cavalry, and artillery, under command of General Clanton.

Statement of Perry Ryales, from Mobile, Ala.

FEBRUARY 16, 1865.

I am a shoemaker by trade, and having been exempt from the military service from disability and age, continued my trade during the war, thus supporting my family of wife and seven children. Left Mobile Tuesday morning, the 14th instant, at 7 o'clock; went by steam to Tensas Landing, and from there by railroad to Pollard, arriving there at 3 p.m. I left the town in the evening, and following the Pensacola Railroad arrived at Pensacola this forenoon at 9 o'clock, from whence I was sent here by the commander of the guard ship. Mobile is garrisoned at present by one brigade of infantry from Hood's army, numbering from 1,500 to 2,000 men; a city battalion of home guards,

---------------

*For Spurling's report see p. 49.

---------------

