
Does not know the strength of the present force at Mobile and Pollard, but was told that they are continually moving Government property from Mobile toward Montgomery, and that the rebels are fortifying Selma and Greenville. Best road from Pensacola to Stockton and Blakely: From Pensacola you have to take the old stage road. The first good camping ground is at Twelve-Mile Station (Widow Waters'), with good water, and the second at Fifteen-Mile Station, with good water; the third is at Mrs. Latkin's, Twenty-Mile Station, with good water. Two miles above Latkin's house you leave the main road, taking the left road for Williams Station. The fourth camping ground is at McCastle's place, with plenty of water, twenty-seven miles from Pensacola. The fifth camping ground is at the head of Little Pine Barren, thirty-one miles from Pensacola. The sixth camping ground is at Port Williams, with a mill and good water, thirty-nine miles. Nine miles farther is Williams Station, on the Mobile and Pollard road (forty-eight miles). Here, after crossing the railroad, you take the road to the left, three miles to And. Hall's plantation (fifty-one miles), where there is good water. Three miles farther (fifty-four miles) is Manak's place (his son is in the First Florida Cavalry); no water. Ten miles to Widow McKay's; good camping ground and water (sixty-four miles). Three miles to Waterford's place (sixty-seven miles). From Waterford's to Stockton, on the Tensas River, is twenty miles (eighty-seven miles); good road, but not much water, except eight miles this side of Stockton, where there are many springs beyond a high ridge. From Stockton to Tensas Landing, the terminus of the railroad, is twelve miles; abundance of water (ninety-nine miles). From Tensas Landing to Blakely is twelve miles; good road and several streams (111 miles). Given by Nicholas Roucher, living next to Lexanier's. Another road is from Port Williams. Take the road to the left to Andrew Hall's plantation; to the Perdido River twelve miles, where a crossing can be safely made, but the country becomes more hilly and not well adapted to the heavy wagons. The road continues in distance from one to three miles from the railroad to Tensas Landing, but it is very dangerous for heavy wagons.

Statement of Thomas Morgan, of Woolsey.

FEBRUARY 21, 1865.

There was at Pollard, Ala., last Saturday evening a part of one regiment under the command of a major; there are also at Bluff Springs about forty men, who do picket duty as far down as Pine Barren Creek. The picket at the bridge generally consists of eight men; the same at the ford. The bridge is entirely destroyed. There was one rebel spy by the name of Brewton down in the vicinity of Big Bayou the first of last week, and carried back information that there was to be a raid made from Pensacola in the direction of Pollard in a few days. The road at certain points between Pine Barren Creek and Pollard is in rather bad condition for heavy teams. In case Mobile is attacked by a heavy force, and they have to evacuate the place, they intend to tear up the railroad from Tensas Landing to Greenville.

Statement of Benjamin F. Stearns, sergeant, Company A, First Florida Cavalry.

FEBRUARY 22, 1865.

My mother was at Pensacola City day before yesterday, 20th instant, with Captain Gibson of the Navy, and was informed by Miss Waters

