
that a scout of Colonel Maury's regiment was there on the 19th instant, stating that the whole regiment, about 1,000 strong, had arrived at Pollard, and that 400 vanguards are stationed at Bluff Springs with pickets at Pine Barren bridge and a rebel force of 4,000 at Greenville, Ala. (from Hood's army). She told me that a rebel courier is stationed permanently at Perdido Mills in connection with the rebel cavalry at Greenwood.

Statement of Mr. D---, of Baldwin County, Ala.

FEBRUARY 21, 1865.

SIR: There is at this time in Mobile about 14,000 men; in Montgomery they have a strong force, and receiving re-enforcements daily. They are expecting an attack and are preparing for it. There are two brigades at Blakely and one at Greenwood. What the force is at Pollard it is hard to say, from the fact of their moving to and from there all the time. Hood has resigned. Dick Taylor is now in command of the Army of Tennessee. A portion of the Army of Tennessee is in Alabama. I will try and get you another report in a few days, though I am afraid to come over there without a pass from you. I will send you all the late papers I can get.

Statement of James G. Hines and Nelson Wakefield, refugees from Tallahassee, TAllapoosa County, Ala.

FEBRUARY 24, 1865.

Left our home on the 12th instant. On that day we saw a wagon train of over 200 four and six mule teams belonging to Hood's army moving to Branchville, S. C. We passed Montgomery on the 13th and 14th instant, and left the city on the 15th instant. There was only one infantry regiment there. Heard of no intention of the rebel authorities to concentrate a force at Montgomery, but believe that their main object is to send as many as possible to South Carolina. The railroad communication is reopened from Montgomery to Augusta. The track between Augusta and Branchville is destroyed, but from the latter to Richmond communication is open. Know nothing of affairs at Pollard or Mobile.

Statement of John A. Ozelton, private, Sixtieth Alabama Infantry.

FEBRUARY 24, 1865.

Deserted at Petersburg last August and left my home in Santa Rosa County, Fla., on the 18th instant. Know of no force near my home except a company of militia at McGown's Bridge, in Crescent County.

Statement of Sergt. Allen Campbell, Company B, First Florida Cavalry (returning from the interior of West Florida).

FEBRUARY 24, 1865.

There is no force this side of the Choctawhatchee River, but at Marianna there are from 500 to 600 men fortifying the place this side, approached across the Chipola bridge. Tallahassee is also garrisoned, but I do not know the number of men. The rebels are fortifying at Saint Mark's with the view of recovering the harbor.

53 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

