
five days' rations, their camp and garrison equipage, leaving their transportation to follow with the balance of the division. They will proceed as soon as embarked to Dauphin Island, Ala., and report on their arrival to Major General Gordon Granger for orders.

J. McARTHUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, March 4, 1865.

Captain F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Thirteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit for the information of the major-general commanding copy of a letter from Brigadier-General Hawkins to myself and my reply. The artillerists intended to garrison the forts have not yet arrived, and the guns at the mouth of Bayou Grande and on the new line of works below the redoubt, seventeen altogether, require also to be served. Of not less importance, it seems to me that the line of works from Fort Barrancas to the beach to completed and an adequate force of infantry left to guard post Barrancas after the advance of the troops. Under the circumstances I would request the commanding general's instructions whether I shall turn over the Twenty-fifth, Eighty-second, and Eighty-sixth Regiments of Colored Infantry to General Hawkins at once, as desired by him, thus depriving the forts of their garrisons and leaving the connecting lines unfinished and unguarded, or continue these regiments on their present duties, pending the daily expected arrival of Major-General Canby, and his final orders in the matter.

Very respectfully, captain, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Answer General Steele, that one of the regiments referred to may be taken at once and the other two as soon as the regiment ordered from the Department of the Gulf for garrison duty at Pensacola arrives.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, U. S. COLORED INFANTRY, Near Barrancas, Fla., March 3, 1865.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH,

Commanding District of West Florida, Present:

GENERAL: By the inclosed order the division of colored troops organized for my command comprises two regiments at this place, the Twenty-fifth and Eighty-sixth. I would respectfully request that these regiments be relieved from duty and be ordered to report to me, so that they can be placed in camp and be fitted in their equipments for the field.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. HAWKINS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

