
Numbers 6. Report of Major Newton De Forest, Second Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND WISCONSIN VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Memphis, Tenn., March 13, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by a detachment of the Third Brigade, Cavalry Division, in the recent expedition to Ripley, Miss.:

On the 4th of March, 1865, at Germantown, Tenn., by direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Funke, commanding the Third Brigade, Cavalry Division, Department of the Mississippi, I assumed command of a detachment of that brigade, consisting of the Second Wisconsin Cavalry, numbering 393 men, Major M. W. Wood commanding, and the Fourth Illinois Cavalry, numbering 267, Captain A. T. Search commanding. The movements of this command being directed with the main column and under the supervision of the colonel commanding, require no particular mention in this report. The losses in the command were trifling, and are as follows: Five horses and 3 mules were abandoned. One man of the Second Wisconsin Cavalry was taken prisoner, but succeeded in making his escape, and returned to the column with the loss of horse and equipments, carbine (Spencer), saber, and accouterments. One man of this regiment died of disease at Ripley. The gain during the expedition was 6 horses and 3 mules, captured in the country. The march for a long distance over hard roads, and through a country poorly supplied with forage, was yet accomplished with little or no detriment to the condition or discipline of my command, and while there was no particular enterprise that deserves special notice, it is but simple justice to mention the creditable and uniform good conduct of the officers and men of my whole command.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. DE FOREST,

Major, 2nd Wis. Vol Cav., Commanding detachment 3rd Brigadier, Cav. Div.

(On late Expedition.)

Captain J. Q. REED,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 10, 1865. - Skirmish near Boyd's Station, Ala.

Report of Lieutenant Frederick Becker, One hundred and eleventh, U. S. Colored Infantry.

BOYD'S STATION, ALA., March 11, 1865.

ADJUTANT: I herewith very respectfully report to you a skirmish that took place last evening before dark on ground between here and Woodville Station. About 4 o'clock some firing was heard below the gap about one mile from here. I immediately ordered eight men, under charge of Sergt. M. Bell, Company E, One hundred and first U. S. Colored Infantry, to investigate the matter. When they came to the gap they found five men from the next station below driven into the cut half a mile from here, where the guerrillas thought to capture them. My boys, accompanied by these five men, immediately charged the guerrillas, the number of the latter being about eight, and drove

