
join their respective commands, and their present department commanders have been ordered, so far as practicable, to mount every effective man by drawing horses from the cavalry left behind and replacing the animals so taken from the supplies expected from Saint Louis. The commanding officers of these regiments will stop at Morganza on their way down the river and telegraph to you, care of these headquarters, for instructions. The Fourth Wisconsin and First Texas Regiments will remain at Baton Rouge, subject to your orders, until a good camping ground has been selected in the vicinity of this city. With these regiments, General Lucas' brigade, and the best portion of General Knipe's command, you will have fully 12,000 effective men for service in the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 58. Nashville, Tenn., March 5, 1865.

* * * * *

XI. The Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Colonel William J. Palmer commanding, is hereby transferred from the Sixth Cavalry Division to the command of Major-General Stoneman, to whom Colonel Palmer will report for duty.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,March 5, 1865-4 p.m. (Received 7th.)

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

The flood in the Tennessee has begun to subside, but it will be several days before I can begin to cross my command. The Tennessee is higher than ever known to be before. I will keep you advised of my movements and shall get off just as soon as possible. If the floods are the last there will be no difficulty, but more rain will of necessity compel additional delay.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 21. Gravelly Springs, Ala., March 5, 1865.

The commandant of the cavalry depot at Edgefield, Tenn., is charged with the following duties, viz:

I. Collecting and forwarding to their commands all men returning from furlough, hospitals, or detached duty, all deserters and stragglers. To make persistent efforts to have returned to their regiments all officers and enlisted men belonging to the Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, on detached duty.

