
II. Drilling and instructions the recruits and others who may from time to time be assembled there, and co-operating with the officers of the Cavalry Bureau in mounting, equipping, and forwarding the same to the field.

III. Carrying into execution the sentences of courts-martial, where men are sentenced to hard labor, or where men are directed from these headquarters to be punished by hard labor for neglect of horses, or other misdemeanors.

IV. The collection and recuperation of horses and issue of same.

V. Providing storage of surplus camp and garrison equipage, arms and accouterments, baggage of officers, surplus clothing of soldiers, official papers and desks, and other property belonging to the United States and to the officers and soldiers of the Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, not needed in active campaign.

VI. Carrying out of the duties laid down in the U. S. Army Regulations and the customs of service for troops in permanent camp, regular hours for roll-calls, drills, &amp;c., and the customary signals sounded.

VII. In performance of the duties under this order the commandant of this depot is not to usurp the functions of the special inspectors of cavalry, acting under orders from the War Department, but will co-operate with and be governed by them in all ceases where the interest of the service requires it.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 43. Gravelly Springs, Ala., March 5, 1865.

I. Major J. Morris Young, Fifth Iowa Volunteer Cavalry, is hereby relieved from duty as provost-marshal of the Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, and will return to duty with his regiment.

II. Major M. H. Williams, Tenth Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, is assigned to duty as provost-marshal of the Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Gravelly Springs, Ala., March 5, 1865.

Captain LOT ABRAHAM,

Commanding Detachment Fourth Division, Cavalry Corps:

CAPTAIN: Cypress Creek must have fallen sufficiently by this time to allow of your fording it. You had better, therefore, return to camp at once. If the crossing at the factory is not practicable, the one at Mrs. Jackson's house must be. I sent rations by the steamer last night and hope you received them. I expected you would have returned to-night.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

