HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., March 5, 1865.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,

Commanding Sixth Division, Cavalry Corps, Pulaski, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding acknowledges receipt through you of the report of W. J. Clift, lieutenant-colonel commanding Fifth Tennessee Cavalry, dated February 7, 1865, with reference to the extermination of guerrillas and robbers. He directs that Lieutenant-Colonel Clift be permitted to act upon the suggestions contained in his report and clear the country of those men according to his ideas as expressed therein.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CHATTANOOGA, March 5, 1865.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

Unless otherwise ordered, I will start troops of the Fourteenth and Twentieth Army Corps so soon as the road is repaired. Will General Cruft accompany them?

J. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 5, 1865-11.30 a.m.

Major General J. B. STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Do not start the detachments of the Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps until you get orders. General Cruft will go with them, probably to return.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

MARYSVILLE, March 5, 1865.

Captain W. W. DEANE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

SIR: I have been wandering scouting through this region for the last three or four days. The country north of the Little Tennessee River is clear of guerrillas, at any rate; and what may be on the south of the river I have no means of knowing, as the river is impassable at present, and will be for many days to come. Were it not for my stock I would reach Sweet Water by the way of Knoxville, but wishing to improve that (which, by the way, I am doing every day), I shall not attempt it unless so directed. The river will not be fordable in several days and there is no boat. I would respectfully suggest that a steamer be ordered to Morganton to put us across the Little Tennessee, and then I fancy I can take care of myself, as the country seems to yield about all we need. If this suggestion meets your approbation please notify me by return courier, and I will be at the place of crossing at the time appointed. My command is in good condition and fine spirits; only one trouble, and that is that the paymaster may come in our absence. The Union people are more than glad to see and feed us, but many of

