HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Chalmette, La., March 5, 1865.

Colonel LIPPINCOTT,

Commanding Thirty-third Illinois Infantry Volunteers:

SIR: The general commanding division directs that you hold your command in readiness to proceed to Dauphin Island, via Lake Pontchartrain, at shortest notice. You will accompany the transportation left behind of this division, and furnish such details and assistance as will facilitate the movement of the transportation to Dauphin Island. Captain Lunt, assistant quartermaster, will be left in charge and will give you notice when to move.

I have the honor, sir, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near New Orleans, La., March 5, 1865.

Major J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to request that the Second Brigade of my division may consist of the Twenty-seventh and Thirty-second Iowa, the One hundred and seventeenth Illinois, the Sixth Minnesota, and the Tenth Kansas; and the Third Brigade of the Fifty-second Indiana, One hundred and seventy-eighth New York, Thirty-fourth New Jersey, Eleventh Wisconsin, and the Fifty-eighth Illinois. This differs a little from the assignment made from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, but is rendered necessary in order to have the senior colonels second in command of my brigades, and to have in two brigades five regiments, instead of six in one and four in the other two. The numerical strength of the brigades is not materially affected by this transfer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Orleans, La., March 5, 1865.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that transportation will be ready for your entire command at an early hour to-morrow morning. He desires that you take five days' rations, including to-morrow. It will be necessary to leave a regiment of your command to take charge of your land transportation. All ammunition over the forty rounds in cartridge-boxes, which each man must carry, and ten boxes additional to each regiment, can be placed on board the Victory for transfer to the city and thence to the lake by the same route as the wagons and artillery. A guard should be sent with it. The steamers for your command will be in the river opposite your camp, and are sea steamers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

