
eran Cavalry has embarked already, excepting the Third Battalion, which is ready. The First Louisiana Cavalry and Thirty-first Massachusetts (mounted) Infantry will be ready to-morrow night. The Second Illinois Cavalry will be ready Tuesday, 7th instant. I desire to change the arms of this regiment, if possible, and obtain Sharps in the place of Burnside carbines. Shall I order the troops to embark upon transportation being received, without further orders? I sent an orderly to your headquarters last evening, who brought receipt for returns sent in. Will send another this morning for papers.

Very respectfully,

T. J. LUCAS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

CITY POINT, VA., M arch 6, 1865-8 p.m.

(Received 9.20 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

In view of the large number of men sent to General Thomas, I think it will be better to send all new organizations yet left in the States where they were raised, as follows: Those from Minnesota, Iowa, and Wisconsin to Missouri; from Illinois to General Thomas, and from Indiana, Ohio, and Michigan to the Middle Military Division.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 6, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

As directed by you, all new regiments east of Ohio have been ordered to Middle Military Division. Since January 1 we have sent to General G. H. Thomas, 22,583 men, which makes his army almost equal to what it was when he met Hood. Unless otherwise directed we shall continue to send to General Thomas all new troops from the northwestern States.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, March 6, 1865-10 a.m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

We have had a very heavy storm which has retarded the commencement of operations in this department by swelling the stream and destroying railroad bridges, but I am in hopes Wilson has started by this time. Stoneman will reach Knoxville by Saturday next with his expeditionary force and will start from there immediately. I will then adjust the available infantry force to support Stoneman and repair the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad as far as the Watauga bridge for the present. It will be necessary for General Hatch to remain at Eastport for horses to mount his division, and as his force is strong enough to hold that point for the present I have not ordered any infantry there, but will await the development of events in Mississippi and Alabama.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

