
them, but as the guerrillas were mounted my men could not get in fair range of them. They fought them until night. Report one of the guerrillas wounded or dead, as saw him fall from his horse. The railroad working party were plundered about 3 o'clock on the same ground by the same guerrillas, and further they were ordered not to be found working on the railroad any more. One of their party, a colored boy, was carried off by the guerrillas, and they made him run before their horses with cocked revolvers behind him. What they did with the men is not known; they were not to be seen when the train passed.

I am, adjutant, very respectfully, your humble servant,

FREDERICK BECKER,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Defenses.

Lieutenant WILLIAM M. SCOTT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 12-14, 1865. - Expedition from Vicksburg, Miss., to Grand Gulf and vicinity.

Report of Colonel Orlando C. Risdon, Fifty-third U. S. Colored Troops.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTY-THIRD U. S. COLORED INFANTRY,Vicksburg, Miss., March 14, 1865.

CAPTAIN: Agreeable to instructions from post headquarters I embarked with my regiment on board the steamer Diana at 11 a. m. March 12, 1865, and proceeded down the river. On reaching Hard Times Landing I gave the signal for the gun-boat agreed upon. I was not answered and I kept on to Grand Gulf, where I ascertained that the gun-boat had left. I then proceeded down the river to the mouth of Bayou Pierre, where I found the gun-boat Mound City. After conferring with Captain Paddock, commanding Mound City, we started up Bayou Pierre, the gun-boat in advance. After running up some three or four miles the bayou became so narrow and the trees hung so far over that the Diana could not proceed and I was obliged to return to the mouth of the bayou. From thence I ran up to Grand Gulf, disembarked with my command, and started overland for Port Gibson. On reaching Bayou Pierre, some two miles from Port Gibson, I found it too deep to ford, and could get no ferry-boat or skiffs, and there being no other way to cross I returned to Grand Gulf, re-embarked, and ordered that the boat proceed up the river to the Buckner plantation. Here I sent one company ashore, and several deserters from my regiment were arrested and brought on board. I then ordered that the boat proceed to Vicksburg, where we arrived about 9 a. m. of this date. While at Grand Gulf I arrested two citizens - a Mr. Sanders, who is reported to have been the man who brought the note to the steamer Monroe which caused her to run up Black River, where she was pillaged and robbed, and the other is Doctor Carrol, who says he is not a Union man and was connected with the rebel army in the early part of the war. I accordingly brought him in as a hostage, in accordance with instructions.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. C. RISDON,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain A. C. FISK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

