
INDIANAPOLIS, March 6, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

The One hundred and fifty-first Regiment Indiana Volunteers, 871 strong, left for Nashville this p.m. They will report to you.

HENRY B. CARRINGTON,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 59. Nashville, Tenn., March 6, 1865.

* * * * *

VII. The One hundred and fifty-first Illinois Infantry will proceed by march to Murfreesborough, Tenn., drawing from this post before leaving ten rounds of ammunition per man and the necessary transportation, not to exceed five wagons. It will proceed thence by railroad to Chattanooga, reporting upon their arrival to Major General James B. Steedman, commanding District of the Etowah, for duty.

VIII. The Forty-seventh Wisconsin Infantry will proceed by march to Tullahoma, Tenn., and report to Major-General Milroy, commanding Defenses of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, for duty. Before leaving this post they will draw the necessary transportation, not to exceed five wagons.

* * * * * *

XIX. The One hundred and eighty-sixth Ohio Infantry will proceed by march to Murfreesborough, Tenn., drawing from this post before leaving ten rounds of ammunition per man and the necessary transportation, not to exceed five wagons. It will proceed thence by railroad to Chattanooga, reporting upon arrival to Major General J. B. Steedman, commanding District of the Etowah, for duty.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, March 6, 1865.

Major-General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Eastport, Miss.:

Your note of the 26th of February received. You remember the plan of operations you propose in your note was essentially what I mentioned to you last winter that I should adopt if permitted. But General Grant wants all my infantry held in readiness for operations in East Tennessee and has given directions accordingly. He expects Canby to take Montgomery and Selma and hold them afterward, and has directed your expedition as a co-operative one, which is also expected

