
and dense fogs have prevailed, rendering the transportation of troops and supplies both tedious and dangerous. Some material has been lost, but fortunately no lives. Twelve sound steamers for service in Mississippi Sound and Mobile Bay have been at the Passes of the Mississippi since the 26th ultimo, but have been unable to cross the bar. These steamers are capable of carrying 10,000 men, and two days of fair weather will enable us to bring over from New Orleans everything except the cavalry. About half of the Sixteenth Corps is now here, and the remainder will arrive within the next two days. Only a small part of the cavalry has been brought over, but it will arrive in season. The navy will not be ready for several days, but our movements for getting into position for co-operation will go on at once.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[MARCH 7, 1865.-For Canby to Halleck, in reference to the troops left in garrison on the Mississippi River, see Vol. XLVIII, Part I, p.1107.]

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 1. March 7, 1865.

The troops of this command will habitually keep on hand three days cooked rations, and be held in constant readiness to move by land or by water. In movements about Mobile Bay no land transportation will be taken, and the number of private animals will be limited to one for each officer. Officers are reminded that the spade and the pick are useful adjuncts to the musket and the rifle. As a rule, every regiment on reaching its position will at once, without waiting for orders, cover its front by such temporary works as may be necessary. This duty will not be intermitted on account of the supposed distance of the enemy, and superior commanders will see that it is observed, and will be responsible that their flanks and the intervals between adjacent commands are in like manner covered.

By command of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY AND DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 1. Fort Gaines, Ala., March 7, 1865.

1. Major General P. J. Osterhaus will proceed by first opportunity to Fort Morgan, Mobile Point, for the purpose of inspecting the Third Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, commanded by Brigadier General W. P. Benton. On the completion of this duty General Osterhaus will return to these headquarters and submit a report of his inspection. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

2. Major J. E. Cowan, First Louisiana Cavalry, will, in addition to his duties in the inspector-general's department, act as engineer officer for the cavalry brigade commanded by Brigadier General T. J. Lucas.

3. Captain Walter McFarland, Corps of Engineers, will report to the commanding general Sixteenth Army Corps as chief engineer of that corps.

4. First Lieutenant A. H. Burnham, Corps of Engineers, will transfer the bridge trains and equipage now in his hands to First Lieutenant J. W.

