
Hapeman, Ninety-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, and will report to the commanding general Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, as chief engineer of that division.

5. The following-named officers are hereby assigned to duty as engineer officers for the divisions of the Thirteenth Army Corps, and will report without delay to the division commanders: Captain W. J. Edwards, Sixth Michigan Heavy Artillery, for the First Division; Captain William R. McComas, Eighty-third Ohio Infantry, for the Second Division; Captain Arnout Cannon, Ninety-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, for the Third Division.

6. Division engineer officers will immediately inspect the pioneer companies of their divisions and take measures for their complete organization and equipment, as prescribed in General Orders, No. 21, from these headquarters. Maps will be applied for to the chief engineer of the military division.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

12. The portion of the Sixteenth Army Corps now at this point will report direct to these headquarters, and prompt notice will be given of detachments as fast as they arrive. The depot staff officers will furnish all necessary supplies upon proper requisition.

By order of Major-General Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS,Dauphin Island, Ala., March 7, 1865.

Brigadier General J. C. VEATCH,

Commanding First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps:

SIR: Have just received General Field Orders, No. 1, in which it is announced that in the movements about Mobile Bay no land transportation will be taken. Yet, in the same order we are reminded "that the spade and pick are useful adjuncts to the musket and rifle. As a rule, every regiment, on reaching its position, will at once, without waiting for orders, cover its front by such temporary works as may be necessary." Commanding officers are required to see that the terms of the order are observed. Will you be kind enough to say to me if any arrangements are made for our drawing spades and picks? If so, what number? Again, how are we to transport them? Presume we can carry enough for all practical purposes-say, one spade to every ten men, if they can be obtained. If they are to be had, the brigade quartermaster can draw them. Do not presume it is General Canby's idea that the pioneer corps of the division will do all the work. Will be pleased to get your idea of it.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. R. SLACK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Gaines, March 7, 1865.

Colonel H. BERTRAM,

Commanding, Navy Cove:

The major-general commanding directs that as soon as you arrive in camp to-morrow you will push the scouts on the Magnolia and Greenwood,

