
WASHINGTON, D. C., March 9, 1865-4 p.m.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville:

It is reported that the rebel navy has been relieved from duty on the coast and sent to Western rivers to destroy river transports.* Great vigilance must be exercised to prevent such depredations.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to General Pope, Saint Louis; General Washburn, Memphis; General Dana, Vicksburg; General Reynolds, Little Rock; General Canby, New Orleans; General Hooker, Cincinnati; General Allen, Louisville, Ky.)

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 9, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point:

There are 3,000 men at Chattanooga belonging to the Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps which can now be spared. Shall I send them to New Berne, N. C., to be forwarded thence to General Sherman's army?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 9, 1865-1.30 p.m.

(Received 6.20 p.m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point:

General Canby telegraphs me March 1 from New Orleans that in consequence of the continuous rains during the month of February that he cannot start the cavalry expedition from Vicksburg, as he intended, and has ordered General Knipe to New Orleans. These heavy rains, having extended as far north as this State, have also swollen the streams to an impassable condition, and General Wilson will be somewhat delayed thereby, but will be able to move in time to co-operate with General Canby in his operations against Mobile, Selma, and Montgomery. Have just heard from my provost-marshal-general, Colonel Parkhurst. He received a telegram from Forrest, stating that owing to high waters, bad roads, and damage by high waters to their railroads, that he will not be able to commence delivering our prisoners before the 10th or 12th of this month. He claims to have about 7,000 of our men. Colonel Parkhurst believes that he ascertained pretty definitely that Cheatham's and Lee's corps started for South Carolina, but that after where they now are, and that Forrest has between 8,000 and 10,000 cavalry in Mississippi and Alabama, stationed at Okolona, Verona, Tuscaloosa, and Selma. General Hatch sends information, obtained through his scouts, that a telegram received, date not given, at Rienzi, says: Longstreet in front of General Sherman, Hardee on his right flank. Cheatham with his corps came up in Sherman's rear, who turned upon Cheatham and completely used him up.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

---------------

*See Grant to Halleck, 10.30 a.m., Vol. XLVI, Part II, p.903.

---------------

