
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE, No. 15. Knoxville, Tenn., March 9, 1865.

I. In accordance with Special Orders, No. 39, paragraph VII, dated headquarters Department of the Cumberland, Nashville, February 14, 1865, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the District of East Tennessee, headquarters at Knoxville, Tenn.

II. The status of Brigadier General Davis Tillson, U. S. Volunteers, and other officers will be that held by them previous to the relinquishment of the command of the district by Brigadier-General Ammen.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE, No. 16. Knoxville, Tenn., March 9, 1865.

The following-named officers are hereby announced as members of the staff of the major-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Major G. M. Bascom, assistant adjutant-general; Major M. W. Keogh, aide-de-camp; Major I. C. Smith, Tenth Michigan Cavalry, acting inspector-general; Captain R. Morrow, assistant adjutant-general.

By command of Major-General Stoneman:

G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND MIL. DIST. OF KENTUCKY, No. 5. Russellville, Ky., March 9, 1865.

I. For a more thorough organization of the troops to insure discipline and afford protection to the State within this district, the following directions are given, viz:

II. Colonel John H. Ward, Twenty-seventh Kentucky Volunteers, with headquarters at Owensborough, will assume command of all troops stationed in the counties bordering on the Ohio River from the mouth of Salt River to that of the Cumberland, which shall constitute and be termed the Western Division of the Second Military District of Kentucky.

III. Colonel O. H. P. Carey, One hundred and fifty-third Indiana Volunteers, with headquarters at Bowling Green, will assume command of all troop stationed in the counties of Warren, Muhlenbert, Todd, Logan, and such part of Simpson as is west of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad. Colonel Carey is charged with the protection of the Memphis branch of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad, which shall constitute the Eastern Division of the Second Military District of Kentucky.

IV. Major Lewis Wolfley, Third Kentucky Cavalry, with headquarters at Hopkinsville, Ky., will assume command of all troops stationed within the counties of Christian, Hopkins, Caldwell, and such parts of Lyon and Trigg as lies east of the Cumberland River, which shall constitute and be termed the Southern Division of the Second Military District of Kentucky.

V. Lieutenant-Colonel Babcock, Twelfth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, with headquarters at Bowling Green, will assume command of the defenses of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad from Louisville to the county line of Simpson and Warren. Lieutenant-Colonel Babcock will

