
until further orders retain the command of the post of Bowling Green, and, so far as regards the post and that only, is subject to the orders of Colonel Carey.

VI. Colonel Carey is further charged with the protection of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad through Simpson County.

VII. Colonel Samuel F. Johnson, with his Seventeenth Kentucky Cavalry, will report direct to these headquarters.

VIII. Colonels Ward, Carey, Johnson, and Lieutenant-Colonel Babcock and Major Wolfley will cause promptly to be forwarded to these headquarters monthly returns, monthly and tri-monthly reports, and a weekly report of station and effective strength. It is enjoined upon and will be expected that the above-named officers within their respective commands will have strict discipline on the part of troops, and strictly enforce General Orders, No. 3, from these headquarters.

By command of Colonel Eli H. Murray, commanding district:

A. G. SLOO,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND MIL. DIST. OF KENTUCKY, No.-. Russellville, Ky., March 9, 1865.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

IV. The following-named officers are assigned to duty and announced as members of the staff of the colonel commanding: Captain John L. Scott, One hundred and fifty-third Indiana Volunteers, provost-marshal; Lieutenant John R. Cox, One hundred and fifty-third Indiana Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of E. H. Murray, colonel, commanding Second Military District of Kentucky.

A. G. SLOO,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 9, 1865-12 midnight.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

New Orleans, La.:

I am in receipt of a dispatch from the Quartermaster-General informing me that you have made requisition for a construction corps and material to build seventy miles of railroad. I have directed that none be sent. General Thomas' army has been depleted to send a force to you, that they might be where they could act in the winter, and at least detain the forces the enemy had in the West. If there had been any idea of repairing railroads, it could have been done much better from the north, where we already had the troops. I expected your movements to have been co-operative with Sherman's last. This has now entirely failed. I wrote to you long ago urging you to push forward promptly and to live upon the country and destroy railroads, machine-shops, &amp;c., not to build them. Take Mobile and hold it, and push your forces to the interior to Montgomery and Selma. Destroy railroads, rolling-stock, and everything useful for carrying on war, and when you have done this take such positions as can be supplied by water. By this means alone you can occupy positions from which the enemy's roads in the interior can be kept broken.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

