HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., March 9, 1865.

Major-General CANBY,

New Orleans, La.:

Your telegram of the 1st instant received, and will modify my cavalry movements accordingly; but still with a view of co-operating with your movement against Mobile and farther north. My provost-marshal-general, just returned from Rienzi, Miss., reports that while at Rienzi a telegram was received there stating that Longstreet was in front of General Sherman, Hardee was on his right flank, and that Cheatham came up on his rear, when Sherman turned on Cheatham and thoroughly used him up. Lee's and Stewart's corps are posted at Selma and near Mobile. Forrest has 8,000 or 10,000 cavalry mostly posted at Verona, Okolona, Tuscaloosa, and Selma. Taylor's headquarters at Meridian and Forrest's at West Point.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Fort Gaines, Ala., March 9, 1865.

Rear-Admiral H. K. THATCHER,

Commanding West Gulf Blockading Squadron, Mobile Bay:

ADMIRAL: I have received information that is regarded as very reliable that the rebels have torn up about thirty miles of the Montgomery and Mobile Railroad in the neighborhood of Pollard, and are moving the material in the direction of Montgomery. This, coupled with other information, looks very much like and actual or contemplated evacuation of Mobile. It will materially advance our arrangements if this fact can be ascertained by a reconnaissance in force by the gun-boats and monitors, which will draw the fire of the batteries and determine whether the guns have been removed from them. Will you do me the favor to order this, if you concur in its propriety?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La. [March 9,] 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 9th day of March, 1865: George W. Mader gives the following information additional to his previous statements: Two batteries about sixty feet square, built for floating batteries, are sunk at equal intervals between Battery Gladden and Missouri Battery, Mobile Bay. They mount two guns each en barbette. The parapet is covered with earth. There is also an octagonal battery of two guns sunk hallway between Batteries Gladden and McIntosh. This battery is eighty feet in diameter; the parapets the same as of those above mentioned. The line of works around the city

