
of Mobile can be turned on the right of Redoubt A, between that an Mobile River. The marsh can be crossed on foot, and the only obstruction is an abatis of felled trees, not guarded. There is a dam across Three-Mile Creek on Stone street [sic], between Redoubts A and B, by which the country in front of B can be floated. February 26 General Forrest's headquarters were at West Point, Miss. Armstrong's cavalry brigade and some scattered troops, about 1,200 or 1,300, were stationed there. At or near Columbia, Miss., were the following brigades of Forrest's command: McCulloch's, Starke's, Neely's, Lyon's, Roddey's command (1,000), Mabry's, Chalmers', Jackson's, Buford's, Gholson's, Cosby's, and Whitfield's Texas brigade-all very small. The force amounts to 6,000 or 7,000, and will be increased to 10,000 on the return of men from furlough. No new movement is contemplated by Forrest, as he expects an advance of our forces from Eastport, Tenn., and Vicksburg, Miss. Lieutenant G. G. Curtis reports from Baton Rouge March 8 that General Hodge has concentrated his force (2,500) in front of that post. A report from Natchez March 2 states that on the 1st about 1,500 Texas cavalry were near Port Gibson, with the intention of crossing the Mississippi to go home. About 2,000 men reported at Zion Hill, near Hamburg, Miss., in camp. The following commands are reported near Fayette, Miss.: Captain Bradford's (150 men), Captain Johnson's (200). At Union Church are Colonel Owens (400), Colonel Yager (100), Colonel Glover (200). At Woodville, Miss., are reported 800 men, including Powers' regiment, Stockdale's battalion, and the Eleventh Arkansas Cavalry. Colonel John Scott left for Jackson with 300 men two weeks ago. Headquarters command is poorly armed and equipped. They obtain all their ammunition from Selma, Ala. An escaped prisoner from Tyler, Tex., February 7, reports 2,800 prisoners there, guarded by 600 men; saw an artillery camp at Alexandria February 28, with about thirty field pieces; saw few infantry camps at Alexandria, but all the Louisiana troops were encamped within supporting distance. The Texas troops were at Shreveport. General Buckner's headquarters have been moved to Natchitoches. General Kirby Smith still at Shreveport.

March 10.-Later information from the same source (Mr. Mader) shows that the marsh on the right of Battery A in the line of defenses of Mobile is covered by Redoubts 14,15, and 16 of the inner line, each mounting five guns. There is no curtain or other connection between Redoubts A and 14. There is no curtain farther to the right than Redoubt D. B, E, F, G, H, I, and K mount sevent guns each; A, C, D, L, and M mount five guns each, and N thirteen guns.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. JACKSON,

Major, Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

(In absence of Captain S. M. Eaton.)

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 3. March 9, 1865.

The duties of the provost-marshals in the field will embrace:

1. Prevention of straggling, marauding, pillaging, the unauthorized discharge of fire-arms, and other disorderly conduct on the part of persons in the military service outside the limits of camp, the preservation

