
of good order and repression of disorders and abuses on the part of persons not in the military service within our lines, and the proper surveillance of all such persons.

2. Enforcement of General Orders, No. 22, headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, current series, prohibiting persons not in the army and not necessary to its service from accompany the army.

3. Execution of sentences of military courts devolved upon provost-marshals by proper authority, and the infliction of such moderate punishments upon enlisted men as may be necessary for the effective performance of the duties herein defined.

4. Enforcement of the order prohibiting the sale of intoxicating liquors within our lines, and the proper punishment of persons disobeying, evading, or attempting to disobey or evade said order.

5. Charge and proper disposition of prisoners of war, deserters, refugees, and persons arrested or confined by proper authority.

6. Authorized searches, seizure of property, care and proper disposition of seized or captured property. (See General Orders, No. 34, headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, series of 1864; also paragraph 13, Appendix to Army Regulations, 1863.)

7. Aiding the secret service by obtaining information of interest to the public service from prisoners, deserters, refugees, and others, sending to the proper officer for examination persons having such information, or when that is impracticable sending a statement of information elicited. Such information will always be communicated to the immediate commanding officer and to the provost-marshal-general.

8. Enforcement of orders respecting passes.

9. Keeping such records and making such returns and reports as the provost-marshal-general shall direct.

10. Effecting such arrests as may be ordered by proper authority.

11. Administering the amnesty oath when duly authorized so to do.

12. Observing such instructions as may from time to time be given by the provost-marshal-general.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 3. March 9, 1865.

1. First Lieutenant C. J. Allen, Corps of Engineers, is hereby assigned to duty as assistant to the chief engineer in the field until further orders.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. U. S. FORCES AT MOBILE POINT, No. 5. THIRD DIVISION, 13TH ARMY CORPS, Fort Morgan, Ala., March 9, 1865.

The following-named officers are hereby announced as comprising the staff of the brigadier-general commanding the Third Division, Thirteenth Army Corps: Lieutenant Colonel Charles A. Smith, Thirty-fifth Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general and chief

