
of staff; Captain Frank Adams, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general; Captain D. K. Hall, U. S. Volunteers, commissary of subsistence; First Lieutenant William H. York, Twentieth Wisconsin Infantry, acting assistant quartermaster; Surg. Ben. Durham, U. S. Volunteers, surgeon in charge; Captain Arnout Cannon, Ninety-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, acting engineer; Captain John D. Rouse, Seventy-seventh Illinois Infantry Volunteers, provost-marshal; First Lieutenant John M. Shields, Seventy-seventh Illinois Infantry Volunteers, acting ordnance officer; First Lieutenant Fred. E. Starck, Twentieth Iowa Infantry, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant John A. Prindle, Seventh Vermont Infantry, aide-de-camp.

By command of Brigadier General W. P. Benton:

FRANK ADAMS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS, No. 3. Barrancas, Fla., March 9, 1865.

The general commanding cannot omit to express to the troops that their exemplary soldiership has already won his admiration. Such troops cannot be contented with common success. They will seek rather to illustrate all it is possible for gallant men to achieve. In this stage of the war the blows we strike should be decisive blows. We should not be too confident-certainly not boastful; but we ought to nourish in our inmost hearts a determination to make every exertion and sacrifice rather than fail. Heroes from Shiloh and Vicksburg, noble-hearted representatives of the youth and manhood of States pre-eminent for spirit and culture, why should you not surpass any of the exploits in history? Great success can be obtained only be great exertions. Success is in proportion to preparations and exertions. If the path to victory were easy, all would be willing to travel it, and success would be cheap. But it is a difficult and perilous path. The heroic and constant only can keep it. To them belongs the glory. To be ever ready for the worst; never to be surprised, but rather to surprise and astound the surpriser; to be quick when rapidity is required; to be confirmed in those golden military principles-punctuality and unhesitating obedience; in a word, to have been faithful in attending to those simple requirements which constitute preparation-it is this which makes valor availing; this that insures substantial triumph. Be it the supreme object of this division, wheresoever it moves, whatsoever it confronts, to accomplish whatever is required of it. Let it be its next object to leave behind in its path the fewest possible of its numbers. Whether we are good soldiers, whether we have good discipline, will be seen in the number of men present for duty at the end of a campaign. For in war the greatest losses are not in battle.

By order of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews:

GEORGE MONROE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., No. 6. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, March 9, 1865.

1. In accordance with General Orders, No. 29, issued at headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, and subject to the approval of the

