HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Orleans, La., March 9, 1865.

Colonel J. B. MOORE,

Commanding Third Division:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you send one brigade of infantry, with five days' rations, forty rounds of ammunition in cartridge-boxes, and ten boxes additional ammunition to each regiment, with their transportation and camp and garrison equipage, to the race course at the crossing of the canal and Canal street. At that point they will await notice that transportation is in readiness from Captain Heaton, assistant quartermaster, and will embark as rapidly as transportation can be furnished.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEPARATE CAVALRY BRIGADE, No. 20. Carrollton, La., March 9, 1865.

1. The commanding officer of the First Louisiana Cavalry will cause 400 men and horses of his command to proceed to Hickox Landing as soon as possible, with three days' cooked rations, and forage, there to embark on steamer which will be assigned to receive them for Pensacola, Fla.

2. Upon arriving at Pensacola, Fla., the commanding officer will report to Colonel M. H. Chrysler, who will assign a position or place for encampment.

3. The balance of the First Louisiana Cavalry will ship immediately 150 men and horses, with three days' cooked rations, and forage and one wagon and mules, under charge of a good officer; will proceed to Greenville, there to embark on the Peabody for Pensacola, Fla. The remainder of the command, with all remaining transportation, will proceed to Hickox Landing, there to embark on steamer assigned to them for Pensacola.

4. On arriving at Pensacola, Lieutenant-Colonel Badger will report to Colonel M. H. Chrysler, who will assign a place for encampment.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By order of Brigadier-General Lucas:

E. V. HITCH,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 10, 1865-9 p.m.

(Received 11th.)

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

You may send all troops in your command belonging to the army with Sherman that you can spare to New Berne.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Issue the order for them to go.

W. D. W.

56 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

