
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, No. 8. Louisville, Ky., March 10, 1865.

I. By an arrangement with the Governor of Kentucky, all the troops in the service of the State will be subject to the orders of the general commanding the department.

This arrangement does not interfere with the terms of enlistment of such troops, but is intended to render them more efficient and subject them to proper discipline. Hereafter officers in command of State troops will make the reports required by the general regulations of the army, to these headquarters, through the proper district commanders; and they will in all respects be subject to the rules and articles of war.

II. District commanders will, upon proper returns and requisitions, supply such troops as may come under their command by this order, and will see that duplicates of all such returns and requisitions are forwarded to the executive authorities of the State.

III. Applications by officers commanding regiments, separate battalions, or companies of State troops, to be mustered out of service, must be forwarded to the State authorities through these headquarters.

IV. Persons who have been authorized by the Governor to raise troops for the service of the State, will at once forward to these headquarters a copy of any written authority they may have, and a statement of the number of troops raised, where stationed, and kind of arms, if any. Such reports will be sent direct by mail.

By command of Major-General Palmer:

J. P. WATSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, March 10, 1865.

(Received 6 p.m. 16th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

General Canby left here March 5 for Mobile Bay, where Granger's command and Smith's command now are, with the exception of 2,000 or 3,000 men who are now getting off. Steele with about 8,000 men is at Pensacola, probably to move on Blakely. Grierson is here and his cavalry coming. He goes, I am told, to Canby, and it will take him a week to get his command there. Much delay has been caused by a cipher clerk's blunder, which made Smith land at Vicksburg and discharge his steam-boats. Rebels are supposed to have 9,000 men at Mobile and as many at Blakely.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Brevet Brigadier-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, March 10, 1865.

Major-General CANBY,

Commanding Military Div. of West Mississippi, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: Your request for a supply of workmen, material, and rolling-stock, for rebuilding the railroad from Pensacola for seventy miles north to Pollard, and for extending the road from Pensacola to Barrancas, addressed to General McCallum, director and manager of military railroads, U. S. Army, referred to this office for instructions.

