
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 4. Barrancas, Fla., March 10, 1865.

I. To make successful marches in the enemy's country requires zeal, activity, and watchfulness on the part of every officer.

II. Officers will re-examine and, as far as practicable, adhere to what follows under the head of marches, convoys, and their escorts and camps, in the Revised Army Regulations.

III. Officers will have their commands in such readiness as to avoid hurry, confusion, and extra fatigue, both of men and animals, just before starting.

IV. On a march the men will not be called up earlier than one hour before marching, but the cooks will have breakfast in readiness immediately after reveille. Wood will be prepared the night previous. If necessary, in the artillery the men will be called up one hour and a half before marching.

V. As a general rule troops should march at daylight. Every command will be ready to move at the time specified. Neglect on the part of a very few sometimes delays and annoys a whole column. Those, therefore, who are guilty of neglect and tardiness in this respect will meet with rigorous and severe punishment. No matter what the weather is, there can be no excuse for tardiness. Commanding officers will every evening ascertain the standard time for the column.

VI. The order of march will be announced daily. Brigades will generally alternate as the advance and rear, and regiments will alternate as the advance and rear guard. Rear and advance guards will keep out patrols or scouts (to be frequently relieved) and should never suffer a surprise.

VII. Generally there will be a halt of ten minutes each hour. These halts will be regulated by the general commanding the division. The signal of "attention" by the bugle will precede the signal for "halt," and also the signal for "forward." These commands will be repeated along the column verbally, or by a roll of the drum or note of the bugle. The major or senior officer at the rear of the leading regiment will repeat the commands so that they may be heard at the head of the regiment, battalion, or battery next in the rear.

VIII. No man will leave the ranks without the permission of the commanding officer of his company, and such leave will not be granted without urgent necessity. Neither officers nor men will enter houses.

IX. The general commanding trusts that there is not a man in the division but will disdain to commit an act of plunder. He will not be surprised to learn that the heroic and generous men of his command have, in some instances, out of their own scanty fare, fed the poor and hungry along their routes, but will be surprised to learn that any one of them has done an act unbecoming to the humanity and the proud character of an American soldier.

X. Where the country affords it, all necessary subsistence will be taken under existing orders in a regular maner, so as to be issued to the troops equally.

XI. The music will play occasionally to enliven the march, and each regiment and battalion will march into camp with its band playing.

XII. Immediately after arriving in camp there will be a roll-call of every company, and immediately thereafter regimental commanders will forward through brigade headquarters a report of the result, or who have absented themselves during the day, and the name of their captain or company commander.

