
X. The Fourth Tennessee Mounted Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Blackburn commanding, will report to Alexandria, Tenn., and take post at that place. Colonel Blackburn will exert himself to restore confidence to the people and destroy the guerrillas now infesting that region. All of the latter which his forces may capture will be turned over for trial to the civil authorities of the counties in which they are captured, provided that there are such civil authorities organized; otherwise they will be tried by military commission.

XI. The First Tennessee Mounted Infantry, now at Carthage, Tenn., will report by letter to Major-General Rousseau, commanding District of Tennessee, for duty on the line of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad.

XII. The Second Tennessee Mounted Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel Owen Haney commanding, will report by letter to Major General L. H. Rousseau, commanding District of Tennessee, to whose command it is assigned.

XIII. The following-named regiments will report by letter to Major General J. B. Steedman, commanding District of the Etowah, to whose command they are assigned: Fifth Tennessee Mounted Infantry, Colonel S. B. Boyd commanding; Sixth Tennessee Mounted Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel G. A. Gowin commanding.

XIV. The commanding officer Seventh Tennessee Mounted Infantry will report by letter to Major-General Stoneman, commanding District of East Tennessee, to whose command it is assigned. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of Major-General Thomas:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, March 11, 1865-11.30 a.m. (Received 4 p.m.)

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps, Huntsville, Ala.:

Prepare one of your divisions and start it for Bull's Gap as soon as you can get railroad transportation, sending the division wagons and ambulances by road, with no loas except forage and rations for mules and guard. Your other divisions will follow in the same manner. Perhaps we can send new troops to Granger. A depot will be established at Knoxville for the accommodation of the troops in East Tennessee.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., March 11, 1865-5.30 p.m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

Major-General Thomas' dispatch received at 4 p.m. General Kimball's division is ready to move. Mr. Smith has sent all empty cars to Nashville. A part of the division will probably get off on Monday. The rations and forage on the way here will be needed, as we are quite out of each.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

