
HUNTSVILLE, March 11, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

Shall I take the pontoon train with the corps train? Shall I move the artillery by railroad? Would it be best to move the heavy part of the forage by railroad, the guns and caissons the same, and send the horses by dirt road?

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 11, 1865.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Huntsville, Ala.:

Take the pontoon train with the corps trains. Move the artillery by railroad. Move the heavy parts of guns and caissons and forage by railroad, and send the horses by dirt road.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Huntsville, Ala., March 11, 1865.

Brigadier-General ELLIOTT,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that, by direction of Major General G. H. Thomas, this corps will move to Knoxville as rapidly as transportation can be furnished by the railroad. All safeguards will be called in immediately, commencing with those most distant. Measures will be taken as soon as possible to relieve the detached brigades of the Second Division. The division hospitals will be broken up, and the sick disposed of under the direction of Surgeon Heard, medical director. The hospital tents and stores will be shipped by railroad to Knoxville. The ordnance trains will be unloaded and the ammunition shipped by railroad. The trains will start from this place loaded with forage sufficient to last to Chattanooga and rations for the train guard to the same point. The horses of mounted officers and the pack-mules of the regiments will be shipped by railroad. Detailed instructions will hereafter be given for the movement of the artillery and pontoon train. One regiment from each division, with a good field officer, will be detailed as train guard. The divisions will move in the following order: First, First Division; second, Third Division; third, Second Division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE, No. 60. Nashville, Tenn., March 11, 1865.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

VI. The One hundred and fifty-third Illinois Volunteer Infantry will proceed without delay by rail to Tullahoma and report to Major-General Milroy, commanding Defenses Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad.

By command of Major-General Rousseau:

B. H. POLK,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

