SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DEFENSES NASHVILLE AND CHATTANOOGA RAILROAD, No. 49. Tullahoma, March 11, 1865.

I. The following regiments will compose the Second Brigade of the Defenses Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, to the command of which Bvt. Brigadier General N. A. M. Dudley, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned, viz: Forty-second Regiment Missouri Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Forbes commanding; One hundred and forty-eight Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Willsie commanding; One hundred and fifty-second Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Stephenson commanding; One hundred and fifty-fifth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Smith commanding. All reports and returns heretofore made to these headquarters will hereafter be made to Brevet Brigadier-General Dudley, and all official matter will be sent through brigade headquarters.

II. Colonel William Forbes, Forty-second Regiment Missouri Volunteer Infantry, is hereby relieved from duty as commandant of the post of Tullahoma, at his own request. Colonel Forbes will transfer all books and papers pertaining to said command to Brevet Brigadier-General Dudley, U. S. Volunteers, who is hereby placed in command of this post and its garrison.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of Major-General Milroy:

JNO. O. CRAVENS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, March 11, 1865.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

Your telegram received.* I will try to get to Knoxville early next week, but if not able to do so I will say that General Grant desires that you will not break the railroad until you get into Virginia, unless you have a chance to cut off rolling-stock. I will order a construction party to proceed at once to Knoxville and commence repairs on the railroad beyond. Will order one division of infantry to Bull's Gap, and eventually the whole of the Fourth Corps to that place and beyond. Colonel Merrill will remain in the District of the Etowah for the present.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, March 11, 1865.

Major-General PALMER,

Louisville:

The wives and children of slaves enlisted in the U. S. service, or who may hereafter enlist, are made free by act of Congress, passed on the 3rd of March. A copy of the law will be sent you.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See dispatch of 10th, p.883.

---------------

