
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, No. 9. Louisville, Ky., March 11, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General James S. Brisbin, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby announced on the department staff as superintendent of the organization of U. S. troops, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly. General Brisbin will superintend the organization of white and colored U. S. troops in Kentucky, and will issue the necessary instructions to secure the enlistment of such troops as rapidly as possible. Commanding officers of troops in this department are directed to afford him every facility in their power. All communications and reports in reference to the organization of white or colored troops intended for these headquarters will be addressed to him. General Brisbin will establish his headquarters at Louisville, Ky.

By command of Major-General Palmer:

J. P. WATSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, March 11, 1865.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District of West Tennessee, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of March 4. The general desires that you revoke such existing orders of General Dana or other authority as may conflict with your views for the government of your district, the general policy to be conciliatory and to give encouragement to the people to return to their former modes of life. Trade within your district will be regulated by yourself and the Treasury agents. The cavalry found by you, on your assuming command, within your command will need orders from General Halleck to be removed, and should be the subject of a letter to him. The commanding general expects soon to visit you, when any open questions can be arranged. Inclosed please find General Orders, No. 126, from these headquarters, for your information.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, No. 126. Near Atlanta, Ga., August 24, 1864.

I. In accordance with the provisions of Special Field Orders, No. 59, current series, from the headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, published herewith,* the district bounded as hereinafter described will be opened for trade in such supplies not contraband of war as are needed to supply the wants of the inhabitants living therein, who are loyal to the Government of the United States. Supply stores will be opened at such points within the district as in the opinion of the supervising special agent of the Treasury is advisable, and will be subject to the regulations of the Treasury Department and the requirements of the order above mentioned.

---------------

*Omitted, but see Vol. XXXVIII, Part V, p.647.

---------------

