
of which there can be do doubt, judging from the past, when peaceful homes, friends, and a happy people, with an established Government, await to greet you. Finish your labors as you have performed them thus far, and you will rejoice that you were soldiers in so good a cause. I shall remember you and each of you kindly and gratefully through the remainder of my life.

WM. GROSE,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Huntsville, Ala., March 12, 1865.

Brigade commanders will call in all safeguards, commencing with the most remote from camp. Preparations will be made to break up the division hospital, the sick to be disposed of as directed by the medical director of the corps. The tents and stores will be ready for shipment by rail. Ordnance trains will be unloaded and the stores shipped by rail. Trains will leave here loaded with seven days' forage and ten days' rations for one regiment to be detailed as train guard. In the approaching movement of the division the horses of mounted officers and pack animals authorized by General Orders, No. 1, headquarters Fourth Army Corps, January 12, 1865, except those of one regiment to be detailed hereafter as train guard, will be shipped by rail with the troops. Detailed instructions as to the time of movement will be given hereafter.

By command of Brigadier-General Elliott:

J. E. JACOBS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Gravelly Springs, Ala., March 12, 1865-9 a.m. (Received 14th.)

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Your telegram with that from Major-General Canby is received.* Have got Croxton's across at Chickasaw, but can cross nothing else till water gets within its banks. A very intelligent railroad man from Mobile, January 26, Selma, February 20, says General Forrest's headquarters are at West Point, with about 7,000 men (cavalry), two regiments at Verona, one at Baldwyn. A staff officer told him all their artillery was at Columbus, and they thought their next movement would be by that place toward Tuscaloosa, to resist operations from the Tennessee River. There is a slight defense thrown up at Selma from river to river, with six redoubts, mounting one 24-pounder each, but no troops whatever for its defense. No troops at Demopolis, and only about 5,000 in all at Mobile. Everything reported abundant between Tuscaloosa and Selma. Railroad between Selma and Montgomery not finished. All kinds of foundries, machine works, and manufactories at Selma, and great anxiety from the fear of a movement by your army against it. I shall get away as soon as I can getting to the other side of the river. Are there any prospects of horses for Hatch?

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

---------------

*See 5 p.m. 8th, p.861.

---------------

