HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Gravelly Springs, Ala., March 12, 1865.

Brigadier General J. T. CROXTON,Commanding First Division Cavalry:

GENERAL: Please obtain all information you can in regard to roads, bridges, forage, and movements or position of the enemy while you are lying in camp. You must also take precautions to keep rebel scouts from you and to prevent information of our movement getting out. General Long will begin crossing to-day. Upton will follow as rapidly as possible. Please send me word in regard to the number of dismounted men you will have, and what regiment you intend to dismount entirely. We may get some horses yet, but how many is uncertain. Three hundred and fifty sent for Long's division left Nashville on the 7th instant, with the promise of more at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Gravelly Springs, Ala., March 12, 1865.

Brigadier General ELI LONG,Commanding Second Div., Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Move your command to-night to Waterloo in order that it may commence crossing at an early hour to-morrow morning. Colonel Mackay, chief quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland, has promised to send steamer, and will probably be able to cross all your men before night. The difficulty of procuring forage at your present camp and the stage of water in the river necessitate the movement. Your wagons will probably be able to cross Second Creek by leaving the road and moving over the ridge in order to strike it higher up than the road crossing. If one brigade is at Waterloo at daylight it will be sufficient. The other can move more leisurely.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Gravelly Springs, Ala., March 12, 1865.

Colonel R. H. G. MINTY:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to say to you that you will move your brigade to-night to Waterloo, in order that you will be there at daylight to commence crossing. The wagon train of your command and all the dismounted men will be gotten in readiness and move with these headquarters and other portions of the division on to-morrow. Colonel Mackay, chief quartermaster Department of the Cumberland, will have steamers ready at daylight at Waterloo to transfer your brigade.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,T. W. SCOTT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

