HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Gravelly Springs, Ala., March 12, 1865.

Colonel A. O. MILLER:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to say to you that the entire command will move promptly at 7 a. m. to-morrow, including trains, &amp;c. Have everything gotten in readiness to-night. All surplus stores which you desire to be left back can be separated after arriving at Waterloo, at which place the command will cross. The Second Brigade moves to-night.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,T. W. SCOTT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Gravelly Springs, Ala., March 12, 1865.

Brigadier General E. HATCH,

Commanding Fifth Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 10th is just received. Whatever you determine to do in the matter of arms will be entirely satisfactory to me; but as a matter of course it is not expected in any case that you will disarm your command or any part of it without replacing their arms with others of some kind to do until the new Spencers can be obtained. Your disposition of the horse question is equally satisfactory. I have written to Chambliss at Louisville, requesting him to do all in his power toward furnishing you with a complete and good refit, sending everything to Eastport if possible, and as fast as may be. I am anxious to have you get ready for the field without going back, for if you once get to Nashville or Huntsville there will be a great temptation to detach you to hunt guerrillas and separate you from the corps. I am more than anxious to prevent this if possible. Fearing, however, that everything in the way of cavalry supplies would be diverted from us, I have written to Chambliss requesting him to fill up all his stables with the best of his recuperated stock and have them set aside for you. Since I saw you Major Price has written me, saying he would spare no efforts to put your division on the best war footing the latest improvements would permit. You will therefore in all probability have a long rest; but I am sure you will do all in your power to expedite matters and make the command all that either of us could desire. I am very much obliged to you for the willingness you manifest to put the marching divisions in good condition by stripping yourself. I am sorry, however, that the short-sighted policy of parties responsible for it has prevented us from having enough of everything needed for the entire command. Please make every effort to keep me informed of rebel movements in Northern Alabama and Mississippi. Canby's movement from Vicksburg has been abandoned because of the heavy rains. Everything will go from the Gulf coast. Please direct Chaplain De Foe to visit me here before he leaves for Illinois. He belongs to the Sixth Illinois Cavalry.

Yours, very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

