SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 61. Nashville, Tenn., March 12, 1865.

* * * * * *

I. The One hundred and fifty-first Indiana Volunteer Infantry will proceed by rail to Tullahoma, and report to Major General R. H. Milroy, commanding Defenses Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad.

II. The One hundred and eighty-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry is assigned to duty in Major General R. H. Milroy's command, and will proceed by rail to Murfreesborough, and report to Brigadier General H. P. Van Cleve, commanding at that place.

* * * * * *

IV. The One hundred and eighty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry will proceed by rail to Huntsville, and report to Colonel C. C. Doolittle, temporarily commanding District of Northern Alabama.

V. The Forty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry will proceed by rail to Huntsville, and report to Colonel C. C. Doolittle, temporarily commanding District of Northern Alabama.

By command of Major-General Rousseau:

B. H. POLK,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH, Numbers 30. Chattanooga, March 12, 1865.

I. In obedience to paragraph VII, Special Field Orders, Numbers 64, Department of the Cumberland, current series, Brigadier-General Cruft, commanding Provisional Division, Army of the Cumberland, composed of the officers, men on duty in the District of the Etowah belonging to the regiments, batteries, and detachments serving with Major-General Sherman, will proceed with his command to New Berne, N. C., reporting en route through Nashville to headquarters Department of the Cumberland for further orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * * *

IV. Colonel Dawson, One hundred and eighty-seventh Ohio Infantry, having reported, in obedience to orders from the major-general commanding department, to the major-general commanding district for duty, will proceed with his command to Dalton, Ga., reporting to the commanding officer of that garrison for duty.

* * * * * *

XV. Colonel Wildes, One hundred and eighty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, will proceed by rail with his command to Cleveland, Tenn., reporting on his arrival at that place to Colonel Kneffner, One hundred and forty-ninth Illinois, commanding garrison, for orders. Reports and returns required by existing department orders will be made direct to these headquarters.

XVI. Colonel F. B. Woodall, One hundred and fifty-first Illinois Volunteers, will proceed by rail with his command to Dalton, Ga., reporting on his arrival at that place to Colonel Sickles, commanding garrison at that place, for orders. Reports and returns required by existing department orders will be made direct to these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Steedman:

S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

