
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 10. Louisville, Ky., March 12, 1865.

The general commanding announces to the colored men of Kentucky that by an act of Congress passed on the 3rd day of March, 1865, the wives and children of all colored men who have heretofore enlisted, or who may hereafter enlist, in the military service of the Government, are made free.

This act of justice to the soldiers claims from them renewed efforts, by courage, fortitude, and discipline, to win a good name, to be shared by a free wife and free children. To colored men not in the army it offers an opportunity to coin freedom for themselves and posterity.

The rights secured to colored soldiers under this law will, if necessary, be enforced by the military authorities of this department, and it is expected that the loyal men and women of Kentucky will encourage colored men to enlist in the army; and, after they have done so, recognize them as upholders of their Government and defenders of their homes, and exercise toward the helpless women and children made free by law that benevolence and charity which has always characterized the people of the State.

By command of Major-General Palmer:

J. P. WATSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOUNT STERLING, KY., March 12, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

We hear from reliable sources of several gangs of rebels, from thirty to sixty each, and we have not half enough mounted men to do any good. Send more, if possible, for the people are scared very much. I sent thirty men to Owingsville last night.

H. N. BENJAMIN,

Major.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Fort Gaines, Ala., March 12, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Chief of Staff, &amp;c., Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to recommend that Colonel Henry Bertram, Twentieth Wisconsin, and Lieutenant Colonel A. B. Spurling, Second Maine Cavalry, be appointed brigadier-generals of volunteers. Both of these officers have been in the exercise of commands above their rank, and have manifested a capacity and fitness for still higher commands.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 7. Pensacola, Fla., March 12, 1865.

* * * * * *

X. Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Dungan, Thirty-fourth Iowa Volunteers, having been assigned to duty as acting assistant inspector-general of the

