HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Fort Gaines, Ala., March 12, 1865.

Bvt. Major General B. H. GRIERSON,Commanding Cavalry Forces, Mil. div. of West Mississippi,

New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 10th instant and to say that the cavalry referred to will be sent to this point as fast as transportation can be furnished.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA, Barrancas, March 12, 1865.

Captain F. W. EMERY,Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Thirteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inclose, for the information of the major-general commanding, statement of three deserters from Hood's old army and extract of letter in regard to a movement of rebel troops from Mobile to Pollard in anticipation of a raid from here to Montgomery.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] Statement of Thomas G. Daniels and William Watson, Fifty-fourth Alabama Infantry, and Joseph F. Hicks, Thirty-third Alabama Infantry.

Deserted Hood's army at Montgomery in February when the army was moving toward South Carolina. They are all veterans, having served in the rebel army from the beginning of the rebellion, and now desire to serve in the Federal army and enlist in the First Florida Cavalry. They think that 9,000 of Hood's men have deserted and are now at their homes or in the woods. When they left Montgomery there was no permanent force there, and as they came through the woods they saw no rebel troops on their way down the Saint Andrew's Bay, except two companies of cavalry hunting deserters. From Saint Andrew's Bay they came down to East Pass along the beach.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] Extract of a letter received March 12 from Mr. D. beyond the Perdido, in regard to rebel movements at Mobile and vicinity.

The rebels have heard by way of Pensacola that a raid was expected to start soon for Montgomery, and have sent all the forces they could muster, which consists of Bell's brigade, 3,000 strong. There are about 3,500 men at Blakely and three companies at Greenwood.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] MARCH 13 [12], 1865.

Mr. J. H. Weaver, from Mobile, February 27, 1865, states that under the act of Congress passed by the Confederate Congress for the destruction of all property liable to fall into the hands of the Federal army, stringent orders have been issued by the military authorities at Mobile

