
and Montgomery to destroy all cotton on the approach of the Federal troops. While he was in Mobile he was informed confidentially by the mayor, R. H. Slough, that he was bitterly opposed to the destruction, and would use all means in his power to prevent it when the time came; that he had brought the matter before the council informally at several meetings, and they had sustained him in it, and that he, the mayor, was confident that seven-eighths of the citizens would sustain him in it. Mr. Weaver states that there are over 100,000 bales of cotton in Montgomery belonging to the citizens of Alabama.

CITY POINT, VA., March 13, 1865-7.30 p. m.

(Received 8 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Were orders sent placing Steele in command of the Thirteenth Corps? I received a letter from Canby to-day of the 1st of of March. At that time he said nothing about starting for Mobile. Although I wrote to him he must go in command himself, I have seen nothing from him indicating an intention to do so. In fact, I have seen but little from Canby to show that he intends to do or have anything done.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 13, 1865-9.30 p. m.

(Received 1.35 a. m. 14th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

Five thousand men under Brigadier-General Cruft started from Chattanooga at 1 p. m. to-day for General Sherman. I am on my way to Knoxville to arrange matters there.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, March 13, 1865.

(Received 14th.)

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c.:

All the First Division excepting three regiments got off to-day. No more cars until Wednesday. We cannot start the wagon train until we receive forage by the cars. Can you hurry up the forage? Train off near Stevenson; one man killed.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Huntsville, Ala., March 13, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

I wish you would transfer the Eighteenth Michigan to the Fourth Corps. It is the wish of the regiment. I desire greatly to have Brigadier-General Doolittle in the Fourth Corps.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

