
unheard of rains in this region within the last two weeks have covered the face of the entire country as a sea. The Tennessee River is higher than ever known before. Our crossing is very difficult, though I hope to get everything over by the noon of to-morrow.

With the best wishes in the world for success, hereafter as heretofore, I am, dear general, very truly, your friend,

J. H. WILSON.

GRAVELLY SPRINGS, March 13, 1865-8.30 p. m.

(Received 16th.)

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

General Hatch has generously stripped his command of every Spencer carbine and horse to fit up Croxton. He has not left 2,000 serviceable carbines; has 5,000 men already here, and more arriving. Horses and arms should be supplied him at once, if possible; and, if not possible, he should be ordered to Louisville. He has not arms enough to guard the stores from a determined attack. The interests of the service as well as the conduct of the division during the late campaign entitle it to a thorough refit. I am averse, however, to its going to Louisville if it can be avoided. I have directed General Hatch to send an officer to confer with you. Please give him instructions and do what you can to send horses, arms, and accouterments. I have telegraphed Major Chambliss.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Gravelly Springs, Ala., March 13, 1865.

Major WILLIAM P. CHAMBLISS,Special Inspector of Cavalry, Louisville, Ky.:

General Hatch has turned over every horse and Spencer carbine in his command to the First Division. The interests of the service demand that he should be immediately furnished with horses, Spencer carbines, and Blakely boxes for 5,000 men. He has only about 2,000 serviceable arms. Please represent these facts to the Bureau, and if possible have the remounts and arms sent to Eastport. To move the division to Louisville would be prejudicial to the interests of the service. I have authorized General Hatch to send an officer via Nashville to see what can be done.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, March 13, 1865-1 p. m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

Brigadier-General Cruft's command, numbering about 5,000, will leave here at 2 o'clock this afternoon.

JAS. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

