
Numbers 85. - Colonel Charles A. Gilchrist, Fiftieth U. S. Colored Infantry, of operations April 3 - 9.

Numbers 86. - Colonel A. Watson Webber, Fifty-first U. S. Colored Infantry, of operations April 1 - 9.

Numbers 87. - Colonel Charles W. Drew, Seventy-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations April 1 - 9.

Numbers 88. - Colonel Frederick M. Crandal, Forty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, of operations April 1 - 9.

Numbers 89. - Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Densmore, Sixty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, of operations April 1 - 9.

Numbers 90. - Major William E. Nye, Seventy-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, of operations April 2 - 9.

Numbers 91. - Bvt. Major General Benjamin H. Grierson, U. S. Army,commanding Cavalry Forces, of operations April 17 - May 29.

Numbers 92. - Brigadier General Thomas J. Lucas, U. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations March 25 and April 9 - June 6.

Numbers 93. - Lieutenant Colonel Algernon S. Badger, First Louisiana Cavalry, of operations March 25.

Numbers 94. - Lieutenant Colonel Andrew B. Spurling, Second Maine Cavalry, commanding brigade, of operations March 19 - 26 and April 1 - 7.

Numbers 95. - Major Franklin Moore, Second Illinois Cavalry, of operations March 18 - 28.

Numbers 96. - Medals of Honor awarded for distinguished services under Resolution of Congress, Numbers 43, approved July 12, 1862, and section 6 of Act of Congress approved March 3, 1863.

Numbers 97. - Brigadier General Randall L. Gibson, C. S. Army, commanding forces on Eastern Shore of Mobile Bay, of operations March 23 - April 11.

Numbers 98. - Lieutenant John W. Bennett, C. S. Navy, commanding steamer Nashville, of operations March 27 - April 11.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Edward R. S. Canby, U. S. Army, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, of operations March 17 - May 26.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, June 1, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit for the consideration of the lieutenant-general commanding the army the following report of military operations in this division:

Pending the advance of General Sherman from Atlanta and the invasion of Tennessee by Hood, the available force of the division was employed in co-operative movements to prevent the rebel force of Kirby Smith from crossing the Mississippi; in operations against a part of Hood's communications, and by demonstrations on the Gulf coast to prevent re-enforcements being sent to him from Alabama and Mississippi. This led to a dissemination of the disposable force at several points on the Gulf coast and along the course of the Mississippi and Ohio Rivers as high up as Paducah, Ky. As soon as this pressure was removed by the decisive defeat of Hood by General Thomas these detachments were gathered up as rapidly as possible and prepared for service in another direction. The service then contemplated was a movement from the Gulf coast in co-operation with one which General Sherman had advised, that Thomas had been directed to make, and the force available for this service was about 22,000 men of all arms.

On the 3rd of February I was advised from the Headquarters of the Army that my command would be materially re-enforced from the Army

