
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 11. Louisville, Ky., March 13, 1865.

Camps of rendezvous for the reception of recruits are hereby established at the following-named places, and the officers designated as commandants will immediately enter upon their duties: Camp Nelson, Lieutenant Colonel George A. Hanaford, One hundred and twenty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry, commandant; Bowling Green, Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Babcock, Twelfth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, commandant; Covington, Bvt. Brigadier General J. F. Wade, U. S. Volunteers, commandant; Henderson, Lieutenant Colonel John Glenn, One hundred and twentieth Colored Infantry, commandant; Maysvile, Lieutenant Colonel W. A. Cage, One hundred and twenty-first Colored Infantry, commandant; Smithland, Lieutenant Colonel J. T. Foster, Thirteenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, commandant; Columbus, Lieutenant Colonel Peter P. Dobozy, Fourth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, commandant. General Orders, Numbers 20, dated Louisville, Ky., June 13, 1864, signed L. Thomas, Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, and General Orders, Numbers 243, dated War Department, Washington, August 9, 1864, and signed E. D. Townsend, assistant adjutant-general, will be complied with. Bvt. Brigadier General James S. Brisbin, superintendent organization U. S. troops in Kentucky, will give the necessary instructions and orders for the proper establishment and regulation of camps of rendezvous.

By command of Major-General Palmer:

J. P. WATSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

U. S. MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP BLACK HAWK, Mount City, March 13, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, New Orleans:

GENERAL: I transmit inclosed a copy of a communication addressed by me to-day to Acting Rear-Admiral Thatcher, also a copy of the inclosure therein referred to, both relating to the vessels sent for temporary service from this to the West Gulf Blockading Squadron. I wish you to understand the matter.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.

[Inclosure.]

U. S. MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP BLACK HAWK,

Mound City, March 13, 1865.

Acting Rear-Admiral H. K. THATCHER,

Commanding West Gulf Blockading Squadron, New Orleans:

ADMIRAL: Commodore Palmer has informed me, under date of 28th ultimo, that the six vessels sent from this to the West Gulf Blockading Squadron have arrived at New Orleans, but states that he questions whether any of them except the Osage will be of use, as they require a great deal of time and expense to repair them. The commanding officer of the Naiad, which, with the Peri, you have ordered to return to this squadron, also informs me that your fleet engineer said that the vessels were not sent down in good condition. When application was made to me about February 1, at New Orleans, for these vessels, I was

