
the crossing of additional troops by the enemy. I request, therefore, that they may be returned as soon as their services can be dispensed with. I recall your attention to the fact that none of these vessels are provided with condensers or water-tanks, having been designated to operate in inland waters only.

Wishing you entire success in the forthcoming operations in your squadron.

I am, respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Commanding Mississippi Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 13, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have seen Lieutenant-Colonel Sawtelle upon the subject of transportation to Mobile, and am of the opinion that the difficulties which have occurred will be removed. There appears to have been a misapprehension on the part of Colonel Holabird in relation to the line of responsibility between himself and Lieutenant-Colonel Sawtelle. This is now fully explained, and I believe that matters will now move with as much smoothness as can be expected in such cases. It is, of course, very important that some competent authority should designate the order in which troops and supplies should be sent forward. As I am wholly uninformed on these points, I request that this may be done, and all such instructions when received will be promptly conformed to, Grierson's cavalry (Knipe's division), I am informed, are all here, and I am urging their equipment and transfer. The river above is still rising, and the reports show a probability of the temporary abandonment of Morganza.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER, New Orleans, La., March 13, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 13th day of March, 1865: In a letter from Captain Collins, Confederate scout, to a person in this city, he states that he expects a visit about this time from one Ike Hutchinson, from Lavaca, Tex., who has charge of the torpedoes in Red River. This, taken in connection with Mr. Hunnicutt's report of the designs of Jones (also from Lavaca), who was at Houston, Tex., January 12, to destroy the iron-clad Tennessee and other gun-boats at the mouth of Red River, leads me to believe that there is some such plan on foot, of which the commanders of gun-boats should be notified. The following is a description of the torpedo-boats, one of which is at Houston and four at Shreveport: The boat is forty feet

58 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

