
II. The following-named officers are announced on the staff of the brigadier-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Captain Edward Hemenway, assistant adjutant-general; J. W. Wells, first lieutenant, Seventy-third U. S. Colored Troops, aide-de-camp.

WM. A. PILE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., March 14, 1865-12 noon.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

Has Stoneman started on his raid? Have you commenced moving troops to Knoxville and Cumberland Gap?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, March 14, 1865-5 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point:

General Stoneman has not started yet. I am now on my way to Knoxville to get him off. The heavy rains have delayed him up to this time. One division of infantry is now on its way to Bull's Gap. The others will follow as soon as we get the transportation.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., March 14, 1865.

Brigadier-General BEATTY,

Commanding Third Division:

The general commanding directs me to inform you that there will be 106 cars ready for your division to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock. He thinks that will take about two brigades (your two smaller ones). Please have them here ready to load at that time.

I am, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Huntsville, Ala., March 14, 1865.

This command will move by rail to Knoxville in the following order: First, Second Brigade; second, First Brigade; third, Third Brigade.

The Second Brigade will march in time to be at the railroad depot ready for embarkation at 7 a. m. to-morrow. The First and Third Brigades will hold themselves in readiness to march at an hour's notice. The troops will take with them all their baggage, and will be supplied with five days' rations for the men, and three days' forage for the animals transported with the troops. The horses of mounted officers and the pack animals of each brigade will be loaded on a train separate

