
from the troops, and if flat-cars can be obtained one wagon for each brigade headquarters will be transported by rail. At least three regimental quartermasters of each brigade will accompany the troops. The transportation of the division will march by land under an escort of two regiments-the Fourth Michigan and Forty-ninth Ohio Volunteers-under command of Colonel Hall, who is intrusted with the entire control of the troops and train. The troops of the escort will be supplied with sixty rounds of ammunition per man, forty of which will be carried in cartridge-boxes. They will carry with them all their baggage, twelve days' rations for the men, and twelve days' forage for the animals. Brigade and regimental commanders will see that the troops commit no depredations along the line of the railroad, and the commander of the escort for the train will prevent all pillaging by teamsters and others of the command of inhabitants of the country along the line of march of the train. The quartermasters with the train will be held strictly accountable for the conduct of the teamsters and men under their control. On arriving at Chattanooga the escort and detachments with the train will draw fifteen days' rations for the men and fifteen days' forage for the animals. Wagons will be sent from the supply train to transport the baggage to the depot. The troops will not be permitted to destroy their huts, as other troops will be here to occupy them.

By command of Brigadier-General Beatty:

ALEXIS COPE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., March 14, 1865-10.30 p. m.

Major General J. H. WILSON,

Eastport, Miss.:

Your telegram of 9 a. m. 12th received. If the report made to you by the railroad man be true, then your expedition should be completely successful. General Canby will march against Selma the moment he gets Mobile. He will have over 40,000 infantry. General Hatch will get his horses in time to have enough to do this summer. I am now on my way to Knoxville to get Stoneman off and concentrate all my available infantry at Bull's Gap, after which I may move on Lynchburg.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

CARROLL'S LANDING, ALA., March 14, 1865.

Brevet Major-General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

DEAR GENERAL: Please send the Fourth Division to Waterloo. They can get to the river without the slightest difficulty, and can be crossed in from six to ten hours after arrival there. Please let me know how much of headquarters and escort you want to take down to-morrow, and at what hour, and I will have some boat come up to the upper Connor's Landing for them. Please send your answer to Connor's, as I am going up there right away. A great deal of time will be saved by sending Upton to Waterloo.

Yours, truly,

E. B. CARLING,

Chief Quartermaster.

