
NASHVILLE, March 14, 1865.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

General Cruft arrived here at 7 a. m. and all his troops between 8 and 9 a. m., all O. K., without accident or delay. He has them nearly all loaded on boats and ready to move north.

W. J. STEVENS,

Acting General Superintendent.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 14, 1865.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,

Pulaski:

Direct Colonel McCoy at Columbia to relieve the Forty-seventh Missouri at once, the best way he can, and send it here for orders to go to Missouri. The One hundred and forty-eighth Indiana will start for Columbia to-morrow.

By command of Major-General Rousseau:

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Numbers 57. Knoxville, Tenn., March 14, 1865.

* * * * * *

IV. All the regiments and detachments of foot belonging to the Second Brigade, except the Second Ohio Heavy Artillery, will be at once concentrated near New Market, Tenn., and will be under the command of the senior officer present for duty. The Second Ohio Heavy Artillery will guard the railroad communications from Athens to Strawberry Plains and garrison the posts of Knoxville and Loudon. One four-gun battery will be put in condition by General Tillson as soon as possible and sent forward with the foot in the field. The command of all the troops of General Tillson's brigade, not included in the above order, except the cavalry, will be turned over by him to Colonel Gibson, Second Ohio Heavy Artillery, who will also assume the command of the post and defenses of Knoxville.

V. The Eleventh and Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry will leave here to-morrow and encamp to-morrow evening at Strawberry Plains and there await orders from the major-general commanding. The quartermaster's department will furnish to each of the above-named regiments one wagon for the transportation of forage from the depot to their camp.

By command of Major-General Stoneman:

G. M. BASCOM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

VICKSBURG, March 14, 1865.

Brigadier General M. L. SMITH:

GENERAL: I deem it my duty both as a loyal citizen and an old acquaintance of yours to notify you that on yesterday I was informed through a very reliable source, but not connected with the rebel military, that there were only 4,000 troops now at or within striking distance of Mobile. The force recently held by Forrest in Hinds County

