
Illinois Infantry Volunteers, Colonel H. F. Sickles; One hundred and fifty-first Illinois Infantry Volunteers, Colonel F. B. Woodall; One hundred and eighty-seventh Ohio Infantry Volunteers, Colonel A. R. Z. Dawson. Brigadier General H. M. Judah is assigned to its command, and to whom all reports and returns of troops required by existing department orders will be made. All orders from these headquarters at variance with this are hereby revoked.

II. Subject to the approval of the major-general commanding Department of the Cumberland, the following-named regiments are organized into a brigade to be known as the Second Brigade, Second Separate Division, Army of the Cumberland: Sixty-eighth New York Infantry Volunteers, Colonel Felix Pr. Salm; One hundred and forty-ninth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, Colonel William C. Kneffner; One hundred and fiftieth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, Colonel G. W. Keener; One hundred and eighty-sixth Ohio Infantry Volunteers, Colonel Wildes. Colonel Felix Pr. Salm, Sixty-eighth New York Volunteers, senior officer of the brigade, is assigned to its command, and to whom all reports and returns of troops required by existing department orders will be made. All orders from these headquarters at variance with this are hereby revoked.

* * * * * *

IV. Battery M, First Illinois Light Artillery, is relieved from further duty at Chattanooga and ordered to Cleveland, Tenn., for duty in charge of the artillery of that garrison. The commanding officer will report through the chief of artillery, District of the Etowah, making such reports to the post or garrison commander as he may require.

V. Colonel H. S. Commager, One hundred and eighty-fourth Ohio Infantry Volunteers, will relieve with this command the One hundred and fiftieth Illinois Regiment, stationed at Bridgeport, and in block-houses for defense of Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad between Bridgeport and Chattanooga, making headquarters at Bridgeport and assuming command of that garrison. Colonel Commager will be charged with the constant patrolling and safety of the railroad from depredations along the entire line occupied by his command. All reports and returns required by existing department orders will be made direct to these headquarters. The artillery at Bridgeport will report through the chief of artillery, District of the Etowah, but will make such reports to the garrison commander as he may require. Colonel Felix Pr. Salm will turn the books and records of the garrison over to Colonel Commager.

By command of Major-General Steedman:

S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES NASHVILLE AND CHATTANOOGA RAILROAD, Numbers 53. Tullahoma, March 15, 1865.

I. Company F, of the Forty-second Regiment Missouri Volunteer Infantry, will proceed to McMinnville, Tenn., without delay and report to Captain Lewis, of said regiment, for duty till further orders. This company will take camp and garrison equipage, forty rounds of ammunition, and ten days' rations.

II. Lieutenant Colonel T. J. Stauber, commanding Forty-second Regiment Missouri Volunteer Infantry, will proceed to Shelbyville, Tenn., without delay with Companies C, G, and E, of his regiment, at which place they will remain as a garrison till further orders. Lieutenant-Colonel Stauber

