
West Tennessee. In doing so it is due, both to myself and the troops thus placed under my command, to say that every effort will be made to render them thoroughly effective. To do this, strict obedience to all orders must be rigidly enforced by subordinate commanders, and prompt punishment inflicted for all violations of law and of orders. The rights and property of citizens must be respected and protected, and the illegal organizations of cavlary prowling through the country under various authorities, not recognized as legitimate, or which have been by the proper authorities revoked, must be placed regularly and properly in the service or driven from the country. They are in many instances nothing more nor less than roving bands of deserters, absentees, stragglers, horse-thieves, and robbers, who consume the substance and appropriate the property of citizens without remuneration, and whose acts of lawlessness and crime demand a remedy, which I shall not hesitate to apply, even to extermination. The maxim "that kindness to bad men in cruelty to the good," is peculiarly applicable to soldiers, for all agree that without obedience and strict discipline troops cannot be made effective, and kindness to a bad soldier does great injustice to those who are faithful and true, and it is but justice to those who discharge their duties with promptness and fidelity that others who are disobedient, turbulent and mutinous, or who desert or straggle from their commands, should be promptly and effectively dealt with, as the law directs. I sincerely hope, therefore, while in the discharge of the arduous duties devolving upon me, and in all the efforts necessary to render the troops of this command available and effective to suppress lawlessness and defend the country, I shall have the hearty co-operation of all subordinate commanders, and the unqualified support of every brave and faithful soldier.

[N. B. FORREST.]

MONTGOMERY, ALA., January 24, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel G. A. HENRY,

Inspector-General, Meridian, Miss.:

Cannot you have some one else put in your stead and you report here? An inspector is badly wanted in Montgomery. Telegraph General Taylor on the subject.

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., January 24, 1865.

COMMANDANT OF POST AT DEMOPOLIS AND SELMA:

See that no delay occurs in transmission of troops at your post. Complaint of delay is made.

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CHALMERS' DIVISION, FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS, Numbers --. New Buena Vista, January 24, 1865.

I. Captain Alexander, Fourth Alabama Cavalry, will report with his command to Colonel Wheeler, commanding First Tennessee Cavalry, at Columbus or wherever he may be.

