
II. Lieutenant-Colonel Outlaw, Provisional Army, C. S., is directed to proceed to Winston County and arrest all men belonging to Captain Hutton's company, of Asheraft's regiment, Gholson's brigade. He will arrest Lieutenant Welsh of this company and put him in close confinement until such time as he can bring him under guard to these headquarters; if he makes any resistance he will put him in irons. From Winston he will move through Attala County and arrest all absentees he may find and shoot down any one who attempts to escape. He will make reports from time to time of his progress and locality, and report back to these headquarters at the expiration of thirty days, unless sooner ordered.

* * * * * *

V. Colonel Lowry, commanding Gholson's brigade, and Colonel Henderson, commanding detachment McCulloch's brigade, will move with their commands on to-morrow, via Houston, to Palo Alto. Colonel Lowry, on his arrival there, will establish communication by courier line with West Point, placing the posts four miles apart and three men at each post. A competent officer will be put in charge of the line, and one horse at each post kept saddled at all times.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

L. T. LINDSEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 20. Richmond, January 25, 1865.

* * * * * *

XV. The company styled the Mobile Guards, First Regiment Mobile Volunteers, Local Defense Troops, is hereby disbanded. The commissions of the officers are vacated from this date.

* * * * * *

By command of Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., January 25, 1865.

Major E. WILLIS,

Meridian, Miss.:

General Beauregard wishes troops which have not left Meridian to move via Mobile. The delays from Demopolis to this place are great.

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., January 25, 1865.

General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Tupelo, Miss.:

Who is commanding brigade lately commanded by General John Adams? Who would do best? What is your opinion as to Colonel Lowry, of Sixth Mississippi Regiment?

JEFF'N DAVIS.

