HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS, Verona, January 25, 1865.

Brigadier General J. R. CHALMERS:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that he intends reorganizing [into] one division all the Tennessee troops of his command, and he directs that the Tennessee portion of Buford's division and Bucker's brigade, with all other Tennessee cavalry now reporting to you, [be sent] to this place for the purpose of organizing. You will also direct that all the wagons belonging to the Tennessee commands be sent up to this place. Major Bennett will come with them, also the quartermasters of, or attached to, the other Tennessee commands. Send their ordnance wagons also, but let all their wagons come light or empty, sending everything up by rail to this place that otherwise would be brought in the wagons. Armstrong's brigade is furloughed until the 10th of February, to meet then at West Point. The major-general commanding directs me to say that he wishes you to get up all the Mississippi commands as rapidly as possible, as they will also be reorganized. Let the officers of Gholson's command be sent with details in such numbers and such directions as will enable them to get up their men, to report with same at least by the 10th, and all absentees from that command at that time will be sent to infantry, officers dropped from rolls and conscripted, and the regiments consolidated unless they are filled up.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL ALABAMA, Talladega, January 25, 1865.

Colonel E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Alabama,

Mississippi, and East Louisiana, Meridian, Miss.:

COLONEL: I am in receipt of your communication of the 21st instant, in reference to the command tendered me of a division of cavalry under Major-General Forrest. I am greatly obliged to the lieutenant-general commanding for the suggestion and the renewed evidence of the courtesy and interest which he has uniformly shown in my behalf. I feel complimented also at the disposition manifested by Major-General Forrest to have me with his command, as there is no cavalry officer, in my opinion, who has gone as much to shed honor upon his profession. But I received the application, which I sent through your headquarters to be transferred to the Trans-Mississippi Department, with the favorable indorsement of the lieutenant-general commanding, some ten days since and immediately forwarded it to Richmond. Anticipating the early and favorable action of the War Department, I have made all my arrangements for the prompt execution of the order and could not, therefore, conveniently of consistently accept the position suggested.

Hoping, however, I may be enabled to render some further service to our cause, I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully,

DANL. W. ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

