
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF MISS. AND EAST LA., Numbers 6. Jackson, Miss., January 30, 1865.

In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 24, current series, from department headquarters, Major General Will T. Martin relinquishes the command of this district to Brigadier General Wirt Adams.

By order of Major General Will T. Martin:

P. ELLIS, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS, Numbers 21. Verona, January 30, 1865.

* * * * * *

X. Asst. Surg. William T. Bell is relieved from duty with the Fifteenth Tennessee Regiment of Cavalry, and will report to Brigadier General J. R. Chalmers for assignment.

By order of Major-General Forrest:

J. P. STRANGE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEPARTMENT EAST LOUISIANA AND SOUTH MISSISSIPPI, Camp Jerusalem, Church, Amite City, Miss., January 30, 1865.

[Captain CHARLES H. ALLEN,

Company A, Second Kentucky Cavalry, Acting Adjutant:]

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions from Colonel John S. Scott, asking a report of the operations and condition of my command, I have the honor to submit the following statement, and respectfully ask attention to the suggestions hereinafter mentioned: Having selected an encampment, suitable alike for foraging my command and for the arrest of the absentees from the brigade, I ordered detachments from the Third and Fifth Regiments, and cavalry, under strict and vigilant officers, to scour the districts where my men most frequented, with instructions to arrest and bring to camp, closely guarded, all absentees from the army found without proper and legal authority, and all men between the ages of eighteen and forty-five. Details are daily arriving with prisoners, and a report from Lieutenant-Colonel Amacker, of the Third Louisiana Regiment, gives me every reason to believe that my scouting parties are rendering efficient and long-needed service. Men have been arrested and are now in confinement that have been absent without leave from their armies from twelve to eighteen months, roaming the country as jayhawkers, cotton-stealers and runners, marauders, jeopardizing alike the discipline of the army and the safety of the citizen. These men have attached themselves to wild-cat organizations, and under a partial recognition from unauthorized authority-district headquarters-have for a time baffled every attempt in returning them to duty. These organizations have had my especial attention, and the men of my own command, and all others found in them, will be arrested and the status of the officers examined. I am confident that within six weeks this entire country, which might be styled the "deserters' home," can be thoroughly cleaned and the regiments of the brigade filled up to a respectable number. My attention is given to the discipline of the men and officers in campo and to the improvement of the condition of my horses, sadly reduced by late heavy

