
marches, and I am persuaded, captain, and urge your attention to the necessity as an imperative duty for the arrest, confinement, and punishment of the men of the brigade, as it can be placed upon a war footing equal to the demands of the country and the expectations of the division commander, under whose eye the men of Louisiana will represent the State. That the brigade has material of the best kind none will deny, and in the new field assigned to it let it be prepared with its ranks full and its banners floating, to battle successfully against the enemy, reflecting credit upon our State and honor to our country. Having a deep and earnest desire to retain and deserve the proud title of defender of my country, I will use every effort, spare no means that will accomplish this object, that Scott's Louisiana Brigade may take its true position, and that expectations may [be] fully realized. That this country can [be] relieved of the incubus and the disgrace caused by deserters within the time I have mentioned, am confident, and I respectfully ask that such a length of time be granted, satisfied that if these regiments are moved out of this district any sooner-they be but skeletons-our homes that we leave behind us will be subject to pillage and our families impoverished in supporting a band of jayhawkers. These reasons affect all good soldiers. Remove the cause and all will return and cheerfully do their duty.

I am, captain, yours,

D. GOBER,

Colonel, Commanding Sixteenth Louisiana Regiment, Army of Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH ALABAMA,Near Moulton, January 30, 1865-8 a. m.

General ADAMS,

Talladega:

GENERAL: Your favor of 28th has just reached me. In reply will state that matters stand as last reported in enemy's lines. The subject of conversation with Yankee officers is their anticipated move south. Considerable attention has been given to the investigation of the two routes-one via Elyton and one the Byler road via Tuscaloosa. The transportation belonging to the Fourth Army Corps is said to be in bad condition, and at last report a large number of wagons were expected from somewhere north. Scouts are now due, from whom I expect information from Stevenson and the line between Chattanooga and Huntsville, and will forward whatever I may get of importance promptly to your headquarters.

Please forward any late Southern papers, and oblige, very respectfully,

P. D. RODDEY,

Brigadier-General.

MERIDIAN, January 30, 1865.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Talladega, Ala.:

Accounts per other sources relative to Thomas' army would indicate the force to which you allude can only be a small cavalry raid. Ascertain definitely about it and report promptly by telegraph.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

60 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

