
MERIDIAN, January 31, 1865.

Major-General MAURY,

Mobile, Ala.:

Two hundred and ninety artillerists without guns leave Columbus to-day for Mobile by river; 1,000 more from Columbus, and about 200 from General Forrest, to go to same point as soon as transportation can be obtained.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Monthly report of operations for the defense of Mobile, Ala., during the month of January, 1865.

CITY ENTRENCHMENTS.

A.-Repairs completed.

D.-Repairs completed.

F.-Drains taken out; sod placed on faces of bomb-proof to prevent washing; cavalier on top of magazine completed.

I.-Kitchens completed; carpenters engaged in putting up the frame-work of the passage-ways through the cross traverse posterns through the gallery and covering magazine; the brick masons in connecting the sally-ports with the kitchens.

N.-Arrival of hands from Spanish Fort has enabled some progress to be made in putting earth on parapet for merlon.

Clearing in front of left wing: 15, one platform laid; 16, two platforms laid. Redan near Spring Hill shell road nearly completed; redan between I and K completed and curtain continued; redan between E and F and F and G completed. A battery for two light guns on the beach between N and Buchanan (for enfilading bay front in both directions) has been completed except platforms. In consequence of the small force of laborers, but very little progress has been made on this line. The rains have seriously damaged the revetment of the works. Much damage and inconvenience results from their unfinished condition, turfing on the interior slopes being very much needed. Lamber cannot be had on account of movements of troops constantly occupying railroads and boats during the past month, thus interfering with the obtaining of materials.

BAY BATTERIES.

Gladden.-Obstructions have been driven to guard against boat attack.

Tilghman.-Platforms leveled, guns remounted, and battery completed.

McIntosh.-Repairs of traverses completed; parapet repaired; galleries finished; boat obstructions driven; 10-inch banded gun dismounted and preparations made for larger chassis and carriage. Lower part of traverses rivetted with wood.

Square iron battery.-Broke away from its moorings northeast of McIntosh and was replaced, but again drifted off and now lies against the upper obstructions. As soon as practicable she will be towed to the mouth of One-Mile Creek.

