
EASTERN DIVISION.

Blakely.-Strengthened parapets of Nos. 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9; rivetted interior slopes of 2 and 3; constructed flanks to Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9, and made embrasures to same works; rivetted embrasures of batteries Nos. 6, 7, 8, and 9 with hurdle revetments; constructed positions in embrasures for two guns; one on the left of Numbers 2, the other between 3 and 4. Added thirty paces of rifle-pit at Numbers 1, besides two guns-sunken battery. Prepared material for abatis around entire line. Cleared in front and on flank of Numbers 1.

Spanish Fort.-Wharf built; Numbers 2 strengthened, but not finished, connecting 2 and 3; rivetting 3 and 4 with pole revetment; embrasures cut, merlons built, and the whole line generally improved by the addition of a strong abatis.

Huger.-Has progressed rather slowly for want of earth. Gallery to new magazine has been framed and is now being put up. The past month has been very unfavorable to work on the water batteries on account of bad weather, one severe storm and repeated fogs.

TORPEDOES.

Ten Rains' torpedoes have been planted, beginning at the terminus of unfinished line and running from southeast corner of obstructions toward Knobloch's, across Garrows Bend in eight feet water, low tide, about twenty-feet apart. The line is still unfinished for want of powder.

WORKSHOPS.

Wheelwrights have been repairing wagons, carts, and wheelbarrows; ship-carpenters building launches and pontoons; carpenters framing magazines, making platforms, &amp;c.; blacksmiths making nails, general work in slop on torpedo-boat; &c.; machine-shop finishing rip-saw, scroll-saw, butt-saw, and wood-lathes, repairing tools.

Probable operations for February.

City entrenchments.-Embrasuring all the redoubts, strengthening curtains, repairing damages, finishing magazines of I, K, and N, and rear parapet at N, stockading rear of other works, clearing in front of line, removing old line.

Bay batteries.-Repairs, completing extension of magazine at McIntosh.

Eastern division.-Finishing new magazine at Huger, traversing guns at Huger and Tracy from fire of heights on eastern shore; clearing in front of works at Blakely, stockading rear of these works, strengthening abatis.

Respectfully submitted.

SAML. H. LOCKETT,

Colonel and Chief Engineer, Dept. Ala., Miss., and East La.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF MISS. AND EAST LA., Numbers 7. Jackson, Miss., January31, 1865.

I. In obedience to the orders of the lieutenant-general commanding department I assume command of the District of Mississippi and East Louisiana.

II. The district staff will remain unchanged.

