
III. Lieutenant G. Y. Scott and W. H. Barnett, aides-de-camp, are announced as the personal staff, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

WIRT ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

MERIDIAN, January 31, 1865.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Talladega, Ala.:

Lieutenant-General Taylor directs that you at once impress 200 negroes in Walker, Jefferson, Shelby, and Blount Counties, Ala., for ten days to obstruct and fortify main roads from Tennessee River.

W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, MISS., February 1, 1865.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Your telegram of to-day received. The following is a copy of telegram sent to General Beauregard several days ago:

In view of the fact which you communicate, Sherman's movements render a victory necessary to us at once, and it will require all our means to insure it. I can resist a raid without Stewart's corps, and cannot fight with it against an army. French's division is very weak, but will enable me to fully garrison Mobile and Choctaw Bluff. The remainder of the corps should go east at once. We can thus save Lee's communications, raise the siege of Mobile, should it be invested, or be prepared to meet Thomas when he advances in the spring.

Pursuant to orders from General Beauregard, sent in answer to the above. I am now sending General Stewart with Loring's and Walthall's divisions to Augusta.

Respectfully,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., February 1, 1865.

General R. TAYLOR,

Meridian, Miss.:

I telegraphed General Beauregard in relation to General Roddey. It is thought, on special grounds, better that General Roddey, with his command, should remain in his present district.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

MERIDIAN, February 1, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Macon, Ga.:

Telegraph of yesterday received. General Stewart will follow on to Augusta with Loring's and Walthall's divisions immediately.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

