
past few days sent fifteen light-duty men to this country for this duty. I am satisfied from my knowledge of the energy and patriotism of Captain Withers, commanding a company of reserves for this county, that Lieutenant Johns could have easily procured his co-operation if he had urged the matter. The truth is, Lieutenant Johns is a good-natured, inefficient officer, and his office in the county is almost worthless.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WALTER,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA., Numbers 31. Meridian, February 1, 1865.

* * * * *

II. Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Moore, Twenty-fifth Louisiana Regiment, will proceed with his command, on the arrival of Gibson's brigade, to Mobile Ala., leaving an officer of his regiment at this point to take charge of all the straggling men of Gibson's brigade and forward them promptly to their command.

* * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

E. SURGET,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,

Meridian, February 1, 1865.

Major General D. H. MAURY

Commanding District of the Gulf, Mobile:

GENERAL: French's division, of Stewart's corps has been ordered to report to you, in addition to the troops already advised. In the engineer's report of operations at Mobile for the week ending 28th of January, I observe that very slow progress is making and that the delay is attributed to the want of labor timber, &amp;c. I have frequently urged the necessity of employing soldiers upon these defenses, and when the present re-enforcements reach you I desire them disposed of at once along the position of the lines you intend them to occupy, and furnished with tools and placed at work. They interfere in no way with the negroes, who can be collected and employed at separate and distinct points. The arrival of these troops will give you a force for Choctaw Bluff, and will doubtless enable you to relieve a portion of the Alabama Reserves, who are greatly needed by General Adams to garrison Selma, Opelika and Coosa bridge. You are already aware of my opinion that any force at Mobile over and above that required to hold the lines and furnish the necessary relief would be a weight and incumbrance to you. In placing the light artillerists from the Army of Tennessee on duty as infantry, you will assure both officers and men that such assignment is only temporary, and they will be returned to their proper arm of the service as soon as guns can be obtained for them. There are some light pieces recently turned over, which could be sent you if you can use them to advantage. As soon as the existing pressure for the movement of troops ceases, a portion of the cars of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad will be sent down to meet your purposes on the lower part of the road. I must

