
again impress upon you the importance of pushing on your defensive works and accumulating supplies, and to the end that there may be noo negligence on the part of the officers intrusted with these duties, I desire that you will forward a daily report of the progress that is made. The enemy may develop his movements upon the city at any moment, and we certainly, after four years' preparations, should be ready to meet him. Please reply as early as possible to the dispositions you make in connection with the points touched upon in this communication-namely, the number of reserves you will be able to send to General Adams and the force, both of infantry and artillerists, you can send to Choctaw Bluff. I would suggest Colonel W. R. Miles as a suitable and efficient officer to command Choctaw Bluff and Evans Bluff, and will order him to report to you for that purpose if you desire it.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CHALMERS' DIVISION, FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS, Numbers 3. February 1, 1865

The following officers are announced on the staff of the brigadier-general commanding: Major J. P. Horbach, division quartermaster; Captain S. O'Neil, paymaster.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers;

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, February 1, 1865

Brigadier General W. H. JACKSON,

Columbus, Miss.:

You are assigned to command of Ross' and two Tennessee brigades for your division. Order Ross immediately with wagon train and everything to Canton. He will receive orders temporarily through General Adams, commanding sub-district.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., February 1, 1865.

General H. B. LYON,

Meridian, Miss.:

Report to General Taylor with your command.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

MERIDIAN, February 2, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Augusta, Ga.:

Your telegram relative to transportation and batteries for Stewart received, and will be attended to. Schofield, with Twenty-third Corps

