
issue such orders to them as in your discretion may be necessary. You will forward a copy of this portion hereof to Brigadier-General Roddey by your courier-line. The President telegraphed me yesterday that the enemy was certainly moving a large portion of Thomas' force eastward over the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. If this be true, no very serious expeditions into Alabama or Mississippi will be attempted by the enemy for the present.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

BRISTOL, TENN., February 2, 1865.

Major JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: On the 23rd of last month I made application to take part of my command and move below Knoxville. I refer you to my application for the reasons, and would add that I have reliable information that some officers from General Wheeler's command have established a camp in Cherokee County, N. C., and now number some 90 or 100 men. These camps are being established along the border oof East Tennesee and North Carolina, from which points small raids are made into East Tennessee, property impressed and stolen and carried into Georgia and sold. Every day men are leaving Wheeler's command and many from my own are going and joining these commands, and it will take strong measures to break up these parties and have the men returned to their proper commands. Thinking I could effect some good toward doing so, and in the meantime get some new recruits, and if a chance presented I would strike the enemy a blow when I found them exposed. I feel certain I can effect some good for the cause. The sooner I make the move the better it will be.

Your attention to the above will much oblige, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

AUGUSTA, February 3, 1865.

General S. COOPER;

General Taylor, from Meridian, February 1, reports Wood's corps, with large force of cavalry, still near Huntsville; Schofield's command at Clifton on Tennessee River. Enemy has completed railroad to Decatur from Nashville and [via?] Stevenson, and is using every energy to complete the line between those points and [via?] Pulaski. He is still moving troops down Mississippi, believed to be A. J. Smith's infantry.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., February 3, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WADDY,

Chief Ordnance Officer, Macon, Ga.:

Bledsoe's battalion, twelve Napoleons, leaves here to-day; has 100 rounds ammunition on hand. Need complete harness for Bledsoe's battery.

HARRY BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

