
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF MISS. AND EAST LA., Numbers 8. Jackson, Miss., February 3, 1865.

I. The present District of West Tennesee and all that portion of Mississippi north of the counties of Noxubee, Winston, Attala, Holmes, and Washington, will constitute a district to be called the District of North Mississippi and West Tennessee.

II. Brigadier General Marcus J. Wright is assigned to the command of the District of North Mississippi and West Tennessee.

III. The sub-district of Southwest Mississippi and East Louisiana, and all that portion of the State of Mississippi not included in the District of North Mississippi and West Tenneseee, or the District of the Gulf, will constitute a district to be known as the District of South Mississippi and East Louisiana.

IV. Brigadier General Wirt Adams is assigned to the command of the District of South Mississippi and East Louisiana.

V. The sub-district of Southwest Mississippi and East Louisiana having been merged into the District of South Mississippi and East Louisiana, Brigadier General George B. Hodge will report for orders to Brigadier General Wirt Adams, commanding District South Mississippi and East Louisiana.

By order of Major General N. B. Forrest:

P. ELLIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, MISS., February 4, 1865

His Excellency the PRESIDENT;

The navy at Mobile is a farce. Its vessels are continually tied up at the wharf; never in co-operation with the army. The payment of its expenses is a waste of money. I send by mail a communication giving my reasons for these expressions.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,ENGINEER OFFICE,

Meridian, February 4, 1865.

Colonel S. H. LOCKETT,

Chief Engineer, Dept. of Ala., Miss., and East La., Mobile, Ala.,:

COLONEL: The lieutenant-general commanding desires me to communicate to you the following instructions in reference to your report of the defenses of Choctaw and Oven Bluffs, viz; That you will take immediate steps to place the required number of laborers on these works, to speedily execute the plans for defense as given in your report. That you will alsoo carry out General Beauregard's orders relative to obstructing the rivers. You will call on Major-General Maury, commanding District of the Gulf, for such forces as may be necessary to man the batteries and otherwise garrison the works, and to properly guard the commissary, quartermaster's and ordnance stores that you will accumulate at said points for supplying the troops and laborers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WALTER J. MORRIS,

Captain and Acting Chief Engineer, Dept. of Ala., Miss., and East La.

