SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE GULF, Numbers 35. Mobile, February 4, 1865.

* * * * *

XVI. Lieutenant Colonel S. M. Hyams, jr., Second Missouri Cavalry, serving with the Seventh Mississippi Cavalry, will report to Brigadier-General Chalmers for temporary duty.

By command of Major General D. H. Maury:

D. W. FLOWERREE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Mobile, Ala., February 5, 1865.

Weekly report of operations for the defense of Mobile, Ala. during the week ending February 4, 1865:

FIST DIVISION.

N. - Embrasuring on southwest face and building up the brick walls of the magazine and bomb-proof. Timber felled in front of line.

K. - A small force has been engaged in repairing the bomb-proof, to make it water-tight, and repairing traverses by covering with coal tar and sand.

I. - Repairing traverses and covering magazine with earth, completing posterns.

F. - Repairs were being prosecuted at F, but those at A being more urgent the hands were transported to that work, which is nearly completed.

16. - Platform were finished in the early part of the week and the carpenters transferred to I.

SECOND DIVISION.

McIntosh. - Wooden revetment three feet high put up for traverses and sod revetment for same partly. Ten-inch banded gun mounted. Pit for same enlarged and partly revetted with sods. Three loads of earth put on rear gallery.

Gladden. - Outer slope of parapet partly sodded.

THIRD DIVISION.

Blakely. - Strengthened parapets of batteries 5,6,7,8, and 9. Revetted with hurdle revetment embrasures of Nos. 2,7,8, and 9. Added flank, thirty paces rifle-pit, and two guns to Numbers 1. Cleared in front of Nos. 1,2, and 3. Cut roads for interior communication from 3 to 9; made causeway over a portion of it.

Huger. - Placed one barge of earth on new magazine. Placed posts for wire obstructions partly around Huger.

On the 4th instant there were present for duty on city intrenchments 143 hands; on bay batteries, 71 hands; at Blakely, 137 hands, and at Huger, 72. Total with intrenching tools, 423.

Respectfully submitted.

SAML. H. LOCKETT,

Colonel and Chief Engineer, Dept. of Ala., Miss., and East La.

