
Tennessee which I have undisputed possession of will be abandoned to roving bands of guerrillas, no more recruits received from Kentucky, and the Confederate lines as now established in my department on the Tennessee and Ohio be retired to their old position, 200 miles south, to Verona and Pontotoc, Miss., the Government deriving no benefits by the concession, except the services in another department of myself and 250 undrilled men. An organized force so near the Ohio River as Paris will ever, though no expeditions of benefit to the South were engaged in greatly disturb the Federal forces in Kentucky and Tennessee by constantly threatening their small garrisons and important river and railroad communications.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. LYON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department.

[First indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, March 8, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Have any communications been received from Lieutenant-General Taylor on this subject? Please examine and report on the merits.

By command of Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

March 15, 1865.

Respectfully returned to Secretary of War.

Inclosed is a copy of the special order organizing this department, to which Brigadier-General Johnson was assigned. Upon the capture of General Johnson, Brigadier-General Lyon was selected as his successor. No communication has been received from Lieutenant-General Taylor on the subject, and until his reasons for desiring General Lyon to report to him and the Department of Western Kentucky broken up are made known, the merits of the case cannot be reported upon.

By order, &amp;c.:

JOHN W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, March 23, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Inform General Lyon that no action is at present contemplated looking to the abolishing of his department. Whilst in General Taylor's limits he should report to him as a matter of course.

By command of Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,

Montgomery, Ala., February 4, 1865

The commanding officers of troops arriving here, or en route for Augusta, Ga., will be held strictly responsible for the conduct of their commands. They will require all officers and men to remain at the

