
places selected for bivouac, and in readiness to leave at the appointed hour per railroad. Written passes will be required from the commanding officers for all commissioned officers and men to enable them to visit town. All such found in town without passes will be arrested. Passes to be given to but twenty men out of every hundred present, and only for two or three hours' duration. One commissioned officer must be present to each company.

By command of General Beauregard:

J. B. EUSTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 4, 1865

COMMANDING OFFICERS,

South:

It is reported from East Tennessee that Stoneman is preparing an expedition against Salisbury, N. C. Obtain information, and in that event strike his flank and rear with your whole force. Palmer is directed to co-operate.

R. E. LEE.

BRISTOL, TENN., February 5, 1865.

Major JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Lieutenant-Colonel Tool, of the Third Tennessee, has returned from a scout below. He reports the Ninth Tennessee Cavalry at Dandridge, the Eighth and Thirteenth at Beaver Dam, in Jefferson County, all of which will number 1,500 men for duty; the Tenth Michigan Cavalry, some 450 strong, at Knoxville and Strawberry Plains. The Fourth Tennessee Infantry and First Ohio Heavy Artillery are encamped at Moiser's Mill, some nine miles southeast of Morristown; the Twelfth [Second?] Ohio Heavy Artillery stationed at Strawberry Plains and Knoxville. The two Ohio regiments will number about 1,600 men. They have two negro regiments-one in Cocke County, above Knoxville; the other at Knoxville. Kirk's regiment numbers some 400 men, which is scouting to the front most of the time. There are in Knoxville the First and Second Tennessee Infantry Regiments. Both will not number over 275 men. The elections in Tennessee on the 22nd of this month and 4th of March. From captured letters and other sources I learn they intend moving up to hold elections in all the counties in upper East Tennessee. Colonel Tool captured seventeen prisoners during his scout. He is encamped with his regiment some fifteen miles below Jonesborough. My command has to be scattered very much to procure forage, and I fear that we cannot feed our horses longer than this month on the front. I have a portion (the largest) on the road to Bean's Station, below Kingsport, where the most forage is to be found. I would respectfully suggest the repairing of the railroad from this point east. All the engines destroyed by the enemy during their last raid are now in moving order, as well as several cars, and can be run out if the enemy move up. There is more meat here than wagons could transport out if important to move it.

Yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN C. VAUGHAN,

Brigadier-General.

61 R R-VOL XLIX, PT I

