
I have seen no signs of disloyalty, but, on the contrary, I have found the people full of hospitality and kindness. I am satisfied that if they could be protected from the roving bands of deserters and thieves which infest the country, they would prove true and faithful friends.

Respectfully submitted.

A. W. REYNOLDS,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CHALMERS' DIVISION CAVALRY, Numbers 10. West Point, Miss., February 7, 1865.

* * * * *

II. Colonel Shacklett, commanding brigade Kentucky cavalry, will move at once with his command to Verona and report to Major-General Forrest for orders. The wagons of the brigade will be left at the present camp near Siloam, and a quartermaster and forage master in charge of them.

* * * * *

VII. Captain W. W. Tucker will report at these headquarters for orders without delay.

* * * * *

IX. Lieutenant H. S. Parker, adjutant Willis' battalion, will move to Canton, Miss., where [he] will join or wait the arrival of his command. He will carry with him all men belonging to his battalion.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers;

W. A. GOODMAN

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SELMA, ALA., February 7, 1865.

Colonel E. SURGET,Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian, Miss.:

COLONEL: I have the honor respectfully to state that I am just in receipt of an official telegram from Richmond informing me that the order I applied for, relieving me from duty here and ordering me to the Trans-Mississippi Department, had been granted and would be sent by first mail. As I have some private business and a family to look after and provide for before my departure and wish to put my successor in command in possession of all the information, &amp;c., in my possession, I have to request a leave of absence of ten days and the early appointment or assignment of my successor. Colonel Y. L. Royston, commandant of this post is the senior colonel in command in the district, and in the absence of an officer of the lieutenant-general's selection I would recommend him for the command.

Very respectfully,

DANL. W. ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

