
the department. No one has ever won the confidence and esteem of my command so completely as yourself. They ask for no one more competent or able than you; and to obey your orders, comply with your instructions, has ever been my own and their delight. From the highest officer to the merest private in my command there is one universal murmur of regret at your sudden departure from the department. Your compliments we appreciate, and regret that no other opportunities offered themselves than those that did so as to have enabled us to have done honor to Kentucky's noblest son-yourself. Your name will ever live in the hearts of my command. I am truly gratified that you manifest in your letter an interest in my command, which I shall communicate to my Tennesseeans, your true friends. You are aware of the necessities of my troops-what is requisite to make them thoroughly effective- and would solicit your influence to that end at as early a day as possible, so as to prepare them for the service that awaits them in the coming campaign. I would also respectfully call your attention to the propriety of something being done that shall secure the exchange and release of our citizen prisoners from East Tennessee. There are many noble and inoffensive Southern citizens confined North who can be exchanged for, thus relieving our friends of much suffering, restore them to their families and friends, and save our Government of much expense in feeding the many citizens we have confined under the most trivial charges.

Hoping that the proudest anticipations of your countrymen may be realized in their hopes for your success in your new field of duty, and that you may live to be admired and appreciated for your efforts for the success of our common cause, I remain, as ever, your true friend,

JOHN C. VAUGHAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

[Indorsement.]

Mr. Shepherd will note the portion of this letter relating to exchange of citizen prisoners and address note to Commissioner of Exchange, desiring early attention to the subject.

J. C. B.,

Secretary of War.

MERIDIAN, February 8, 1865

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Augusta, Ga.:

Twenty transports loaded with troops to have gone down Tennessee River from Eastport on 3rd and 4th instant. Will ascertain and report soon as possible where they are going.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, DISTRICT OF MISS. AND EAST LA., Numbers 24. Verona, February 8, 1865

* * * * *

Brigadier-General Chalmers will have all hospitals and hospital stores now at West Point moved south at once. If they belong to this

