
command, he will direct them to be moved to Lauderdale Springs. If to the Army of Tennessee, he will direct them to be moved to Meridian.

By command of Major-General Forrest:

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, February 8, 1865.

Brigadier General WIRT ADAMS,

Jackson, Miss.:

Instruct your river scouts and Captain Henderson's to keep sharp lookout for movement of enemy on Mississippi River and report promptly. Large force reported going down Tennessee River from Eastport on 3rd and 4th instant and it is highly important to ascertain its probable destination.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[FEBRUARY 9, 1865. - For General Orders, Numbers 1., headquarters Confederate Army, announcing General Robert E. Lee as assuming command of the military forces of the Confederate States, see Vol. XLVI, Part II, p. 1226.]

MERIDIAN, February 9, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Augusta, Ga.:

The enemy's entire force heretofore reported at Eastport has gone down Tennessee River with exception of 500 cavalry still on this side of the river.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

CULVERTON, GA., February 9, 1865

President DAVIS:

As you have said publicly you would read letters sent you from private citizens, I have concluded to obtrude myself on you for the public good. I have no office to ask as I hold a higher one than you can give, and have endeavored to fill it for nearly forty years-a minister of the Gospel. I am aware of some of the many burdens you have to bear and would be as brief as I can. I am living in Hancock County, five miles east of Sparta, on the road. The Army of Tennessee is now moving en route for Augusta, and have officers and men at my house daily, who talk freely of the disasters of the army under General Hood, in Tennessee. There can be no doubt but the disasters were the result of want of discipline and subordination. The major-generals and subordinate officers were all wanting in proper attention to their duties, respectively. The quartermaster's department was badly managed and the men were neglected and are now suffering from that neglect. I have talked with many men who had to retreat from Nashville and Murfreesborough without a shoe and nearly naked, because the quartermaster did not do his duty and the superior officers were neglectful. The Army of Tennessee is not much better than an armed mob. Their

