
ments of men in vicinity of Huntsville and Decatur. It will be necessary for you to watch closely now for advance Montgomery from Pensacola.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

WM. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, February 10, 1865

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Montevallo, Ala.:

The Third and Fourth Regiments of Alabama Reserves were relieved from duty at Mobile on 7th instant, and ordered to report to you for orders respectively at Selma and Montgomery. You will use them in garrisoning points in your district and furnishing adequate guard for the post of Cahawba.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Tallahassee, February 10, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Thomasville, Ga.:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the enemy are advancing in force from Cedar Keys along the line of the Florida Railroad. They express the intention of marching through the State to some point not named. The general commanding thinks the enemy may attempt to reach Thomasville, as he is informed that there is a considerable amount of property there. He wishes to know what force you have under your command and whether you can spare him any if needed. He is informed that there is quite a number of Wheeler's cavalry near Thomasville. Please say who is in command and the number of men; also whether the commanding officer can render any assistance if it should be required in aiding in driving the enemy back. A prompt reply is requested.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. C. WARWICK,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Tallahassee, February 10, 1865.

Colonel HUGH ARCHER,

Adjutant and Inspector General of Florida, Tallahassee:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you, in the absence of the Governor that the enemy is reported advancing in large force from Cedar Keys along the Florida Railroad. They had captaured our pickets and were yesterday within two miles of Levyville. They express their determination to pass through the State: to what point is not stated. The major-general commanding desires that all the available militia force of Florida be called into the service as promptly as possible. If you are authorized, in the absence of the Governor, to

