
call out the militia, he requests that you do so immediately; if not, that you will promptly communicate with the Governor and ask for his orders in the case.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. C. WARWICK,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., February 11, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Augusta, Ga.:

I fear the removal of headquarters from here immediately after the transfer of troops to the east will have a depressing effect upon the country.

J. B. EUSTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, February 11, 1865

Major-General MAURY,

Mobile, Ala.:

Another small force, under Washburn, reported to have left Vicksburg for down river on 8th.

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, February 11, 1865.

Major-General FORREST,

West Point, Miss.:

All the two white regiments and portion of negro troops at Vicksburg are reported by Captain Sam Henderson to have gone down river on 8th, under Washburn, leaving Smith in commad. Have you received the communications relative to Vicksburg which were mailed to you at Verona from these headquarters?

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, February 11, 1865.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Commanding District of Central Alabama:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 4th instant only to hand this day. Your actions and dispositions as therein set forth meet with the approval of the lieutenant-general commanding, who directs me to say that in the present undeveloped state of the enemy's intentions and future movements he can only advise generally that in the event of an advance in force you should make such dispositions as in finalling back will cover both Montgomery and Selma; especially the latter point, which is the most important one in your district. Should the enemy advance, General Roddey must necessarily fall back upon you, which will bring him under

