
your immediate command. All accounts agree, however, in the statement that the enemy is moving the whole of his infantry force from Tennessee eastward, via the Ohio River and Pittsburg, and the cavalry force of Thomas' army was never a large one. If any raid is made, therefore, it will be only with cavalry, which, should they succeed in penetrating as far as Selma you ought to be able to manage with your rangers behind breast-works and your cavalry outside. Your application for post commanders for Talladega, Montgomery, and Demopolis has been referred to Adjutant and Inspector General for selection of suitable officers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- I am further directed to say that it is the intention of the lieutenant-general commanding to increase your force by the addition of the cavalry now at Mobile, some of which is now en route to report to you.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. S.,

Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS C. S. ARMIES,February 13, 1865.

Honorable J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 10th instant informing me of the reported design of General Stoneman. General Echols and General Martin have been notified, and directed to unitee to resist such an attempt. General Echols states in a dispatch of the 8th instant that information from General Vaughan renders a movement of General Stoneman at this time impossible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA., Numbers 12. Meridian, Miss., February 13, 1865.

Pursuant to instructions from the Surgeon-General, Surg. P. B. McKelvey is announced as inspector of hospitals of this department, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order:

E. SURGENT,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHALMERS' DIVISION OF CAVALRY,

West Point, Miss., February 13, 1865.

Colonel W. B. MADE,

Eighth Confederate Cavalry, Columbus, Miss.:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you withdraw all your pickets and move your regiment to Plymouth, where you will go into camp.

Your obedient servant,

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

