
sider false. I regret to say that forage is getting very scarce, and I do not know how we are to feed much longer on the front without scattering my command more than it is at this time, but we will do the best we can. There is considerable hay, but little corn, in Johnson County. I need not say my command is needing clothing and other supplies; of that fact you are informed. Captain Houston, my inspector, will leave in the morning to inspect each command. After his return we will send up a report of what we need; but that can be stated now- nearly a new outfit. General, since I have commanded on this front I have asked several times to make such moves as I believed would result to the benefit of the cause, but have as often been denied by my superior officers. I have always done the best I could; tried to do right in all things. East Tennessee is filled up with a class of citizens that are hard to please, and the officer who commands in this department has or will have a hard time especially here in East Tennessee. If you can supply my place I shall not object to being relieved from this department. To command troops who have not been paid for nineteen months poorly clothed and armed and then kept on the front all the time, fighting more or less, is no pleasant position. I feel certain that by the 15th of March I willl be able to increase my command from 300 to 500. Could have done so certain if I had been permitted to have gone below Knoxville along the North Carolina and Tennessee borders. As long as I command company I shall do the best I can for the cause. I do hope you may be able to get some supplies, and be able to advance soon and drive the enemy into Knoxville, with General Martin to co-operate with you. If you get McCausland's brigade, you can whip all their forces now in East Tennessee above Chattanooga. As soon as the weather will admit of my wife traveling I will telegraph you for the use of your ambulanc.

Yours, very truly,

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHEAST GEORGIA,Athens, February 13, 1865

Major LAMAR COBB,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Macon, Ga.;

MAJOR; In obedience to an order from Major-General Cobb, and in response to an anonymous communication addressed to the Assistant Secretary of War.* I have the honor to make the following report of my operations in this district since my assignment in September last. On my arrival here I found everything in confusion. The troops stationed here (with the exception of Cook's battalion, composed of armory mechanics) were scarcely organized. There was no sort of discipline; drill was unheard of, and the men ran riot over the whole country. Complaints of outrages and depredations committed by straggling cavalrymen on the property and persons of the citizens were poured in from all sides. In order to suppress these irregularities and restore order in the district I was forced to adopt the most stringent measures. I caused a pillory (not stocks as stated by the writer of the anonymous communication) to be erected, established a strong provost guard (aided at night by a mounted patrol), who were kept constantly on duty, and instructed to arrest all persons without proper papers in their possession or who might be found creating disturbances or committing outrages of any

---------------

*See addenda, next, post.

---------------

