
eral Beauregard desires that you will promptly cause to be disbanded all these unauthorized organizations. Deserters will be sent to their command. Conscripts will be turned over to enrolling officers. All horses belonging to them fit for transportation purposes will be taken and turned over to Major N. W. Smith, chief quartermaster field transportation. Be good enough to return the letter of Judge Reed for file.

Respectfully,your obedient servant,

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIALL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 38. Richmond, February 15, 1865.

* * * * *

XLV. The organization of Barteau's regiment of Tennessee cavalry, made by the addition of the companies commanded by Captain O. B. Farris, S. H. Reeves, and B. Edwards, by order of Brigadier General A. Bufford, is hereby confirmed to date from the 10th day of May 1864. It will be known as the Twenty-second Regiment Tennessee Cavalry.

By command of Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, DISTRICT OF MISS. AND EAST LA., Numbers 30. West Point, Miss., February 15, 1865

* * * * *

II. Surg. L. H. Hall, Second Tennessee Cavalry, Bell's brigade, is hereby relieved from duty with his present assignment and will report immediately to Brigadier General James R. Chalmers, for duty as chief surgeon of his cavalry division.

By order of Major-General Forrest:

J. P. STRANGE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,

Verona, Miss., February 15, 1865

With many regrets I part with the Mississippi brigade of my old division, and take this occasion to express my sincere thanks to General Armstrong for his hearty co-operation and assistance at all times, and to his gallant and gentlemanly officers and true and brave men for patient endurance, good behavior, and noble bearing on every field. With pain to me the long and pleasant official and personal association is severed. My heartfelt wish is success to you all in your new position. I express the hope and desire that you may add new laurels to those you hae so fairly earned on so many fields. Farewell! May success attend you and your chivalric commander.

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.

