
MERIDIAN, February 15, 1865.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Montevallo, Ala.:

Officer in charge of pickets at Milton, Fla., reports as follows:

I have reliable information that 4,000 troops landed at navy-yard during last week. More expected. There is not a shadow of a doubt but that they contemplate a raid on Montgomery, to form a junction with Thomas. About the 1st of March, I am informed is the time for raid to start. A raid of 2,000 strong, cavalry and infantry, has gone up the sound, and is going through Walton, and the lower counties of Florida to procure horses for raid.

It is hoped you have by this time ascertained the movements, if any, of enemy near Huntsville. Enemy continues to leave Eastport. It is highly important to know about the force he had near Huntsville.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. E. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WYTHEVILLE, February 15, 1865.

Surg. JAMES DOVE,

Acting Medical Director:

SIR: In obedience to orders from headquarters I proceeded on the the 6th instant to inspect the medical department of the commands of Brigadier-Generals Duke and Cosby and Major Blessing, Twenty-third Battalion Virginia Infantry, and beg leave to report as follows: I found General Duke's brigade encamped in very comfortable winter quarters about two miles north of Abingdon. The health of the command was very good; a few cases of diarrhea of a mild type under treatment. Present for duty, Surgeon Haynie, senior surgeon, Assistant Surgeons Hanna and Harrison, with a sufficient supply of medicines. No surgical instruments ambulances or medical wagons attached to the brigade. The reports and returns had all been sent in regularly with the exception of the half yearly property return of Surgeon Haynie, who had lost by unavoidable accident the invoices of medicines, &amp;c., received, but had sent to the Surgeon-General for copy of his receipts, and the return would be made out as soon as it could be obtained. The Twenty-third Battalion Infantry, Major Blessing commanding, was encamped in winter quarters about three miles northeast of Saltville. Doctor Barksdale, surgeon of battalion, present. Health of the command very good. A sufficient supply of medicines on hand. One amputating case and one pocket set of instruments in good order; also one ambulance. Reports and returns forwarded up to date. Brigadier-General Cosby's brigade is encamped temporarily about three miles from Liberty Hill in Tazewell County. Assistant Surgeon Talbot present, assisted by Doctor Clarkson, detailed from the command. They have one amputating case and one pocket set, needing repair. There is no ambulance or medical wagon attached to the brigade. I found Assistant Surgeon Talbot making out his report of sick and wounded for January, as also his return of property for the half year ending December 31, 1864. The healt of the brigade is good. There is a sufficient supply of medicines on hand.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. WINCHESTER BREEDLOVE,

Medical Inspector, Dept. of West Virginia and East Tennessee.

