
GLADE SPRING, February 15, 1865

[Major J. S. JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:]

MAJOR: Your favor of 1st instant came to hand a few days since. The last of the cannons were loaded on the cars to-day at the burnt bridge, and when the train got within three miles of this place the cars upon which they were loaded ran off the track and a general smash up was the result. They will, however, be here in ample time to be sent off upon the completion of the road. The pieces are four 12 pounder howitzers, making in all eight guns when together. The horses collected under Special Orders, Numbers 133, now amount to about 162, and have been turned over to persons having lost by the recent raid, I making them a right thereto in the name of the Confederate States in accordance with the above order. I have had collected some forty guns, many of them damaged. I think many more might be collected if men of energy and tact were sent out. The detail I got of Colonel Smith did very badly. The most of them live in this country and are too found of staying at home. As soon as the reserves were furloughed the detailed men went home, and I now have no one to attend to this business. I think a detail of reliable mounted men of the regular army might collect a great many guns through the country. With the limited means at my disposal it is impossible for me to perform my duties with any degree of satisfaction. All my men have been taken from me except two old men, one of them my clerk, and the other so much crippled as to be almost entirely useless to me, and two teamsters which Major Blessing has temporarily loaned me. My blacksmith has been ordered to rejoin his command. Can't your order a temporary detail for him until I can make other arrangements? Major McMahon has ordered me to return to Saltville as soon as practicable and I am very anxious to do so, but there is not a house of any kind to be had and I have no orders to rebuild even if it were possible to get the material for so doing, which cannot be had until the road is reopened, if then. I have heard nothing of Colonel Greenwood since I last wrote you.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PETTYJOHN,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Montgomery, February 16, 1865,

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding Dept. Ala., Miss., and East La., Meridian, Miss.:

GENERAL: These headquarters will be removed to-morrow to Macon, Ga.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. EUSTIS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, February 16, 1865.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Commanding District of the Gulf;

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of the report forwarded by you from Colonel

