
Ball relative to the enemy's movements at Pensacola. He also instructs me to say that the recent heavy shipments of troops down the Mississippi would seem to indicate a movement on the trans-Mississippi, and that it is therefore highly important to obtain early and regular information of the strength and composition of the force reported under Granger, and to ascertain whether his design is merely the establishment of a garrison from which to harass the country, or the formation of a base for wide and more extended operations. A large cavalry force would indicate a raid northward and in that event, if Mobile is not threatened simultaneously, your own cavalry could operate to advantage in flank and rear. The lieutenant-general commanding is not of opinion that the enemy would make in any large force for Montgomery, leaving Mobile behind them. With regard to Thomas' force you will be able to ascertain from the movement of boats along the lake and the landing of supplies at Pascagoula sooner than can be learned here, whether it also is intended to operate against Mobile.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. WATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Circular address to the members of King's battery.
HEADQUARTERS JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Verona, Miss., February 16, 1865.

SOLDIERS: In parting with you I take this occasion to express my approbation of your past services and my regret that the necessities of the late reorganization are to sever our association. During our long connection in the field and camp you have given to me as your commander the hearty co-operation and support so essential to discipline and good order. The promptness of the officers and the alacrity and cheerfulness of the men to obey all orders in courtesy and pleasantness, and the patient endurance of all under hardships, and their distinguished gallantry on every battle-field has ever characterized you and will speak well for you in the new sphere in which you are called to operate. In bidding you good-bye, accept my wishes for your success and the belief that, as you have ever proven to be one of the best companies in the service, you will continue so to act as to reflect credit alike upon yourselves and your old commander.

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.

MERIDIAN, February 16, 1865

Brigadier General WIRT ADAMS,

Jackson, Miss.:

The general desires you to ascertain and report as soon as possible whether the enemy intends moving a force out from Vicksburg or Natchez to co operate with movement against Mobile, or whether he is going up Red River, where troops reported as having landed at Vicksburg from above on 13th have gone; also, what has become of fleet reported at mouth of Red River; if still there, has it been increased; if not there, where has it gone. Answer.

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

