
Enemy concentrating at Penscalo. Think he will probably move simultaneously from Vicksburg, Pensacola, and Decatur.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Augusta, Ga., February 17, 1865.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR,

Commanding Dept. of Alabama, Mississippi and East Louisiana:

GENERAL: There is a great deficiency of small-arms for our forces, and this is daily increasing. Now that we are cut off from Richmond the difficulty of obtaining a supply will be greatly increased. Observation and information have shown the fact that a large number of rifles and muskets are scattered about the country in the hands of private parties to whom they have been sold or left by soldiers. General Beauregard desires that you will cause a rigid scrutiny to be made in the limits of your department in order that these arms may be secured. All post commanders and enrolling officers should be instructed to collect them and turn them over to the nearest ordnance officer.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major-General Cobb, commanding District of Georgia.)
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, February 17, 1865.

His Excellency Governor CHARLES CLARK,

Macon, Miss.:

DEAR SIR: From information received to-day to the effect that Thomas with a large portion of his army, accompanied with train of pontoons, has handed at and moved out four miles east of Vicksburg, the presumption is that he intends making in this direction for the Mobile and Ohio Railroad simultaneously with a movement of Canby's troops from Pensacola, where they are now concentrating. In the event of this combined movement it is unnecessary for me to enter with you into the details of the limited resources of this department for successfully resisting it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

(Similar letter to Governor T. H. Watts, of Alabama.)
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, February 17, 1865.

Major W. H. DAMERON,

Chief Commissary of Subsistence for Mississippi:

MAJOR: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to inform you that the reports received this evening are to the effect that the bulk of the enemy's force which had landed at Vicksburg had re-embarked and gone down the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. WATT.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

