
MOBILE, February 17, 1865.

(Received March 10.)

Honorable J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

Please have money sent here for all departments. Efforts to procure sufficient supplies paralyzed for want of funds.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, February 17, 1865.

Brigadier General W. L. BRANDON,

Commanding Mississippi Reserves:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding instructs me to advise you that information has been received of the advance of Thomas from Vicksburg in the direction of Jackson, and to a distance of four miles from the former place. A large portion of his army with a full supply of pontoons accompany him, and it is believed that he will move toward the Mobile and Ohio Railroad as soon as Canby's troops are prepared to march from Pensacola, at which point they are now concentrating. Should a farther advance be made by Thomas, it is suggested that you so dispose of the troops under your command as to promote their rapid concentration with the other forces in this district and to prevent any liability of their being cut off and captured by the enemy. You are requested to inform the departmental commander of the present disposition of your troops, and any changes that may hereafter occur therein.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. SAYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General

MERIDIAN, February 17, 1865.

Brigadier General WIRT ADAMS,

Jackson, Miss.:

The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you issue necessary orders to insure the removal of all public property in your district likely to fall into enemy's hands. Also to provide for withdrawal of forces in southern portion of your district by such lines as will prevent their being cut off and insure their joining you in front of enemy if he advances. Send copy of this to Brigadier-General Wright for his guidance.

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, February 17, 1865.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Montevallo, Ala.:

Will infantry reserves and artillery sent you enable you to adequately garrison the more important points in your district against cavalry raids? Answer fully at once by telegraph.

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

