
BRISTOL, February 17, 1865.

Brigadier-General ECHOLS:

Enemy concentrating at Moiser's Mill. I look for an advance immediately.

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

BRISTOL, TENN., February 17, 1865.

Brigadier-General ECHOLS,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: My information this morning is that the enemy are concentrating at Moiser's Mill, which is some twenty miles below Greeneville. Greeneville is fifty-five miles below this place. Report say they will commence the advance by the 19th instant. This information is mostly gathered from what the Union men say and from what my scouts report. If they do move up, will any other forces be sent this low down to meet them besides my force? The number I gave you of each command when you were here I think rather larger than they have above Knoxville. I will keep you posted by telegraph of their movements. Their election are on the 22nd instant and 4th of March. I hope if they come up you will be able to concentrate Giltner's, Cosby's, McCausland's, and Duke's commands with mine, and let us give them a good whipping. I need ammunition.

Very respectfully,

J. C. VAUGHN.

BRISTOL, TENN., February 17, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN ECHOLS,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: Yours of 14th instant reached me this hour. I wrote you this morning in regard to the information i had received, which is that the enemy were concentrating at Moiser's Mill, seven miles southeast of Morristown. This information of an advance immediately we gathered from Union citizens. They generally are well posted, but I still doubt it; and if they do advance I don't expect them to come up higher than Carter's Station, and the advance is made to hold their elections. I am having my scouts to go well to the front, but the section of country where the enemy is full of tories and bushwhackers, and it is hard to get men inside their lines. Men have been employed to go, greenbacks and money borrowed, to pay, and no quartermaster in the department would ever pay such claims; and at this time there is no money for any purpose here. I have spies, now gone, besides different scouts. I sent the flag of truce, but it met a Yankee flag at Rogersville with communication for General Breckinridge and some Union prisoners that they are releasing under an agreement made by General Carter, U. S. Army, and myself which communication I forward this morning to your headquarters. As I tol you when you were here, I do not think they have a mounted force strong enough to advance into North Carolina to Salisbury. It will be some time before we can get up requisitions for clothing. I have just forwarded requisitions for all we needed. We need everything. My ordnance officers cannot get papers enough to make requisitions on; same condition at my headquarters. You have the strength of my command, and it will

