
increase daily. So send us our proportion. We are more needy than anybody else. I send the dispatch to General Martin as directed immediately. My command is compelled to be scattered, as I have informed you before, on account of forage. I am doing all I can for the good of the cause and service, and shall continue to do until this war closes, in some capacity; but as I am not a West Pointer, some one might do better in my place. I might be able to feed my command in Johnson County a short time on hay anyhow, but I don't think much corn could be had in that county. It is important to keep commands together for different reasons, which you know, and nothing would afford me more pleasure than to get mine together, but in Tennessee I look upon the chance as had. But I am ready and willing to obey all orders. Whatever you think best, order me to do. My heart is in this death struggle of ours and I want to do my duty. I feel certain the amount of rain now falling, with the snow in the mountains, will stop any movement of the enemy. I will keep you posted.

Your obedient servant,

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

BRISTOL, February 17, 1865.

General ECHOLS:

Moiser's Mill, seven miles southeast of Morristown. They had some 400 infantry at mills. They had some 1,500 cavalry between there and Knoxville, and some 2,000 more infantry (negroes and whites) along French Broad River. I received my information this morning. I look for reliable information to-night.

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

MERIDIAN, February 18, 1865.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Montevallo, Ala.:

Dispatch received. Sharp's and Brantly's brigades, General Sharp commanding, started east this morning via Selma. They have been telegraphed to stop at Montgomery.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

A. J. WATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA., Numbers 96. West Point, Miss., February 18, 1865.

* * * * *

V. Colonel Alex. W. Campbell is announced as acting inspector-general on the staff of the major-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major-General Forrest:

J. P. STRANGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

