
mum and maximum number of men allowed to cavalry companies is 64 and 125. In conclusion I am further directed to say that Colonel Miller is under arrest and that the portionn of his regiment now in this department will probably be ordered out of it, and that you will therefore consolidate it only into companies and a battalion

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. ELLIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY, DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,West Point, February 19, 1865.

Brigadier General JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that the enemy are crossing the river at Eastport. About 2,500 cavalry are on this side and a large force on the other. He further directs me to say that not a moment should be lost in reorganizing your command. He wishes you to move out to your camp, clean out everything you have from Columbus, and get your command in condition at the earliest possible moment for active operations in the field, as it is very evident a move is on foot already, or early contemplated by the enemy.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ROSS' CAVALRY BRIGADE, Mr. Scott's, near Vaughan Station, Miss.

No. 5. February 19, 1865

I. By authority from Lieutenant-General Taylor half this brigade will at once be furloughed for sixty days.

II. While the first half of the brigade is on furlough the other will continue in service here and may expect to submit to more rigid and severe discipline thanhas heretofore been enforced.

III. When the first half of the brigade shall have returned, the other portion shall receive a similar indulgence.

IV. A field officer from each regiment will go in charge of the furloughed portion of his command and will keep his men together, enforcing and observing good discipline, until arrived, at some suitable point for disbanding, west of the Mississippi River.

V. This system of furloughs annuls the operations of General Orders, Numbers 1, in this command.

VI. The following regulations in regard to furloughs and leaves of absence will be observed:

1. A list of the officers and men of each regiment who are to receive furloughs and leaves of absence for the first period of sixty days will at once be forwarded to brigade headquarters, said list to embrace the names of half the men and officers actually present including couriers, scouts, and extra duty men, but not to include the footmen under command of Captain Ed. Williams.

2. A complete furlough, after the form in Army Regulations, will be written out for each man who is to have a furlough under this order, signed by the regimental commander and forwarded to these headquarters. When countersigned by the brigade commander, these fur-

