
loughs will be placed in the hands of the field officers selected to command the detachments of furloughed men, to be retained until arrived at the place for disbanding, west of the Mississippi River, when they will be delivered up to the men entitled to them.

VII. Leaves of absence to officers will be issued from brigade headquarters in Special Orders, and will be delivered at the same time that the men receive their furloughs.

VIII. The field officers who go in charge of these detachments will, before disbanding them, appoint a time and place of rendezvous, and are expected and required to reassemble their men and report back on this side of the Mississippi River promptly upon the expiration of the period of their furloughs.

IX. Before leaving, all the public arms and ammunition in possession of the men who are to be furloughed under this order, will be delivered up to the brigade ordnance officer for storage and safe-keeping.

X. The field officers selected to go in charge of the furloughed detachments are as follows: Lieutenant Colonel J. S. Boggess, Third Texas Cavalry; Lieutenant Colonel P. F. Ross, Sixth Texas Cavalry; Major H. C. Dial, Ninth Texas Cavalry; Major B. H. Norsworthy, First Texas Legion.

By order of Brigadier-General Ross:

D. R. GURLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRISTOL, TENN., February 19, 1865.

Major J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have no news as yet of an advance of the enemy from Moiser's Mill. I still have my doubts about them advancing up while the roads are in such condition. The recent rains have made them nearly impassable for wagons. They may make a raid, without transportation, to the elections that come off in the next fifteen days. I will keep you advised of their movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT,Stickleyville, Lee County, Va., February 19, 1865.

Captain H. T. STANTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department Headquarters, Wytheville, Va.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to the general commanding department that everything is quiet in my front; no movement of the enemy reported or anticipated. We are, so far, getting plenty of corn, but find long forage somewhat scarce. The exceedingly unfavorable weather, a continuance of rain and mud, has produced an unusual amount of disease among our horses, such as foot-evil, scratches,&amp;c, but a few weeks of sunny, dry weather would work a great change for the better. I am just in receipt of a telegram to hold my command in readiness to co-operate with General Vaughan, which I hope may not become necessary very soon, but will be complied with whenever it does, so far as I am able. The Twenty-fifth Virginia Cavalry Regiment is now on furlough in this and Scott Counties until 1st of March, and renders it very difficult to collect absentees while the country is filled with

