
several hundred authorized absentees. I am, however, using every endeavor to arrest and put into service every man who belongs there and has avoided it thus far, of which there are many in this country. Colonel Prentice reached here to-day with his battalion of about 150 men, many of them dismounted. I have camped them in vicinity of my headquarters so as to exercise a supervision over their movements. Am in hopes of making them serviceable after awhile. The report of arms and equipments necessary to make a complete outfit for my command, which the general desired, I shall not be able to forward before 1st of March, owing to the scattered condition of my command. It shall be sent up as soon as possible. I have extended the furlough of Tenth Kentucky Cavalry Regiment, until 20th of March, as it seemed unavoidable under the circumstances. I hope it may be impoved to the extent indicated in recruiting the regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. GILTNER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade and District.

WEST POINT, MISS., February 20, 1865.

General CHALMERS:

Order Colonel Russell with the Fourth and Seventh Alabama to camp in vicinity of Columbus until further orders. As soon as Armstrong can cross, dispose of him as directed. I go to Meridian to-day.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVES,Montgomery, Ala., February 20, 1865.

Liuet. Colonel E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: In the absence of the major-general commanding Reserves, I beg leave to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 13th instant. I have informed General Withers of the contents of your favor by letter. In response to the request of the lieutenant-general commanding to be informed as to the numbers and location of the Reserve Forces, I inclose the following report. The strength of several of the commands cannot be given as they are under the orders of district and post commanders, who have forwarded no duplicate monthly report, as required by General Orders, Numbers 75, paragraph I, series of 1865.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

R. H. BROWNE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

Report of location and strength of reserves of Alabama.

First. Reporting to Major-General Maury; First Regiment Junior Reserves, 330 for duty, at Mobile; Second Regiment Junior Reserves, 428 for duty, at Mobile; Third Battalion Senior Reserves, six companies, at Pollard; one company Senior Reserves, cavalry, at Mobile; two companies Senior Reserves, light artillery, at Mobile.

