
Second. Reporting to Brigadier-General Adams; Third Regiment Senior Reserves, no report of strength, at Montevallo; Fourth Regiment Senior Reserves, not more than 150 present for duty, at Montgomery, very much disorganized; Hardie's battalion cavalry, six companies, 530 of duty, headquarters Talladega; Barbiere's battalion cavalry (a), six companies headquarters Wilsonville.

Third. Reporting to Lieutenant Colonel S. Jones, Cahawba, as prison guard; Two companies of infantry, one company of cavalry.

Fourth. Unattached companies; One company infantry camp guard, 70 strong, Montgomery; two companies cavalry, Eighth Congressional District, 180 strong (a); one company cavalry, Selma, 60 strong . (a).

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ROSS' CAVALRY BRIGADE, Numbers 6. Near Deasonville, Miss., February 20, 1865.

I. All passes to go beyond the limits of this brigade will hereafter be presented to Lieutenant Alexander, provost-marshal, for approval.

II. The provost-marshal will keep a register of all passes granted, noting the time of applicant's return.

III. All persons to whom passes are granted will return them to the provost marshal's office promptly at the expiration of the leave of absence granted, failing to do which, they will be liable to arrest and punishment.

IV. Not more than five men will be allowed to be absent from any one regiment at the same time, and regimental commanders, are prohibited from forwarding any additional applicatins for passes after the five have been granted, unless in urgent and important cases, when the application will be made in form and addressed to the adjutant-general for action of the brigade commander.

V. All passes forwarded for approval at brigade headquarters must be numbered at regimental headquarters and must state the business or object of application in asking a pass and the exact date and hour of his return.

VI. Applications for enlisted men must be made by their immediate commanding officers.

VII. Regimental and company commanders are charged with the most rigid observance and enforcement of these regulations and will use every effort to discipline their men and render more efficient their respective commands.

By order of Brigadier-General Ross:

D. R. GURLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR ADDRESS.] HDQRS. ROSS' CAVALRY BRIGADE,

Deasonville, Miss., February 20, 1865.

SOLDIERS:

Through the indulgence of your department commander (Lieutenant-General Taylor) you have received the privilege of furloughs to the extent of half your number at once. As soon as the first half furloughs shall have returned the others will receive a similar indulgence. It is perhaps unnecessary, therefore, to urge your prompt return. Justice

(a) These companies do not properly belong to the Reserve Forces, but under special instructions from the honorable Secretary of War they are retained as at present organized.

