
to your comrades who remain behind, and respect for the authorities who have extended to you this indulgence, should impel you to respond promptly to the orders of the officers who accompany you, and not remain absent longer than is absolutely necessary. I have this one request to make of you; Obtain all the recruits you can. Our country needs the services of all he gallant sons, and nowhere can this be rendered more efficient than in this department. Let each officer and man exert himself to procure enlistments for his company and regiment. Bring back, too, those misguided men who deserted their colors and have gone across the Mississippi River without authority. The last opportunity is now offered them for redeeming their characters and erasing the only dark stain upon their reputation. If they will return at once, an amneesty is hereby granted them. If they fail or refuse to do so, they shall suffer the consequence and remain branded as deserters, and it is hoped public opinion, if not the authorities, will drive them from their homes and from the State.

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

BRISTOL, February 20, 1865.

Major J. S. JOHNSTON:

Enemy still in vicinity of Moiser's Mill, but sign of a move in this way more than a week ago.

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

RICHMOND, February 20, 1865.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith* rosters of the officers of the Second, Seventh, and Eleventh Kentucky, and Ninth Tennessee Regiments of Cavalry (Morgan's old division) rosters of the officers of the First, Third, and Fourth Battalions Kentucky Cavalry (these being the temporary organizations into which the old division has been consolidated for service), rosters of the staff officers at brigade headquarters, with copies of orders assigning them to duty as far as could be obtained. List of employes at brigade headquarters, roster of staff officers of the First, Third and Fourth Battalions Kentucky Cavalry, with lists of their employes, field return of brigade at date of inspection by me, and letter from Brigadier General B. W. Duke, commanding, inclosing these papers. General Morgan's old division consisted originally of First Brigade, Colonel B. W. Duke commanding: Second Kentucky, Colonel Duke, Fifth Kentucky, Colonel Smith; Ninth Tennessee, Colonel Ward, Ninth Kentucky Colonel Breckinridge; Sixth Kentucky; Colonel Grigsby; and Second Brigade, Colonel A. R. Johnson commanding; Tenth Kentucky Colonel Johnson; Eighth Kentucky Colonel Cluke; Eleventh Kentucky, Colonel Chenault; Seventh Kentucky, Colonel Gano; Fourteenth Kentucky, Colonel Morgan. Of these regiments, Breckinridge's has been transferred, and that portion of Johnson's not held as prisoners of war, with the exception of fifteen or twenty men with this brigade, is with Lyon's command (Johnson's successor in command of Southwestern Kentucky.) The remainder of the regi-

---------------

*Inclosures omitted.

---------------

