
I must inform him that on the night of the 14th I received orders by telegraph from Major-General Rosecrans to send two regiments toward Clarksville, and then south to Cumberland River, to co-operate with General Negley in capturing of dispersing guerrillas. The command started at 3 o'clock a. m. on the 15th, and has not yet returned. When last heard from, it was about 2 miles from Cumberland River and 40 miles from this point. During the whole time they have been without tents or baggage and in the day and night, but in good spirits. lieutenant-Colonel McKee, Fifteenth Wisconsin, commanding had captured a considerable numbers and provisions collected for the rebel army. I hope the command will be here to-day, and I shall march for Nashville to-morrow.

Hoping that the delay has occasioned no detriment to the public service,

Your obedient servant,

W. P. CARLIN,

Colonel Thirty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, Commanding .

Captain JOHN A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EDGEFIELD JUNCTION, November 20, 1862.

COLONEL: The expedition ordered out to co-operate with General Negley has just returned, having been out five days. Lieutenant-Colonel McKee, commanding, captured 46 guerrillas, about 100 small-arms, 18 horses, 20 miles. Nothing was seen or heard of General Negley's expedition. The expedition has marched 100 miles without tents, in the rain every day and night but one.

W. P. CARLIN,

Colonel Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel J. P. GARESCHE.

Numbers 2.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel David McKee, Fifteenth Wisconsin Infantry.

CAMP OF THE FIFTEENTH WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS, Edgefield Junction, Tenn., November 21, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to your order of November [14], I left the camp of your brigade, at Edgefield junction, on Sunday morning at 3.30 o'clock, with the command assigned to me, to wit: Thirty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, Major Gilmer commanding; Fifteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, Major Johnston commanding, and Lieutenant Reynolds, of Company B (cavalry), of the Thirty-sixth Illinois Volunteers, with 10 men, and proceeded to reconnoiter the country in the direction of Clarksville.

I proceeded from Edgefield Junction, by way of Goodlettsville, to the junction of the Louisville and Sprigfield turnpikes, and thence up Manser's Creek, by way of Johnston's Mill and- pikes, on the ridge leading to the old Nashville and Clarksville road, at a point near the junction of the leading to Clarksville and Springfield, from

