
had crossed to Clinch River as he came in), and reached it, crossed, and went on to within 4 miles of Pattonsville by midnight. I learned that one road led directly up the valley of the Clinch, another from Sneedsville passed up Stock Creek. I had now passed both of these, and I should feel very silly if the enemy, taking one of these, should cross my trail behind me and pass over to the road from Estillville to Gladesille. He could cross the Clinch at Kyle's Ford (some 14 miles below me), and take either of the roads I have named, or he could take up the North Fork of the Clinch and pass out at Pattonsville, a point 4 miles in front of my present position; or he could pass out by Stickleyville, 12 miles in front of my then position; but where he was or where he intended to go I had not ascertained. My men had ridden all the night before; Giltner's regiment had been in the saddle forty-eight hours. The men had had but once anything to eat, such as they could get in passing Estillville, and the poor fellows were sleeping on their horses as we rode along. I halted in the woods at midnight to let the men sleep until dawn. In a short time scouts came in, who informed me that the enemy had crossed the mountains at War Gap, and had crossed the river 12 miles below Speer's Ferry, and at 8 p.m. was encamped. He had crossed at Kyle's Ford.

It turned out the enemy did not pass the War Gap, but through Looney's Gap (lower down); that he did not cross Clinch River that night, but encamped for a time to rest 4 miles from the river. He crossed Kyle's Ford before day, and reached Huter's Gap by 12 o'clock on January 2. There he was fired on by some of Larmer's men, and from that point was troubled by bushwhackers. I rested until dawn, supposing the enemy to be in camp, and,not knowing what road he would take, I ordered my infantry to move forward to Speer's Ferry by rapid march, and, if the enemy did not come that way, to come on to Pattonsville, which was 20 miles from Estillville.

I moved at dawn to Pattonsville, and there I was informed that Jonesville was occupied by 400 infantry, with some artillery, and two companies of cavalry, which had been sent up from Cumberland Gap, only 35 miles from Jonesville. I detached my son's (John J. Marshall) company [I, Fourth Kentucky Cavalry] from Giltner's regiment, and sent it down the North of Clinch to find out the trail of the enemy, and, if he was coming up by Pattonsville, to dispatch to me; if he passed through Hunter's Gap, to harass his rear and follow him to Jonesville, and that I would move the rest of the force on the are to Jonesville, now distant 20 miles. I crossed Powell's Mountain (north side sleek with ice), entered Stickleyville; no news. Sent forward Lieutenant [J. N.] Gibson with 10 men to Jonesville, to let the force there know I was near and coming, should the enemy attack it. Arrived at Powel River, 8 miles from Jonesville; received a dispatch from Gibson that he heard heavy firing in the direction of Hunter's Gap; put my whole force to a trot. Gibson again dispatched at 1 1/2 miles from Jonesville that the firing continued heavy and he heard artillery. I ordered out speed to increase, if possible. Arrived at 1 mile from Jonesville; met Gibson, who informed me the enemy had entered the town unknown an hour since, having prisoners in charge, and now occupied the town in force. I ordered Clay to open the attack at once. Giltner was now at least 2 to 3 miles behind, his horses so fagged that they could not make the speed, for they had marched 105 miles from Lebanon. The rifles dismounted and formed in about 300 yards of the town, and opened fire at one. The enemy was in the streets and massed at the court-house, and on the

