
Nashville, by way of White's Creek; thence, on the old Clarksville road, down-Creek, past the residence of Dr. Bainbridge, to the Fountain settlement, and encamped the first night out at the Wells' Creek Meeting-house, within 2 miles of Coopertown.

At daylight on the following morning I resumed the march, by way of Coopertown, and thence, turning to the left, I proceeded, on the Springfield and Charlotte road, a distance of about 12 miles, to the crossing of the Nashville and Turnersville road with that road, when the command was encamped for the night near the residence of mr. James Bradley.

The next morning, at 6.30 o'clock, the march was resumed on the Springfield and Charlotte road, crossing the Nashville and Clarksville turnpike (it is not macadamized at this point) at the house of mr. Williamson Gatewood, and thence to the crossing of the Cumberland River at Harpeth Shoals, a distance of about 13 miles by the route traveled. The road traveled on this route for a greater portion of the way is extremely bad, and, in some places, almost implacable, and entirely impracticable for the passage of artillery, except, except in cases of great emergency. The country through which we passed is tolerably well supplied with forage of all kinds.

The command returned from Harpeth Shoals, by way of the Charlotte and Springfield road, to mr. Gatewood's, and thence, on the Nashville and Clarksville turnpike, to within sight of nashville. The latter is a good road, and passable for all kinds of transportation and artillery.

On this expedition the command captured 47 prisoners, 18 horses, 20 mules, 3 wagons, and about 100 small-arms. The arms captured were principally of a worthless character, and for want of transportation, were mostly broken up and destroyed, the best of them only being retained and brought into camp. I caused to be destroyed by fire one distillery and two dwelling-houses, and the outbuildings connected therewith, which were notoriously used as refuges for guerrilla parties. I also destroyed at and in the neighborhood of Harpeth Shoals several barrels of salt.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of the officers and men of my command. They marched and encamped under almost incessant rains and in deep mud without murmur or complaint, and were always ready and anxious for effective service. Special notice is due to Major Gilmer, Thirty-eighth Illinois Volunteers; major Johnston, Fifteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, and Lieutenant Reynolds, of Company B (cavalry), Thirty-sixth Illinois Volunteers, for the splendid manner in which their separate commands were managed and cared for. To Lieutenant and the cavalry men under his command I am particularly indebted for their untiring activity in scouting the country, and for the capture of the greater number of prisoners. Lieutenant Ferriman, Thirty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, acting quartermaster for the command, and Adjutant Hauff, Fifteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, performed their respective duties excellently, and deserve credit.

i attach hereto a list of prisoners taken, together with a statement of charges against them.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID McKEE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Expedition.

Colonel W. P. CARLIN,

Commanding Thirty-first Brigade.

