
who were in Union that morning, as he could not otherwise have an idea where the enemy, who was in camp at 11 a.m., intended to march, and this information was not deemed very satisfactory as a basis for my movements.

The next information I received was about 2 o'clock, from Captain Baldwin, at Blountsville. As he addressed me four during the evening, I beg to submit them here in order:

BLOUNTSVILLE, TENN., December 31, 1862.

Brigadier-General MARSHALL:

GENERAL: The Yankees are crossing the Blountsville road en route for Kingsport and Estillville, and may be intercepted by way of the Reedy Creek road.

In haste,

W. W. BALDWIN,

Commanding Cavalry, &amp;c.

Appended to the foregoing was the following from one of Major Johnson's captains:

I will get in front of them, and check them until your men can get upon their rear.

JNumbers T. WILLIAMS.

BLOUNTSVILLE, TENN.,

December 31, 1862 (Received 2.30 o'clock.)

The Abolitionists are (a portion of them) in camp at Hull's, 4 miles south of this place. My company has gone on the Kingsport road for further discoveries. The camp at Hull's is on the Jonesborough road. Let me know if you have any force moving on the Reedy Creek road.

Respectfully,

W. W. BALDWIN,

Captain, &c.

(Received about 4 p.m.)

General MARSHALL:

Within you find the report of one of my captains. We are pressing them. For God's sake send all your force direct to Kingsport.

W. W. BALDWIN, &c.

Inside was the following:

Major BALDWIN:

SIR: They have been crossing the ridge by Sheaver's, in the direction of Kingsport.

W. G. GLENN.

P. S.-The supposition is they are about 2,000 strong, as they have been passing for two hours.

AT JOHN L. SHEAVER'S EDEN'S RIDGE, TENN.,

December 31, 1862-6.45 p.m.

General HUMPHREY MARSHALL:

After reconnoitering the country around Blountsville, I am fully convinced that a large portion of the Yankee force is now in camp at Hull's, 4 miles southwest of Blountsville; 1,200 to 1,500 are now, perhaps, in Kingsport, and it is generally believed, from their own statements along the way, that this advanced party is en route for Rogersville, in view of plundering the bank at that place. I yet think we can intercept this force, if your force can reach Kingsport by midnight.

Respectfully,

W. W. BALDWIN,

Commanding Cavalry Scouts.

P. S.-The force at Hull's may be moving. If so, they must pass this point. I will watch their movements and try to keep you advised.

About the same time I received this last dispatch (near 8 p.m.), I also received the following from Captain Bedford, of Clay's command, who had left Bristol about noon to relieve Lieutenant [E.] Hammond, at Union. He had passed directly from Union to Blountsville, and as he

8 R R-VOL XX, PT I

