SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Numbers 22. Nashville, Tenn., November 21, 1862.

* * * * * * *

XXII. The commanding general notices with much pleasure the successful expedition sent out by Colonel W. P. Carlin, commanding Thirty-first Brigade, in the direction of Clarksville, two infantry regiments, under Lieutenant-Colonel McKee, having marched 100 miles, over muddy roads, in five days, through constant rains, without tents, having returned with 46 prisoners, 100 small-arms, 18 horses, and 20 mules, taken from the guerrillas, who infest the country. this handsome little success, which what good infantry can do under an enterprising leader, reflects much credit on all who were engaged in it.

* * * * * * *

By command of Majoror-General Rosecrans;

W. H. SIDELL,

Major Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, Assistant Adjutant-General .

NOVEMBER 19, 1862.-Reconnaissance toward la Vergne, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Joshua W. Sill, U. S. Army, commanding division.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Edward N. Kirk, Thirty-fourth Illinois Infantry, commanding brigade.

Numbers 1.

Report of Brigadier General Joshua W. Sill, U. S. Army, commanding division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, November 19, 1862.

GENERAL: I inclose herewith the report of Colonel Kirk, Thirty-fourth Illinois, commanding Fifth Brigade. he went considerably farther than I had intended and directed, but the provocation probably justified it. The movements of this officer can never be reproached with lack of activity or daring. The First Tennessee Cavalry has been reporting in small squads all day long. The total present may have amounted to 200, of which 120 are still out, making a scout around my camp.

I would prefer that the whole regiment should encamp here, so as to be ready for an emergency. As it is, they come irregularly, and usually without rations or blankets.

Your obedient servant,J. W. SILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major-General A. McD. McCook,

Commanding Right Wing, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 2.

Report of Colonel Edward N. Kirk, Thirty-fourth Illinois Infantry, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH BRIGADE, November 19, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have made a reconnaissance

