
[CHAP. XXXII.

orders. Passing Colonel Clay, bivouacked on the road a mile from the ferry, I crossed the river and halted. In about half an hour came up and ordered the whole command forward. We marched about 5 miles to Pridemore's, where we halted an remained until sunrise the next morning. Moving on to Pattonsville, a distance of about 4 or 5 miles, we halted, fed our horses, and again moved on toward Jonesville about 9 a.m. When within about 7 miles of the latter place, being a mile or two in the rear of the other battalions, I received a message from yourself to move on to Jonesville with rapidity. I pushed on at a brisk trot until I reached the horses of Colonel Clay's and Major Johnson's commands, a short distance from the town, the men having dismounted for action. Passing these horses, I halted, dismounted my men, and ordered the guns to be loaded. I then received an order from you to take the town. Throwing out a company as skirmishers, I advanced upon the town, and, finding no enemy there, and being told by the citizens that he had formed in line at or near the academy, beyond town, I moved on through the town and past the academy until my line of skirmishers had intersected the Harlan road. It being then after dark, we saw no enemy, though they were heard by the skirmishers as they passed out of the old field beyond the academy. Receiving information from the officer commanding the skirmishers that the enemy had taken the road and were certainly gone, I called in the skirmishers, threw out a picket upon the road the enemy had taken, and returned with my regiment to the town, when I was ordered into camp for the night at the academy. The distance from my camp, near Lebanon, to Jonesville, by the route we marched, is 105 miles, and we were from 11.30 p.m. of december 30 until 4 p.m. of January 2 in going that distance.

H. L. GILTNER,

Colonel, Comdg. Fourth Regiment Kentucky Cavalry.

Brigadier General HUMPHREY MARSHALL,

Jonesville, Va.

Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant Colonel E. F. Clay, Third Battalion Kentucky Mounted Rifles, of operations December 30-January 1.

CAMP LIVESAY, January 24, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to your orders, I submit the following report:

At or about 10 a.m. Tuesday, December 30, 1862, I received information from Colonel Slemp and Major [Lieutenant Colonel T. W. W.] Davies [Twenty-eighth Alabama Infantry], (the commandant of the post at Bristol), that some 4,000 Yankee cavalry were moving on Bristol, and at 1 p.m. on Monday were distant 45 miles; that they would probably reach that place by morning; that their direction was about west. While I was acknowledging the receipt of these dispatches, two citizens from Lee County rode up to my tent and confirmed the report, and stated by that time the enemy was no doubt at Estillville, some 28 miles distant from Bristol. I inquired of them why they thought that the enemy was intending a demonstration on Bristol. They replied, because the soldiers had told it along the road, and had frequently asked the distance to that place, which at once led me to believe that he was certainly making for Bristol. Immediately on receiving this intelligence

