
[CHAP. XXXII.

the direction of Blountsville and Union, thinking the enemy would likely attack Bristol from these positions after destroying the bridge at Union. It was about 2 p.m. when I reached Bristol.

On Tuesday night I received information from my scout at Union that the enemy had burned the bridge there and gone in the direction of the Watauga Bridge, some 7 or 8 miles southwest of that place. This information I gave you when you got to Bristol on Tuesday night. Colonel Dunn states in his letter to the Honorable James A. Seddon that he found my camp in a perfect state of disorganization, and that I did not know what to do; that my command was some 450 strong-all confidentially. These statements are infamous, false, and slanderous to the utmost. My command did not exceed 250 men.

I must say, in conclusion, that it is strange, but nevertheless true, that I did not receive any information whatever from citizens except from the two alluded to in the first part of my report.

Yours, very respectfully,

E. F. CLAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Battalion.

Brigadier General HUMPHREY MARSHALL.

Report of Lieutenant H. H. Duncan, Company A, Third Battalion Kentucky Mounted Rifles, of operations December 29-30.

---- -, 1863.

SIR: By your order, I submit the following report:

It was on the night of December 29, 1862, that, by your order, I was ordered to take a part of one company and scout down the Kingsport road, as it was reported the enemy's cavalry was coming in the neighborhood. I had gone some 7 miles and stopped the main body, and sent pickets 1 mile in front, with orders to stand until relieved. This was about two hours before daylight. The pickets in the mean time, hearing horsemen advancing, sent one of their number back to me to know what to do, as Colonel [Major Thomas] Johnson's command was encamped in the neighborhood, and they fearing to fire for fear it was Johnson's men falling back. I was sitting in the road, mounted, with my men, when three men roe up to us from the rear, who afterward proved to be Colonel Johnson and two of his men. At or about the same time three of the enemy rode up and asked if the front of the column was ahead. I asked what column. They replied the Ninth Pennsylvania. I replied that we were Confederate troops, and ordered them to surrender, which they did, as I ordered my men to prepare. At or near the same time I heard a pistol shot, which I afterward learned was Colonel Johnson's. He shot one of the prisoners. We then fell back and stationed pickets. I then delivered the prisoners over to you (Colonel Clay). Colonel Johnson was a prisoner himself until he left himself be known. That was about the time of taking the enemy. These are the facts, as well as I remember.

Yours, respectfully,

H. H. DUNCAN,

Second Lieutenant Co. A, First [Third] Batt. Ky. Mounted Rifles.

Lieutenant-Colonel CLAY.

