
[CHAP. XXXII.

by cars with Colonel Hawkins' regiment and some artillery, Hawkins' regiment not numbering over 300 for duty, but no cavalry, which left us in still a bad condition to pursue cavalry. Colonel Giltner's regiment of cavalry was on the march for Bristol, and arrived about 2 p.m. 31st, to my recollection. In a short time afterward I received orders from you to have my regiment in readiness and to march at dusk with three days' rations. Accordingly, my regiment moved at dark in the direction of Blountsville, and arrived at Blountsville about 1 a.m. January 1, a distance of 9 miles. Within an hour afterward you arrived, and gave orders to resume the march to Moccasin Gap immediately, distant from Blountsville 17 miles. At sunrise we were within 11 miles of the gap, and marched in quick time until within about 6 miles of the gap, when we learned the enemy had gone in the direction of Rogersville, Tenn. I then gave my men a little more time, and arrived at the gap about 1 p.m., the enemy being on the march on the Rogersville road, and proceeded to Estillville without halting. There I received orders to move to Speer's Ferry, 10 miles farther, and all other orders on the march were received from Colonel H. Hawkins, senior to myself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. SLEMP,

Colonel Sixty-fourth Virginia Regiment.

Brigadier-General MARSHALL.

Numbers 13. Report of Major Isaac B Dunn, relative to operations December 29-January 1.

GOODSON, VA., January 5, 1863.

DEAR SIR: After my last letter to you, in which I advised you of the disorganized and scattered condition of General Marshall's command, and reporting the doings of a portion of his command near by my residence, but six days had transpired before a courier from Lee County called me out of bed at 2.30 a.m. Tuesday, informing me that a column of Yankee cavalry (variously estimated at from 1,500 to 4,000) had reached Pattonsville at 1 p.m. Monday, and were advancing upon Bristol, and would reach the railroad before daylight, passing my house, which is on the public road, 3 miles west of the Bristol depot. I sent runners to all my neighbors, and got them in arms, and then at daylight proceeded to the camp of [Lieutenant-[Colonel Clay, which was, as stated in a former letter, 1 mile from my house. I found them disorganized, confuse,d and apparently utterly at a loss to know what to do. Colonel Clay had been notified by General Marshall, from Abingdon, that a Yankee force was advancing upon him. He had thrown a picket down the road, for he was encamped upon the road by which they were approaching Bristol. Colonel [Major Thomas] Johnson, of Kentucky, who had been at Abingdon, had brought intelligence from General [Marshall] to Colonel Clay of the Yankee approach; was proceeding with all possible haste to his command (350 men), encamped below Kingsport, 2 miles west, at Ross Camp-Ground, fearful they would be cut off, the Yankees being then 6 miles distant from Colonel Clay's camp, and between Clay and Colonel Johnson's command, the latter being entirely in their rear. Six miles west of Colonel Clay's camp Colonel Johnson met Clay's scouts returning at full speed, cautioning him that the enemy

