
 [CHAP. XXXII.
come up, told some of Company B to go in there after them. I did not know anything of it until I had got up to within about four rods of the enemy; had fired every round from my pistol, and was fast gaining on them. I looked back to see if my men were all ready for them, and not a man was with me except Sergeant McIntire, who, although wounded in the leg, kept close to my side. I soon made up my mind I had gone far enough. I went back and found most of the men in the lot, with this lieutenant picking them up there. It was now too late to think of overtaking them, but, thinking some of them might be in the woods, I dismounted Companies A and B, and skirmished through the woods and got 1 prisoner by the operation; in all we got 6 prisoners; killed 2, wounded 1, and came out ourselves with only 1 wounded. The men all behaved nobly, and although the bullets fell thick and fast, not one faltered, but did his best keep up. I cannot speak too highly of Sergeant McIntire, who, although wounded, showed coolness and courage not often exhibited by older and more experienced soldiers. Had it not been for the interference of the lieutenant, I am confident that we might have captured a fine lot of them. We went back and reported to Colonel Stanley, who took the prisoners in charge, when we started for camp, arriving here at 5 p.m.

I am your most obedient servant,

F. W. MIX,

Captain Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

Colonel R. H. G. MINTY.

DECEMBER 22, 1862-JANUARY 2, 1863.-Morgan's second Kentucky raid.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

December 22, 1862-Morgan's command sets out from Alexandria, Tenn., and crosses the Cumberland River.

24, 1862.-Skirmish at Glasgow, Ky.

25, 1862.-Skirmish on the Burkesville road, near Green's Chapel, Ky.

Skirmish at Bear Wallow, Ky.

26, 1862.-Skirmish at Bacon Creek, near Munfordville, Ky.

Capture of stockade at Nolin, Ky.

27, 1862.-Capture of Union forces at Elizabethtown, Ky.

28, 1862.-Skirmish at Muldraugh's Hill, Ky.

29, 1862.-Skirmish near Johnson's Ferry (or Hamilton's Ford), Rolling Fork, Ky.

Capture of stockade at Boston, Ky.

30, 1862.-Affair at Springfield, Ky.

Skirmish at New Have, Ky.

31, 1862.-Affair at Muldraugh's Hill, near New Market, Ky.

January 2, 1863.-Morgan's command recrosses the Cumberland River.

LIST OF REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major-General Horatio G. Wright, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Ohio.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General T. Boyle, U. S. Army, commanding District of Western Kentucky.

Numbers 3.-Colonel John M. Harlan, Tenth Kentucky Infantry, commanding brigade, including skirmish near Johnson's Ferry, Ky.

Numbers 4.-Colonel William A. Hoskins, Twelfth Kentucky Infantry, commanding brigade, including affair at Springfield, Ky.

