
Numbers 5.-Colonel Edward H. Hobson, Thirteenth Kentucky Infantry, commanding at Munfordville, including skirmishes at Glasgow, near Green's Chapel, at Bear Wallow, and at Bacon Creek, Ky.

Numbers 6.-Captain Frank W. Dickey, Second Michigan Cavalry, of skirmish at Glasgow, Ky.

Numbers 7.-Colonel Isaac P. Gray, Fourth Indiana Cavalry, of skirmish near Green's Chapel, Ky.

Numbers 8.-Colonel William G. Benneson, Seventy-eighth Illinois Infantry, of skirmish at New Haven, Ky.

Numbers 9.-Brigadier General John H. Morgan, C. S. Army, commanding expedition.

Numbers 1. Report of Major-General Horatio G. Wright, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Ohio.
HEADQUARTERS,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 31, 1862.

A force of cavalry from Bragg's army having crossed the Cumberland at Hartsville and proceeding via Glasgow, have made a raid on the Louisville and Nashville Railroad, occasioning considerable damage, and cutting for a time, the communication with General Rosecrans. The rebels, under Morgan, first made an attack on Munfordville, but are reported to have been three times repulsed. Leaving this place, and penetrating between our forces, they fell upon and captured the smaller posts at Elizabethtown and Muldraugh's Hill, burning the trestle-work near latter. This is the most serious damage to the road. At Rolling Fork the rebels were also repulsed, and at last advices were moving eastward. It is hoped the dispositions made of our forces may result in their capture, though, as our mounted force is inferior, it cannot be looked upon as ascertain. The Cumberland is now navigable, and supplies are being sent that way to General Rosecrans, so that the result of the raid will not be very important. As soon as the reports called for are received, a full report will be made. Last reports from Nashville were that Rosecrans was in sight of Murfreesborough Monday night, after severe skirmishing and a battle expected Tuesday.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

Major-General H. W. HALLECK.

Numbers 2. Reports of Brigadier General Jeremiah T. Boyle, U. S. Army, commanding District of Western Kentucky.*

LOUISVILLE, KY., December 30, 1862.

Colonel Harlan fell on Morgan's rear and killed and wounded a number of rebels. Among them Colonel Basil W. Duke was wounded. Captured 1 captain and 6 privates. There was brisk fighting for one hour and a half, when the rebels retreated. We lost 2 killed and 3 wounded- Lieutenant Pollis, of the artillery, since died. Rolling Fork Bridge not injured. Morgan retreated toward Bardstown. My pickets 22 miles in the direction of Bardstown, at Salt River. Saw no signs of the enemy,, but heard from many persons that Morgan was in Bardstown last night, and left this morning at 8 o'clock, going eastward, toward Springfield.

---------------

*See also Correspondence, etc. December 24, 1862-January 3, 1863, Part II.

---------------

