
[CHAP. XXXII.

Three or four hundred of Morgan's men attacked the stockade at New Haven, but were twice repulsed, with some loss, not known. New Haven Bridge safe. At last accounts my men report one or two companies of Morgan's men going to Bloomfield.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General WRIGHT.

LOUISVILLE, KY.,

January 1, 1863-11 p.m.

Rebel General Morgan crossed Cumberland River, cut off Nashville at Gainesborough, and appeared in front of Munfordville on 25th December. Colonel Hobson, Thirteenth Kentucky, drove part of his force killing 9 and capturing 16. Morgan crossed Green River above Munfordville, and moved in direction of Elizabethtown, burning bridge at Bacon Creek and Nolin. He destroyed trestle-work at Muldraugh's Hill, and moved for Rolling Fork. Colonel Harlan, of Tenth Kentucky, commanding brigade, overtook at Rolling Fork, and attacked him, killing and wounding a number and capturing a captain and some privates. Colonel Duke (rebel) died of wounds, and one of our lieutenants of artillery. Colonel Harlan crossed, pursued,and attacked him at Rolling Fork, Salt River Bridge. This is first instance, I believe, of infantry waiting and attacking cavalry. Morgan fled before Harlan to Bardstown, and from there attempted to escape between Lebanon and Campbellsville. Colonel Hoskins, Twelfth Kentucky, commanding there, attacked him this morning, killing a number and capturing 90 men, his caissons, and ammunition wagons. Morgan is flying precipitately. General Reynolds marched from Glasgow yesterday for Greensburg, and may intercept him. Colonel Halisy, Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, killed. Our casualties not yet reported. Morgan has paid dearly for what he has done.

I have sent boats up Green River to Bowling Green, whence railroad is in order to Nashville, with provisions for Rosecrans' army. Also sent boats up Cumberland. With control of gunboats on Cumberland, can easily supply General Rosecrans' army. General Rosecrans occupies Murfreesborough.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States.

Numbers 3. Reports of Colonel John M. Harlan, Tenth Kentucky Infantry, commanding brigade, including skirmish near Johnson's Ferry, Ky.

BOWLING GREEN, KY.,

December 26, 1862-8.15 p.m.

COLONEL: Delayed to-day by condition of road; loads too heavy for engines. One engine became entirely useless at South Tunnel, and one train delayed there until engine came from Nashville. All the trains will be here by 9 o'clock. You have been advised, as i learn by Colonel Hobson, of the success of the rebels at Bacon Creek stockade, and the destruction by them of 2 miles of road. Not believed here

