
that Morgan has any force south of Green River, and the impression is that the track is all right as Cave City and Munfordville, but no certain facts are known upon which to base the opinion. Shall I go on in the cars to-night, under these circumstances, or wait until daylight? General Manson says he has positive information that the track was right last night at Cave City, but knows nothing as to track beyond that point.

JOHN M. HARLAN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE.

MUNFORDVILLE, December 29, 1862.

GENERAL: Came up with Morgan to-day-mouth of Beech Fork, on Rolling Fork, 10 miles from Elizabethtown, on Bardstown road. I formed in line, advanced skirmishers, who engaged the enemy's skirmishers with great spirit. Part of Morgan's men had crossed the river before we arrived, and were driven across with some confusion. Many had to swim; many fled up the river to Boston Ford, beyond pursuit. Think Morgan is aiming for Bardstown, and designs to destroy Shepherdsville Bridge, if possible. He destroyed the trestle-work; he did it before I arrived, and I learn that he has destroyed Rolling Fork Bridge, but not certain; will know in a few hours. I had a lieutenant and several men wounded, 2 killed; number of rebel horses were killed by our artillery. If Rolling Fork Bridge is not destroyed, I will go there to-night and save it. I would have saved the road, I think, but for delay occasioned by engines on the road. Skirmishers behaved well.

JOHN M. HARLAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General ROSECRANS.

ROLLING FORK BRIDGE,

December 30, 1862.

GENERAL: On the night of the 26th, I left Gallatin, with orders to come to Cave City and drive Morgan from the railroad. When I reached Bowling Green, I received additional orders to come on to Munfordville, and drove him from that vicinity. As he followed the line of the railroad, I continued the pursuit, and came up with him yesterday morning at 10 o'clock, near Johnson's Ferry, about 5 miles above this point. When my artillery opened, two of his regiments and two pieces of artillery were within a half mile of the bridge here, and about to make an attack. The noise of my guns induced them to move back up the river, and abandon the attempt on this bridge. My close pursuit of him saved this bridge. A part of his force crossed 1 1/2 miles higher up the river, above the mouth of Beech Fork. Two hundred went up the river toward New Haven. After driving them across the river, I rested until 12 o'clock p.m., and then came to this place, reaching it at daybreak. My men were worn out and their rations exhausted, and in the swollen state of the river it would have been difficult for my infantry to cross. I feared, besides, that Morgan would whip around and make an attempt on this point. I am in doubt as to what I should do, and desire you to communicate with me at once. I think the time has come for Morgan either to retreat in the direction of Glasgow or Somerset, or to move on into Central Kentucky.

