
artillery to open, which was promptly executed, resulting in the rapid dispersion of the rebels. The infantry were ordered up double-quick. I went to the front in person, and from a high hill I saw quite distinctly a very large body of cavalry formed in line of battle near the river. Their officers were riding along their line, apparently preparing to give us battle.

Knowing that Morgan had a larger force than I had, I proceeded cautiously, and yet as expeditiously as the nature of the ground and the circumstances admitted. My men were formed in two lines; skirmishers were thrown out from both infantry and cavalry, covering our whole front, and were ordered to advance and engage the enemy, the whole line following in close supporting distance. The firing commenced on the part of the rebels, on our left; it was promptly and vigorously responded to by my skirmishers and the artillery. After a while the rebels were driven away, and they then made some demonstrations to occupy an eminence upon my right. To meet this movement the Tenth Indiana (Colonel Carroll) was ordered to occupy that eminence, from which four companies were ordered to clear the woods on the right of my line. The Fourth Kentucky, Colonel Croxton; Fourteenth Ohio, Colonel Este; Seventy-fourth Indiana, Colonel Chapman, were ordered to form on the left of the Tenth Indiana. A section of the battery was ordered to occupy the eminence, and the Tenth Kentucky, Lieutenant-Colonel Hays, ordered to support it. This left the Thirteenth Kentucky, Major Hobson, on my left, supporting the section of the battery stationed there. The firing now became general all along the right of our line of skirmishers; but the rebels, after an obstinate resistance, broke and fled precipitately in every direction. Some struck out into the woods; some went up the river as far as New Haven; some swam the river with their horses. Farther pursuit that evening was impracticable, and I may say impossible, in the exhausted state of my men, they having left Munfordville Sunday morning and come up with the enemy the succeeding day at 1 o'clock-43 miles distant.

The casualties in my command were as follow, viz: Lieutenant Henry W. Pollis, of Southwick's battery (Company C, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery), fell at his post, mortally wounded. He died the succeeding day. He was a promising young officer, and his low will be severely felt. Private Louis W. Finney, Company I, Tenth Indiana Volunteers, was also mortally wounded, and died the 30th. Private John C. Osborn, Company A, Tenth Indiana, slightly wounded. Thomas J. Burton, Company F, Fourth Kentucky Volunteers, was killed instantly.

The number of killed and wounded among the rebels I have not had an opportunity to ascertain, because, for the most part, they fought under cover of a thick, heavy woods, and we marched away from the scene of conflict shortly after its conclusion, for reasons hereinafter stated. It is certain, however, that among the wounded was General Basil W. Duke, commanding a brigade under Morgan, and who is believed to be the life and soul of all the movements of the latter; and near where he was seen during the engagement 10 dead horses were found within a space of 20 feet square, the work of the section of Southwick's battery on the left. Some of the citizens in the vicinity informed me that the rebel wounded were taken off and some of their dead thrown into the river; whether this is true or not I will not pretend to say.

The rebels encamped that night near Boston, Nelson County. Their camp was equally distant with mine from the Rolling Fork Bridge, which was believed at Elizabethtown to have been destroyed; but not being satisfied that such was the case, I dispatched a messenger to that

