
I am entirely satisfied with the conduct of every officer and man I had with me. This report is so hastily written that I fear it will be unintelligible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. N. KIRK,

Commanding Fifth Brigade.

Captain J. E. STEARNS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

NOVEMBER 19, 1862.-Skirmish near Tompkinsville, Ky.

Report of Colonel James R. Howard, Alabama cavalry.

CAMP KIRBY. November 20, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit to you a report of a scout made by me into Kentucky.

On the 17th instant a portion of my command took up their line of march from camp near Sparta for the Kentucky line. When about 75 miles over the Kentucky and Tennessee line, we encountered a large force of the enemy's cavalry, gave them fight, and, after a brisk engagement of about half an hour, with the assistance of Divine Providence, we completely routed them, killing 27, and wounding a large number. Our loss, 4 men killed and 3 wounded. My command behaved gallantly, especially the officers, and too much praise cannot be given to my adjutant, Noah D. Rothrock, for his valuable assistance and gallantry on the occasion. We followed up the enemy and a short hand-to-hand engagement, and again cut them up badly, bringing out from them nearly 5,000 head of hogs. While accomplishing this, the enemy rallied twice, and on both occasions we repulsed them, bringing the hogs safety through, and turning them over to Major [John J.] Murphy, commissary of subsistence.

Another portion of my command made a scout with a train of wagons, and succeeded in bringing them out safety, loaded with flour and bacon. They encountered no regular forces, but were much annoyed by bushwhackers. None of our men were hurt, but we gave them a Southern lesson.

I have the honor, general, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. HOWARD,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

Lieutenant General E. KIRBY SMITH,

commanding Department of East Tennessee.

NOVEMBER 24, 1862.-Skirmish near Tompkinsville, Ky.

Report of Colonel Joseph R. Scott, Nineteenth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. 39TH BRIG., 12TH DIV (CENTER), 14TH CORPS D'ARMEE,Hartsville, Tenn., November 28, 1862.

SIR: I respectfully report the arrival of my command at this point at 2 p. to-day; also the arrival of my train from Cave City, via Gallatin, with five days' rations and ammunition.

