
I claim, for my command, that it saved the Rolling Fork Bridge, and most probably prevented any attempt to destroy the bridge at Shepherdsville, thus saving from destruction property of immense value, and preventing the utter destruction of the line of railway, by which our army, near Nashville, was mainly supplied. And I submit whether the attack upon Morgan's forces, the timely arrival of my command at Rolling Fork did not prevent a raid upon other important points in Kentucky. It is very certain that after my command drove the rebel chieftain across the Rolling Fork, in such a precipitate manner, he abandoned the railroad, and very soon thereafter fled from the State, hotly pursued by other forces.

I cannot permit this occasion to pass without acknowledging the promptness with which that gallant officer, Colonel E. H. Hobson, furnished me all the aid in his power, in the way of men, provisions, and transportation. The rapidity of my marches is due in a great measure to the aid so cheerfully and generously rendered by him. Nor can I close this report without saying that had sufficient engines been furnished to draw the trains, the railroad would have been damaged but very little, because, without accident, I could have reached Munfordville in abundant time to have caught up with the rebels before they reached Elizabethtown; certainly before they reached the trestle-work on Muldraugh's Hill.

As the operations of my brigade were entirely within the Western District of Kentucky, Brigadier-General Boyle commanding, I have deemed it my duty, in compliance with his request, to forward to him a copy of this report, so that he may be officially advised of all that was done by me within his department, in connection with the recent raid into Kentucky.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. HARLAN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain ED. C. DENIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Gallatin, Tenn., January 11, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. Colonel Harlan, for the energy, promptness, and success in pursuing and driving rebel forces from railroad, is entitled to the gratitude not only of the people of Kentucky, but of the whole Army of the Cumberland. He is, in my opinion, entitled to special notice from the commanding general, and anything he can say or do for him will be thankfully received.

SPEED S. FRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel William A. Hoskins, Twelfth Kentucky Infantry, commanding brigade, including affair at Springfield, Ky.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Lebanon, Ky., January 6, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations before Lebanon, commencing on December 26, 1862, at which time

