
Soon after going into camp, General Fry arrived and assumed command of all the troops in the vicinity of Columbia, and ordered the pursuit to be resumed, which order was countermanded at a point 3 miles beyond Columbia. The result of these operations was the capture of about 150 prisoners, a number of horses and trappings, some arms, two caissons, and a quantity of ammunition for artillery and small-arms. It is also reported by a citizen that one of our shells exploded among the rebel rear guard at Green River, and killed 3 of their number.

I regret that there could not be more concerted action between Colonel Harlan and myself, for, had he pressed upon and followed Morgan to Springfield, I could have attacked him in front while he engaged his rear, or we could have attacked him unitedly. I also regret that the re-enforcements from Danville never reached me. My determination was to attack Morgan at Springfield, had they come up.

To Colonel Reid and the officers and men of his brigade, I take pleasure in expressing my thanks for the promptness and alacrity with which they executed orders confided to them. It may be proper to state that the aggregate force of this brigade did not exceed 1,800 men, and my whole effective force did not exceed 3,300 men.

To Captain Miller, of Company M, First Illinois Battery, thanks are due for his efficient services as an artillery officer.

My thanks are due to Colonel Craddock for his energy and valuable suggestions, as well as to all the officers on the expedition. But, above all, the gallant soldiers composing the command deserve especial notice for the cheerfulness with which they endured the privations to which they were necessarily subjected and the alacrity with which they obeyed all orders.

To my aides, Captain Letcher, of the Twelfth; Captain Hilpp, of the Tenth; Lieutenant Mannen, of the Sixteenth Kentucky, and Lieutenant Nell, of the First Kentucky Battery, my thanks are due for the efficient manner in which they discharged their duties.

Captain Gaubert, post quartermaster, displayed great energy and efficiency in getting up, on short notice, transportation and rations for the expedition. And while it may seem invidious to make distinctions where all deserve commendation, yet especial thanks are due to Lieutenant-Colonel Gault and Major Harbeson, of the Sixteenth Kentucky; Majors Farris, Rue, and Fidler, of the cavalry, and Dr. S. M. Cartmell, medical director of the expedition; nor should I forget Captains John S. and Carr B. White, of the Sixteenth Kentucky, and Lieutenant Crozier, of the Twelfth, who, with their companies, supported sections of battery, and were always in place and ready for duty.

I ought, perhaps, to state that I labored under great disadvantage, from the fact that I could get no definite information of Morgan's force. I had been officially notified that Morgan, at the time of his attack on Elizabethtown, had less than 3,000 men, and certainly but two pieces of artillery. I had also been officially notified that simultaneously with his attack on that place an attack was made on Munfordville, supposed to be led by Kirby Smith, whose force was unknown. When I learned that the force advancing on Lebanon certainly had ten pieces of artillery, I inferred that a junction of the two forces had been effected, the whole force being reported by citizens and scouts at 11,000.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. HOSKINS,

Colonel, Commanding Expedition.

Brigadier General C. C. GILBERT,

Comdg. Tenth Division, Army of the Cumberland.

