
[CHAP. XXXII.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel Edward H. Hobson, Thirteenth Kentucky Infantry, commanding at Munfordville, including skirmishes at Glasgow, near Green's Chapel, at Bear Wallow, and at Bacon Creek, Ky.
HEADQUARTERS,Munfordville, Ky., January 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit a report of the disposition of the troops under my command at this point during the recent raid of Morgan on the line of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad.

On December 17, 1862, I received information of a rebel force being in the State. I immediately put my scouts on the alert, and waited for the enemy to make some move by which I could detect his design.

On the 24th I received a dispatch from General Reynolds, at Gallatin, stating that a large rebel force had crossed the Cumberland at Gainesville, and were making for Glasgow. I received dispatches at the same time from Generals Boyle and Gilbert, confirming what I had formerly heard.

On the evening of December 24, Companies C, L, M, and H, Second Michigan Cavalry, under orders from Gallatin to Munfordville, captured a man belonging to Morgan's command, who reported a large force in Glasgow. Company C, Lieutenant Darrow, met the advance of the enemy in the town, and a skirmish ensued, in which our loss was 1 killed, 1 wounded, and 16 prisoners. The loss of the enemy was 1 major, 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, and several privates killed and wounded, and 7 prisoners.

It being dark, and the enemy clothed in our uniform, it was with difficulty that friends could be distinguished from foes. After repulsing the advance guard of Morgan, the Second Michigan fell back to Cave City, their retreat being covered by the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, Colonel Q. C. Shanks, and both returned to camp, the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry to get new arms, which had just arrived, and the Second Michigan Cavalry to rest from a march of 60 miles in less than twenty-four hours, men and horses being completely exhausted.

The siege guns, which were anxiously expected, having arrived on the morning of December 25, at 1 o'clock, I immediately put a force to work to manufacture the proper technical fixtures, which I was pained to learn had been entirely neglected in shipping the guns, and place them in position on the north side of the river. At the same time I had the floor of the bridge planked over to render it safe in crossing, should re-enforcements be required on either side. I also telegraphed General Boyle all the information of importance, and asked him for additional ammunition for infantry, and sponges, rammers, sights, elevating screws, &amp;c., for the siege guns.

On the 24th I had taken all pains to learn the real strength of the enemy, which I found variously estimated at from 3,000 to 4,500, commanded by Major-General Morgan, the regiments by Duke, Gano, Cluke, Chenault, Bennett, Stoner, and Breckinridge, with White's battery of eight guns, the largest a 12-pounder. White's name is supposed to be Robinson, formerly of Kentucky.

At 5 p.m., December 25, I again ordered the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, Colonel Shanks, to Cave City and beyond to Bear Wallow, with the First and Second Battalions, the Third, under Major Stout, being ordered on the Greensburg road to Burnt Bridge Ford, north of Green River, and two companies each, Fourth and Fifth Indiana Cavalry, Colonel.

