
Isaac P. Gray, on the Burkesville road, south of Green River, with instructions to each to give battle, and, if overpowered by largely superior forces, to skirmish the way back to Woodsonville, sending couriers often to my headquarters.

When near Green's Chapel, 6 miles from Munfordville, Colonel Gray attacked the advance guard of Morgan, and about the same time Colonel Shanks attacked the rear guard at Bear Wallow, 12 miles from this point. The advance guard fell back on the main body, with a loss of 9 killed, 22 wounded, and 5 prisoners, our loss being 1 killed, 2 prisoners, and several horses killed. The Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, in the rear, killed 1, wounded 2, and took 2 officers and 10 men prisoners, with no loss.

The force and position of the enemy being ascertained by these movements, the cavalry was ordered back to camp, leaving vedettes to watch the movements of the enemy. I telegraphed General Granger, General Boyle and General Gilbert everything of importance, and telegraphed General Boyle the condition of the guns and the want of ammunition. I sent dispatches frequently, but could get no answer from the operator in Louisville to the call of the operator at this point during the afternoon of the 25th, until too late to effect anything by trains from Louisville. I also telegraphed that it was Morgan's design to attack the tunnel and the works beyond.

At 9 p.m. the 25th, scouts brought the information that 100 of the enemy were crossing the river at Burnt Bridge Ford. This was confirmed during the night by reports that the whole force was crossing and moving in the direction of Hammondsville. I immediately ordered Captain Dickey, of the Second Michigan, to proceed to Bacon Creek stockade, reporting to my headquarters by courier at 9 and 10 a.m., and oftener, if necessary, and also ordered the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, Colonel Shanks, toward Hammondsville, to report often by courier. Soon after arriving at Bacon Creek and arranging his pickets, Captain Dickey was attacked by the advance of Morgan, and flanked by a large force. Captain Dickey having less than 80 men for duty, on account of the exertions of the 23rd and 24th, was compelled to fall back on Munfordville, fighting his way. Learning this by courier, I shifted Colonel Shanks, with the exception of two companies, from the Greensburg road to cover the retreat of the Second Michigan, by attacking the enemy, and, gradually falling back of Munfordville, to draw him in and give play for the skirmishers the Twenty-fifth Michigan Infantry, Colonel Moore, on the right; Lieutenant-Colonel Carey, Thirty-sixth Indiana, in the center, with the convalescent battalion, and Major Hobson, commanding Thirteenth Kentucky, on the left.

The officers and men of these commands acted with great promptness and ease while performing the various evolutions, but the wary foe would not engage them. A few shots were fired by the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, when the enemy fell back to Bacon Creek.

During this skirmish our loss was 21 men and 2 officers taken prisoners. Loss of the enemy not known.

During the night of the 26th, believing that Morgan would make an attack on this place from the other side of the river, I made arrangements for ferrying from the south side the only two field pieces under Lieutenant Hale, Sixth Michigan Battery; also to bring over ammunition by way of the bridge on a hand-car.

I kept the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry in line of battle between Bacon Creek and Munfordville until after dark on the 26th; and, believing that if an attack was made in the morning the depot would be burned

