
On the enemy afternoon of the 24th instant the enemy made a slight demonstration upon Tomkinsville with cavalry and artillery. My pickets, aides by cavalry, repulsed them, capturing one, a private of Hamilton's company, who reports the attacking party to have been a detachment of Scott's cavalry, 700 strong, with three mountain howitzers. They came from Sparta, by way of Bennett's Ferry, crossing the Cumberland at Celina. Hamilton's company has been enforcing the conscript law and guarding stock between Celina and Gainsborough.
Being induced to believe that the enemy was crossing the Scottsville road, preparatory to attacking me from that quarter in the morning, I, in obedience to marching orders, received the night previous, left Tompkinsville by that road at 9 p. m. on the evening of the 24th instant. I failed to meet the enemy; took the branch road to La Fayette, and from thence to Hartsville. It is reported that the enemy occupied Tompkinsville on my departure. I met with no interruption in my march until within 3 miles of Hartsville, when I came upon a body of rebel cavalry, of whom I took 2 prisoners. They report themselves as belonging to Bennett's cavalry, 200 of whom, under the command of Colonel Bennett himself, left their camp at Stone's River, 6 miles from Murfreesborough, on a scout this side of the Cumberland yesterday evening, having ridden all night. They report Morgan and Duke encamped in similar positions around Murfreesborough, where there is also a large force of infantry. The rebel cavalry fled, at my approach, in the direction of Dickinson's Springs, 8 miles from here. Upon nearing the town, I met a detachment of the Second Indiana Cavalry, attached to the troops at this point, who reported the capture, by this party of rebels, of a forage train and one company of cavalry. I immediately sent one regiment of infantry after them, directing the cavalry to take a detour, in order to intercept them on the road. The infantry has returned, and report the cavalry as having missed the enemy, and gone forward in pursuit.

I received dispatched by courier to-night, and will immediately follow your instructions in regard to scout. I relieve the troops of the Second Brigade, First Division, who march from here to-morrow morning.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. SCOTT,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-ninth Brigade.

Captain D. BRADEN, Assistant Adjutant General.

NOVEMBER 26-27, 1862.-Reconnaissance to La Vergne, Tenn., and Skirmish.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Joshua W. Sill, U. S. Army, commanding division.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant, Colonel Peter B. Housum, Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 3.- Captain Thomas E. Rose, Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 4.-Congratulatory letter from General Braxton Bragg to Brigadier

General Joseph Wheeler, C. S. Army, commanding cavalry.

Numbers 1.

Report of Brigadier General Joshua W. Sill, U. S. Army, commanding division.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, November 27, 1862.

GENERAL: Hearing some vague rumors yesterday concerning a heavy

