
[CHAP. XXXII.

I doubled my line of pickets and removed the stores within the fortifications.

The gallant hero of inferior numbers did not attack me on the morning of the 27th, and I was forced to be content with re-enforcing Colonel Harlan with the Thirteenth Kentucky Infantry and nine companies of the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, at the urgent request of Colonel Shanks, whose services he will, of course, mention in his report in a proper manner.

The troops were all in readiness for the reception of Morgan. The brass guns (6-pounders), under command of Captain Demarest, Twenty-fifth Michigan Infantry, manned by infantry, were placed in positions commanding Bacon Creek and Greensburg roads, and the siege guns being in the fortifications near the bridge, under special charge of Captain Stacey, inspector-general of the Tenth Division, whose perseverance in overcoming the difficulties of mounting the guns without the proper equipments, deserves the highest praise. The officers and men of my command during these movements bore themselves with the most soldierly behavior.

I cannot speak to highly of the cavalry commands of Colonels Gray and Shanks, Captains Dickey and Twyman, for the valuable services they rendered constantly.

Fleg's sharpshooters were promptly at their post, ready at any time to do their duty as becomes their commands, as also the One hundred and seventh Illinois, Lieutenant-Colonel McComas. The Twenty-seventh Kentucky, Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Ward, also rendered efficient service south of the river, not forgetting to bring to your notice Lieutenant Hale's sixth section Sixth Michigan Battery, and Captain Hall, commanding battalion of the Thirty-third Kentucky.

I was materially assisted in my duties of the disposition and movements of my command by J. S. Butler, acting assistant adjutant-general efficiency of volunteer aides, Lieutenant Dawson, Thirty-third Kentucky; also Post Quartermaster and Lieutenant Cummings.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. HOBSON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

GEORGE K. SPEED,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Division.

Numbers 6. Report of Captain Frank W. Dickey, Second Michigan Cavalry, of skirmish at Glasgow, Ky.

CAVE CITY, KY.,

December 24, 1862-8.04 p.m.

GENERAL: The Second Battalion of Michigan Cavalry were attacked at Glasgow at dark this evening. Two of our men killed. Two or three rebels killed. We were on the march from Gallatin to Munfordville. Rebels supposed to be strong-have two batteries.

F. W. DICKEY,

Captain.

General ROSECRANS.

