
Numbers 7. Report of Colonel Isaac P. Gray, Fourth Indiana Cavalry, of skirmish near Green's Chapel, Ky.

MUMFORDVILLE, December 31, 1862.

COLONEL: In accordance with your order, I took the forces under my command, consisting of two companies of the Fourth Indiana Cavalry and two companies of the Fifth Indiana Cavalry, and proceeded to scout the road. I had just reached the pike with the column when my advance, which was about 1 mile ahead, was fired upon by the advance of the enemy. I immediately ordered the fences to be thrown down on each side of the road, and directed Captain Purdy's company, of Fourth Indiana Cavalry, to proceed through the field on the right of the pike, and form his company in line battle. He had just got his company formed when the enemy came on at full speed, on a charge, 300 strong, and, when within shooting distance, commenced firing. I sent Lieutenant Smith, in command of Company C, of Fifth Indiana Cavalry, through the field on the left of the pike, and ordered him to proceed down a hollow in the field out of view of the enemy, who did not discover him until he commenced firing at not to exceed 50 yards range, which threw him into confusion and caused him to retreat in disorder, with a loss of 9 killed, and, as near as I can ascertain, 22 wounded and 5 prisoners. My loss was 1 killed and 2 taken prisoners, by being intoxicated and straggling behind the command. I had also several horses shot. I had scarcely got my command reorganized before the main force of the enemy, 4,500 strong, came on at full speed, flanking at both sides for the purpose of surrounding my command, but were not fast enough to effect this object.

Yours, most respectfully,

ISAAC P. GRAY,

Colonel, Fourth Indiana Cavalry.

Colonel HOBSON.

Numbers 8. Report of Colonel William H. Benneson, Seventy-eighth Illinois Infantry, of skirmish at New Haven, Ky.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLS.,New Haven, Ky., January 10, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to the order of General Gilbert, requiring a report of the late affair between the troops of my command at this place and a body of the enemy, I have the honor to report as follows:

The enemy appeared in the vicinity of the stockade at this place on the evening of the 29th ultimo, and displayed a force much superior to my own, but the extent of his numbers I could ont ascertain. The weakness of my command, consisting of one company (H, Seventy-eighth Illinois Volunteers) only, numbering 80 guns, and the strict orders I was under to keep within 300 yards of the stockade, and act on the defensive alone, prevented me making any reconnaissance to ascertain his strength. In anticipation of an attack from him the next morning, the stockade and its environs were cleared for action, and every precaution taken to secure the safety of my men as far as possible under the circumstances.

About 9 o'clock the next morning (December 30), after a formal demand for the surrender of the post, and refusal, the enemy, with one piece of artillery (a 12-pounder howitzer), but with a force smaller than he

