
[CHAP. XXXII.

enemy in my rear this evening, and am now holding telegraphic communication with him.

I have also to report that the Federal colonel, [Dennis J.] Halisy, of the Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, commanding brigade, while engaged in picking up some stragglers of mine, was killed in a hand-to-hand conflict by Lieutenant [George B.] Eastin, of my command, and a lieutenant accompanying him was captured. The Federal forces are now moving down upon me. They left Lebanon this afternoon. I leave early to-morrow morning.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

A. A. G., Army of Tennessee, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MORGAN'S DIVISION,Smithville, Tenn., January 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of the forces under my command during the late expedition into Kentucky:

On the morning of December 22, 1862, I left Alexandria, Tenn., with an effective force of 3,100 guns and seven pieces of artillery, which I divided into two brigades, placing the first under command of Colonel B. W. Duke [Second Kentucky Cavalry], and the second under command of Colonel W. C. P. Breckinridge [Ninth Kentucky Cavalry]. About dusk I crossed the Cumberland River, which I found easily fordable, and encamped some 3 or 4 miles on the other side. I found the people generally well disposed, and that vague rumors of my coming had preceded me.

On the morning of the 23rd I made an early start, and succeeded (though the way for the most part was extremely rough) in making Centreville that evening, a distance of some 30 miles.

The following day (December 24) I marched to within 6 miles of Glasgow, where my first encounter with the enemy took place. I had encamped the main body of my command some 6 miles from the town, and had sent two companies to take possession of it. As they entered the town, they encountered the advance guard of a battalion of the Second Michigan Cavalry. It being quite dark, some little time elapsed before either party became aware of the presence of an enemy, when a skirmish took place, in which Captain [W. E.] Jones [Company A, Ninth Kentucky Cavalry], and a private of Breckinridge's regiment were mortally, and Lieutenant Samuel O. Peyton, of Duke's regiment, seriously, wounded, and some 6 or 7 of my men taken prisoners. Not knowing in what force the enemy might be, my squadron fell back, when the enemy passed through town and took the road to Munfordville. Several of the enemy were killed and wounded, and 22 prisoners, including a captain, were captured and paroled.

The next morning (December 25) I passed through Glasgow and took the Bear Wallow turnpike in the direction of Munfordville. About 10 miles from Green River my scouts reported that a battalion of cavalry was drawn up in line, awaiting our approach. I threw forward two companies and a section of artillery to engage them, made my dispositions for an extended engagement, and advanced as rapidly as possible.

