
[CHAP. XXXII.

side, and Captain Alexander Tribble, and Lieutenant Eastin, of my command, on the other, in which Colonel Halisy was killed by Lieutenant Eastin, and his companions captured.

Both Captain Tribble and Lieutenant Eastin displayed great gallantry on this occasion, and deserve the thanks of the civilized community for putting to rest such an exponent of the Butler and Turchin school as Colonel Halisy.

I reached Campbellsville late that evening, and found there quite an amount of commissary stores, which was most fortunate, as my command had had but little for two days.

On the morning of January 1, 1863, I started for Columbia, where I arrived at 3 p.m. By a night march from this place, I reached Burkesville at daylight the following morning. Here I halted the command for a few hours to rest and feed, and then crossed the Cumberland without molestation. Traveling, then, by easy stages, I reached this point on the evening of January 5, with my command.

The results of the expedition may be summed up as follows: The destruction of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad from Munfordville to Shepherdsville, within 18 miles of Louisville, rendering it impassable for at least two months; the capture of 1,877 prisoners, including 62 commissioned officers; the destruction of over $2,000,000 of United States property, and a large loss to the enemy in killed and wounded.

The loss of my entire command was as follows: Killed, 2; wounded, 24; missing, 64.

In closing this report, I desire to return my sincere acknowledgments to my brigade commanders (Colonel Duke and Breckinridge) and to their subordinate officers for their able and efficient assistance rendered me by them during the expedition, without which it must have failed in effecting many of its principal objects.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

A. A. G. and Chief of Staff, Army of Tennessee.

DECEMBER 23, 1862.-Skirmish near Nashville, Tenn.

LIST OF REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major-General Alexander McD. McCook, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General John A. Wharton, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Major-General Alexander McD. McCook, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,December 23, 1862.

One of General Sheridan's outposts (a sergeant and 9 men) was captured this evening. The vedettes were driven in, and gave no alarm. The enemy's cavalry were dressed in our uniform. Detailed report will be sent in the morning.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE.

