
Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General John A. Wharton, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Nolensville, Tenn., December 24, 1862.

GENERAL: A detachment of Texas Rangers and Second Georgians, under Lieutenants M. L. Gordon and John F. Trippe, captured the advance picket (14 in number) of the enemy on this pike yesterday evening. Several were left dead and wounded on the ground. We sustained no loss. The prisoners have been sent to Murfreesborough. The enemy promise us a visit to-morrow. Thomas' corps d'armee arrived Friday evening, and is encamped on the Charlotte and Granny White pikes. We have annoyed their foraging parties so much that they now send out a very heavy supporting force. Seward, Blair, and Chase have resigned, and things are in a terrible state at Washington. The removal of Halleck has become a military necessity. Banks' forces are to be landed at Ship Island, for the reduction of Mobile. He will command Butler, without Lincoln sends other orders. Please return all papers that have been sent up from these headquarters.

Most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JNumbers A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General JOSEPH WHEELER,

Chief of Cavalry.

DECEMBER 24, 1862-JANUARY 1, 1863.-Expedition into East Tennessee and skirmish at Perkin's Mill, on Elk Fork, December 28.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Major John M. Brown, Tenth Kentucky Cavalry.

No. 2.-Major James L. Foley, Tenth Kentucky Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major John M. Brown, Tenth Kentucky Cavalry.

CAMP FIRST BATTALION, TENTH KENTUCKY CAVALRY,

Danville, Ky., January 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, having been detached with my battalion to London, Ky., under command of Lieutenant Colonel H. B. Wilson, Forty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and having reached that place on the afternoon of December 25, 1862, I was instructed by Lieutenant-Colonel Wilson with the independent command of my cavalry, acting under written orders, of which a copy is herewith inclosed.

I judged it prudent to proceed as rapidly as due regard to the condition and efficiency of my horses would permit, and, therefore, leaving London, Ky., at 11.30 p.m. on December 25, rode 9 miles to the Burnt Church, on the Barboursville road, where I rested until sunrise. I easily reached Barboursville by 3 p.m. of the 26th.

That afternoon and night I spent in concerting plans with Captain Dempsey King and Mr. John Lanman, both men of tried loyalty and extensive information and influence, the former being the recognized head

