
with instructions to approach the camps as near as possible before opening fire. The cavalry companies (B and M, Tenth Kentucky), supported these. The order "forward" was now given, and after proceeding a quarter of a mile the skirmishers opened fire. This was returned by the enemy with considerable spirit, but they soon gave way at the approach of the cavalry, after three unsuccessful attempts to form their line. The rout now became general; the enemy, pushed one very side, refused to stand their ground; our forces, elated with the first success, manfully bore down upon them, and in less than one hour we had full possession of their camp.

They lost 30 killed, 17 wounded, and 51 captured. In addition to this, 80 head of horses and mules fell into our hands, together with a large number of Enfield rifles and ammunition. What could not be brought away was destroyed. The number of rifles which fell into our hands amounted to nearly 200 stand. The camp equipage was all destroyed and burned. This, sir, was accomplished in one hour's time, and without the loss of a man killed or wounded.

The fight occurred in such close proximity to a second camp of the enemy's cavalry, estimated by the prisoners at 600 strong, as to cause the assailed party to seek protection in their lines, hotly pursued by our men.

I take occasion, with much pleasure, to compliment Captains Buchanan and Coffman, and Lieutenants Kerr and Taylor, of Munday's cavalry; Captains Rogers, Nute, and Gray, and Lieutenants Thompson, Caldwell, Trumbo, Bierbower, and Taber, of the Tenth Kentucky Cavalry, for their gallantry and cool bearing displayed on this occasion. Great praise is due the men for their bravery, and they deserve alike to share the glory.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

JAMES L. FOLEY,

Major Tenth Kentucky Cavalry, Commanding Battalion.

Captain B. H. POLK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 25, 1862.-Skirmish on the Wilson Creek pike, between Brentwood and Petersburg, Tenn.

LIST OF REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel P. Sidney Post, Fifty-ninth Illinois Infantry, commanding brigade.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General John A. Wharton, C. S. Army, commanding cavalry brigade.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel P. Sidney Post, Fifty-ninth Illinois Infantry, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,December 25, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders from Brigadier-General Davis, commanding First Division, I started at daylight this morning, with the First Brigade, First Division, and the Fifteenth Regiment Wisconsin Infantry, from the Second Brigade, and the train, reported to me as consisting of more than 200 wagons. We

