
ing from the woods and advancing in line of battle, three lines deep. They drove our little division before them, after a sharp contest, in which we lost 70 or 80 killed, and 375 wounded; but they were repulsed by Negley's division and the remaining troops of the left wing, headed by Morton's Pioneer Brigade, and fled far over the field and beyond their intrenchments, their officers rallying there with great difficulty. They lost heavily. We occupied the ground with the left wing last night. The lines were completed at 4 o'clock this morning. The 3rd was spent in bringing up and distributing provisions and ammunition. It has been raining all day; ground very heavy. To-morrow, being Sunday, we shall probably not fight, unless attacked. This whole country is a natural fortification, and worse that Corinth. No great battle can be fought without regular approaches. Our total loss in wounded, up to this date, is 4,500; killed, 700 or 800. Our communication with Nashville is open. We have provisions there to last to the 25th instant. Further report by letter as soon as I can get an opportunity.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CAMP NEAR MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

January 4, [1863.]

Following my dispatch of last evening, I have to announce that the enemy is in full retreat. They left last night. Rain having raised the river, and the bridge across it, between the left wing and center, being incomplete, I deemed it prudent to withdraw that wing during the night. This occupied my time until 4 o'clock and fatigued the troops. The commencement of the retreat was known to me at 7 o'clock this morning. Our ammunition train arrived during the night. To-day was occupied in distributing ammunition, bringing in the dead, and collecting arms from the field of battle. The pursuit was commenced by the center, the two leading brigades arriving at the west side of Stone's River this evening. The railroad bridges was saved, but in what condition is not known. We shall occupy the town and push the pursuit to-morrow with the center. Will not, probably, be prudent to advance the army very far until communication shall be open to Nashville. We labor under great disadvantages from the inferior number of our cavalry, necessitating large detachments of infantry to guard our trains. Our medical director estimates the wounded in hospital at short of 5,500 wounded, and our dead at 1,000. We have to deplore the loss of Lieutenant-Colonel Garesche, whose capacity and gentlemanly deportment had already endeared him to all the officers of this command, and whole gallantry on the field of battle excited their admiration.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Major-General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

MURFREESBOROUGH,

January 5, 1863-4.30 a.m.

God has crowned our arms with victory. The enemy are badly beaten, and in full retreat. We shall press them as rapidly as our means of

