
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, January 9, 1863-1.05 p.m.

Major-General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Rebel accounts fully confirm your telegrams from the battle-field. The victory was well earned and one of the most brilliant of the war. You and your brave army have won the gratitude of your country and the admiration of the world. The field of Murfreesborough is made historical, and future generations will point will point out the places where so many heroes fell, gloriously, in defense of the Constitution and the Union. All honor to the Army of the Cumberland-thanks to the living and tears for the lamented dead.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 7. Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 31, 1863.

The following resolutions of the General Assembly of the State of Ohio have been received, and, in accordance with the request contained therein, are published to this army:

JOINT RESOLUTIONS RELATIVE TO A VOTE OF THANKS TO MAJOR-GENERAL ROSECRANS.

Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Ohio, That the thanks of this General Assembly are hereby tendered to Major-General Rosecrans, staff, officers, and the brave men under their command, for the glorious victory resulting in the capture of Murfreesborough and the defeat of the rebel forces at that place.

Resolved, That the sympathies of the General Assembly are extended to the families of the brave and noble patriots that have fallen in defense of freedom and constitutional liberty, and that their memories will ever be cherished by a grateful people.

Resolved, That the Governor be requested to forward a copy of the foregoing resolutions to General Rosecrans, with the request that they be read to his command.

JAMES R. HUBBELL,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

P. HITCHCOCK,

Pro Tem. President of the Senate.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

February 9, 1863.

We have now all the reports of the subordinate commanders and staff officers. Will have my report of the battle sent forward in a few days. Some facts in it are worth stating in advance. We have prisoners from one hundred and thirty-one regiments of infantry, twelve battalions of sharpshooters, twenty-three batteries of artillery, and fifty-three regiments of cavalry, giving their fighting force at what all our officers consider a low estimate, near 46,000 infantry, 1,200 sharpshooters, 1,800 artillery, and 13,200 cavalry. Total, 62,000 men. We fought them with 42,000. We hit 165 to their 100. Their loss was 23 1/2, ours 21, per cent, of the fighting force. These figures are significant.

Yours, very respectfully,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief.

