
[CHAP. XXXII.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

February 11, 1863-11.30 p.m.

Captain Elmer Otis, Fourth Cavalry, in the recent battle, wit 400 men charged the enemy, recaptured 300 prisoners, and greatly distinguished himself. By their consent, and at their request, he is commanding a brigade of the regiments, each with a colonel. I earnestly urge his appointment as brigadier-general, in order that he may continue to command, as cavalry officers are greatly needed.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 20. Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 15, 1863.

The following resolutions of the General Assembly of the State of Indiana having been received, are published to this army, in accordance with the request contained therein:

Resolved by the senate (the house concurring), That the thanks of this General Assembly are hereby tendered to Major-General Rosecrans, and the officers and soldiers under his command, for the well-earned victory of Murfreesborough, Tenn., That they, one and all, merit the lasting gratitude of the nation and the admiration of the world.

Resolved, That the patriotic earnestness, skill, sleepless vigilance, and pertinacity displayed by the commanding general in his advance upon the enemy, his plan of battle, and especially in promptly meeting the exigencies of its varying fortunes, prove that he was "the right man in the right place;" that the hearty and prompt co-operation, the gallantry and skill of his division and other commanders, the ready obedience, unyielding and hardy courage of the soldiers are worthy of the highest commendation.

Resolved, That the Army of the Cumberland, Murfreesborough, and the name of each fallen and surviving patriot soldier who took part in the perilous struggle, are forever linked, together in historic renown, and Indiana will preserve, and gratefully cherish, their memory to the latest generation, as among the brightest jewels of an undivided republic.

Resolved, That the secretary of the senate be directed to forward a copy of these resolutions to Major-General Rosecrans, with the request that they be read at the head of each regiment taking part in the battle, if consistent with the rules of military propriety and discipline.

We hereby certify that the accompanying resolutions unanimously passed both branches of the General Assembly of the State of Indiana.

PARIS C. DUNNING,

President of Senate.

SAM. H. BUSKIRK,

Speaker of House of Representatives.

JAMES H. VAWTER,

Secretary of Senate.

A. T. WHITLESEY,

Clerk of House of Representatives.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 12, 1863.

GENERAL: As the sub-reports are now nearly all in, I have the honor to submit, for the information of the General-in-chief, the subjoined report, with accompanying sub-reports, maps, and statistical tables of the

