
ately signaled my skirmishers to change direction to the right, to gain the rear of the battery, which they did until we had wheeled about 30 degrees, when we encountered about 300 dismounted cavalry, which at first I took to be a regiment of infantry. We attacked them a loud cheer, and they immediately began to give way, but disputed the ground for probably 100 yards, when they fled precipitately to their horses, which were posted in the rear of the battery. We pushed at doublequick toward the battery, but, as soon as the cavalry reached their horses, both cavalry and artillery commenced a thundering retreat, and we continued in full pursuit, although we were a quarter of a mile in advance of our main reserve, until an orderly came up, stating that he was the bearer of an order from the brigade commander directing us to fall back, which we did until we neared the town, where I assembled my skirmishers and returned to the regiment.

Your obedient servant,

THOS. E. ROSE,

Captain, Comdg. Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers.

S. T. DAVIS,

Adjutant Seventy-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Numbers 4.

Congratulatory letter from General Braxton Bragg to Brig General Joseph Wheeler, C. S. Army, commanding cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Murfreesborough, November 27, 1862.

General WHEELER, Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to thank you for your successful engagement with the enemy to-day. He also desires you will express to the First Alabama Regiment (one of his old corps) his appreciation of their gallant conduct, not unexpected, which you refer to in your report.* He further directs me to state that you expose yourself too recklessly in affairs of this character.

I am, general, your obedient servant,GEORG WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 26-30, 1862.-Operations about Springfield, Tenn.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Daniel F. Griffin, Thirty-eighth Indiana Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-EIGHTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, Edgefield Junction, Tenn., December 2, 1862.

SIR: In pursuance of your orders, of date november 25, I proceeded with my command and 22 wagons, leaving camp at 7.30 o'clock on

* Not found.

