
the morning of the 26th ultimo, arriving at Springfield, Robertson County, Tennessee, at 3.30 p. m. of the same date. Immediately on arrival, pickets were thrown on all avenues of approach to the town,and Company E, Captain William L. Carter commanding, placed on duty as provost guards. Immediate search was made for subsistence stores, as contemplated by your orders, and flour, to the number of 1,143 barrels, found stored. Of this i immediately had loaded 249 barrels on the wagons then at hand, and parked them for the night close to my command, sending at the same time a courier forward for further supply of wagons.

Examinations made on the 27th resulted in the finding of one lot of 106 barrels of flour, another of 40 barrels, and three lots of bacon-say something more than 3 tons-for correct statement of which I would refer to reports of Lieutenant Hollister, acting brigade commissary.

On the evening of November 27, Lieutenant-Colonel Kell commanding Second Ohio Volunteers, arrived with his regiment and wagon-train, and assumed command of the post. From that date two companies of my command were doing provost guard duty, two on picket duty, and the others escorting trains, or such other duties as were required by the demands of the expedition.

On Saturday, November 29, I proceeded, with four companies of my command, under Lieutenant-Colonel Kell, Second Ohio Volunteers, to the Logan Mills,situated on Red River, Kentucky, 13 miles north of Springfield, on the old Russellville road, returning from there after dark, and, when about one-half mile from Springfield, the rear, or rather the straggling portion of the command (the march having been a very severe one), was fired upon by bushwhackers, wounding in the leg severely Joseph Candiere, Company B, of my regiment. Three shots were fired, and the wound inflicted with buckshot, evidently fired from a shot-gun. These facts coming to my knowledge, I immediately sent out a detachment of two companies, under Major John B. Glover, with orders to arrest all men found in the immediate vicinity of the firing, and to bring them and all arms found in their possession to camp. This duty was promptly performed, and 10 of the citizens living in the immediate neighborhood brought to camp and turned over to the provost-marshal, together with 3 shot-guns and 5 rifles. The citizens were held in custody until the next evening, when a court of inquiry, consisting of Major J. B. Glover, Captain William L. Carter, Lieutenant James V. Kelso, and myself, after a thorough investigation, being satisfied of their innocence, discharged them, retaining, however, their guns, which were brought to this camp, and now await your order as to what disposition shall be made of them.

Monday, December 1, a. m. my command was relieved by the Thirty-third Ohio Volunteers, and as soon as the companies then on picket could be called in, started for this camp, arriving here at 6 p. m., bringing with us 3 prisoners, who were turned over to us by the citizens of Springfield, together with 1 horse and 3 guns, which I have brought with me to this camp. Prisoners are members of Morgan's and Woodward's guerrilla bands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. F. GRIFFIN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Thirty-eighth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

GEORGE H. VANDEGRIFT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Brigade.

