
together with the reports of the medical directors of the right, left, and center:

On the morning of December 26 last, pursuant to orders from the commanding general, the army moved forward from camp, near Nashville, toward Murfreesborough, the right on the Nolensville and the center on the Franklin pikes, while the left advanced direct on the Murfreesborough road.

Soon after Major-General McCook, in command of the right wing, left his camp on Mill Creek, he encountered the cavalry of the enemy and skirmished with them till he reached Nolensville. About a mile in advance of this place the enemy made a determined stand, with a battery in position, but was soon routed, with a loss of one of his guns and several prisoners. We had 3 men killed and 7 wounded in Davis' division. They heavy rain of the morning had subsided, and now the country was enveloped in a fog or mist.

The same day Major-General Thomas, in command of the center, moved across the country from the Franklin to the Nolensville pike; sent aid to General Davis, who, he learned, was engaged, and on the following day marched to Stewartsville, on the Murfreesborough pike. He remained here till the morning of the 29th, when he advanced to the support of the left with, which had preceded him, and was now near Murfreesborough.

On the 30th, General Negley's division, of this portion of the army, joined with Sheridan, who occupied the left of General McCook's command, which had moved up from Nolensville on the Wilkinson pike and now occupied a position nearly parallel with the enemy, the left resting on the Wilkinson pike and right extending southwesterly in a line in a direction with the river. In this movements of the right from near Nolensville, General Stanley, in command of a division of cavalry in advance, encountered the enemy in considerable force, and drove him beyond Triune. The cavalry lost 1 killed and 5 wounded, and Major Ward mortally wounded. Of the Anderson Cavalry, 6 privates were also wounded. These were taken with the command in ambulances, and placed in hospital at the cross-roads.

Major-General Crittenden, in command of the left wing, while advancing along the Murfreesborough pike, met the enemy on the 27th at La Vergne and put him to flight. In this engagement we lost 2 killed and 32 wounded. These letter were left in hospital at La Vergne, in charge of medical officers, and were subsequently removed to Nashville.

On the 29th, this grand division of the army moved into position on the extreme left, with General Palmer on the right, resting on the Murfreesborough pike and joining Negley, of the center, and General Wood occupying the ground from Palmer to the river, General Van Cleve in reserve of this, and General Rousseau in rear of the center.

General Rosecrans, with his entire staff, advanced from Nashville on the Murfreesborough pike, and, having reached the head of the column, turned off to the right over a heavy mud road, visited General McCook's command, and returned to his camp, in the rear of La Vergne, about 4 o'clock the following morning. Here he remained, contemplating the movements of the enemy, till the following day, when he moved on to Stewartsville. The next day (the 29th), late in the evening, he visited General Crittenden's headquarters, and remained in consultation all night with the chief officers of his command.

On the following morning, one of our batteries, in position a little to the left and in advance of the general, opened fire upon a battery of

