
the enemy still more to the left and on elevated ground, which replying, killed one of the escort, Private Dolan, of the Fourth U. S. Cavalry, and wounded the adjutant of the Fifty-seventh Indiana Volunteers in the shoulder. At the same time a private of an infantry regiment not engaged was killed. The general and his staff now fell back 300 or 400 yards to the sloping ground on the left of the road, where he remained all day.

About 11 o'clock the heavy picket firing on our left ceased, and opened generally along our right, where General McCook was being engaged. The enemy was strongly intrenched behind earthworks, extending from the river on our extreme left across our front in almost a direct line; then, far along our right, bur receding from the Wilkinson to the Franklin pike, through heavy timber.

The left wing lost to-day 3 killed and 18 wounded; the center 14 killed and 53 wounded, and the right wing 24 killed and 105 wounded.

Field hospitals were established for the left and center in houses and tents along the Nashville pike, and for the right wing in the same manner on the Wilkinson pike and neighborhood.

Before leaving Nashville I had approved of full and complete requisitions, at the suggestion of Surgeon Murray, U. S. Army, my predecessor, for the three grand divisions of the Army. I had also, in reserve tents, bedding, &amp;c., for a field hospital for more than 2,500 men, which I ordered up from the rear on the 29th, as soon as I learned the enemy had made a stand near Murfreesborough. At the same time I ordered forward 20 ambulances - all that we had on hand at Nashville. Surgeons were detailed to perform operations, when decided on after consultation, for dressing, and such other duties as the reception and disposition of the wounded and circumstances required.

Early on the morning of the 31st, the enemy, during the night having massed a heavy force on our right, fiercely attacked Johnson's and Davis' divisions, which he forces back; and Sheridan's, being heavily pressed, was obliged to recede. The hospitals, wounded, and nearly all the medical supplies of this wing of the army thus fell into the hands of the enemy. We were also called on to lament in sadness the loss of General Sill, and many noble and brave officers and men.

About 9 o'clock the commanding general, with his staff, dashed boldly forward to the front of the left wing, and in person directed the movements of troops and placed batteries in position. His daring presence so near the enemy's line brought down upon him an angry and spiteful fire of musketry, round shot, and shell, almost at point-blank range. But utterly disregarding this metallic storm, our brave commander moved calmly on from left to right, cheering and inspiring our faltering troops; and throughout the day, wherever the tide of battle most fiercely raged, General Rosecrans bore his charmed life and ubiquitous presence. The noble Garesche was killed by his side, and his aides, Lieutenant Kirby severely, and Lieutenant Porter slightly, wounded. Sergeant Richmond and 4 privates of his escort were also killed or wounded, the former mortally.

Much the heaviest loss sustained to-day fell upon our regular battalions, brigaded under command of Lieut. Col. O. L. Shepherd, in holding the cedar brake, on the right of the center, against the columns of the enemy sweeping down upon them, after having forced back our entire right wing. This loss amounted to 561 killed and wounded, more than one-third of their numbers; in fact, I might probably better say nearly one-half.

