
Robertson County across the Cumberland south bore evidence of being much used, and, from information received from citizens, large supplies of provisions and other supplies have been sent south through these routes. I found abundance of almost all kinds of supplies through the southern portion of Robertson and northwest part of Cheatham Counties, while the mass of the citizens are avowedly disloyal. Great care was taken by myself, in which I was aided effectually by the commanding officers under my command, to prevent any pillaging. A few mules and horses were taken by unauthorized parties. All such were promptly sent back to their owners, and the parties taking them punished.

I have to report the loss of Captain Charles A. Clark, Company A, Twenty-fifth Illinois. He was division officer of the day, and while in discharge of his duty was shot by a private of Company E, Twenty-fifth Illinois, said private having been placed under guard for disorderly conduct. The shooting occurred while on the march and in the rear of the command, and was not brought to my notice for several hours afterward, or I should have had the criminal shot on the spot. I reported him, which two others implicated, under a strong guard. They are now in prison in Nashville. Captain Clark was my most efficient line officer, and his death has created a vacuum that cannot be filled. The shot entered the brain, and death was instantaneous. He fell as he had ever lived during his term of service, promptly discharging his duties as an officer.

I took provisions for three days of all except meat, and for the supplies needed and used by the command I gave receipts.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. McCLELLAND,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-fifth Illinois Volunteers.

Brigadier-General WOODRUFF,

Commanding Thirty-second Brigade, Ninth Division.

NOVEMBER 27, 1862.-Skirmish at Mill Creek, Tenn.

Report of General Philip H. Sheridan, U. S. Army.

HDQRS. ELEVENTH DIV., FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Camp on Mill Creek, November 27, 1862.

MAJOR: This morning I directed a reconnaissance in force in the direction of Nolensville, under the direction of Colonel Schaefer, supported by two regiments and a section of artillery, under Colonel Greusel. I inclose herewith their instructions. Colonel Schaefer found the enemy's pickets 2 miles in my front; drove them in until they were supported, a short distance beyond Mill Creek, by a section of artillery, and about 2,000 cavalry. These he drove without difficulty to Nolensville, and then turned to the Edmondson pike, leaving Colonel Greusel to cover his rear.

These commands have returned to camp. Colonel Schaefer reports having killed several of the enemy; the body of only one was recovered. There were no indications of infantry, nor any determined resistance of cavalry. The colonel captured some rebel flour at Mill Creek. I know of no engagement at La Vergne. I learn by a note from General Sill that he sent a party there, and Colonel Schaefer reports about twelve artillery shots in that direction.

