
over hospitals in ordinary dwellings of woods or brick, notwithstanding a liberal provision of windows and doors.

I am gratified to say my conservative views were generally adopted, and that amputations were seldom performed without consultation. Many exsection were made, which are doing well, and some cases were treated as compound fractures with marked success.

Surgeon Muscroft, medical director of General Rousseau's division, established a hospital in the rear, and accommodated comfortably a large number of wounded. Many of the serious cases are in an advanced state of recovery. His zeal, skill, and industry are commendable; also Surgeons James, medical director of the cavalry division, and Comfort, of the Anderson Troop, did faithful service. Assistant Surgeon Failer has been assiduous in his attentions to sick and wounded.

Lieutenant-Colonel Northcott, unable longer to bear the fatigue and exposure incident to duty in the lines,on account of ill-health, aided me greatly in organizing parties of stragglers, with whom he policed camps, and procured wood, water, and straw.

Captain Munger, with his company, was detailed to guard property and enforce discipline in and about the field hospitals, and Captain Stackpole, to provide and issue subsistence stores as required. These gentleman did their duties well, and gave universal satisfaction. The duties of these officers, like those of the medical department, though not of the brilliant nature of their more fortunate comrades in front, were essential to the comfort of the brave wounded, and deserve well of their commanding general and country.

I must crave you indulgence for again mentioning the ambulance corps and Lieutenant ---.

The service preformed was highly creditable. The drivers and assistant - among the former of whom I desire to mention F. M.

Figgett, private, Company M, Twenty-first Kentucky Volunteers-were kind, prompt, and zealous in the discharge of their duty. This service was often necessarily continued into the night and near the enemy's lines; yet these brave men, unarmed, untiring, and unflinching, in the face of danger, gathered their bleeding comrades from under the guns of the enemy and bore them to the rear.

My orderly, Private Barrett, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, deserves creditable mention for his unceasing devotion to duty, and the prompt manner in which he conveyed my directions on the field. My clerk, William Domer, private in the Anderson Troop, who, I am gratified to know, has been highly recommended for a commission, also served faithfully and assiduously at the hospitals in the rear.

The commissary and quartermaster's departments are entitled to our thanks for timely and efficient aid in furnishing supplies and transportation, and in the preparation of hospitals for the reception of sick and wounded here and at Nashville. My thanks are also due to my assistants, Dr. Weeds and Surgeon Phelps, whom I have previously mentioned, for their prompt and efficient co-operation, and for valuable suggestions conducive to the comfort and best treatment of the wounded; to Surgeon Thurston, assistant medical director at Nashville, also, for his zeal, energy, and rare professional abilities displayed in providing for the wounded sent him from the battle-field. Surgeons McDermot and Beebe were untiring in their labors, and afforded me valuable aid. Their observations on treatment of wounded,&amp;c., as shown in their reports, herewith appended, should receive attention

