
The crossing of Mill Creek, on the Nolesville road, is not bad; the bridges have been burned; 3 prisoners were captured. The cavalry was Texas Rangers, commanded by Wharton.

I have the honor to be, major, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. ELEVENTH DIV. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Camp on Mill Creek, November 26, 1862.

Colonel NICHOLAS GREUSEL,Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you take the Thirty-sixth and Eighty-eighth Illinois Infantry, and follow in the rear of the command of Colonel Schaefer, on the Nolensville pike, to -morrow morning at 4 o'clock. On arriving at Concord Church, or at the crossing of Mill Creek, you will take up a position to assist and cover the movements of Colonel Schaefer. One section of Barnett's battery without caissons will be directed to accompany you. You will take your position on Mill Creek, if possible, watching the La Vergne road; also the Nolesville road and the valley on the opposite side of the creek till 12 o'clock m., and threaten the enemy who are encamped at or near Nolensville, so as to prevent them from attacking with their full force the command of Colonel Schaefer. You must maintain your position, if possible, at that point until the hour indicated, when you will slowly return toward camp. The general does not consider it prudent to cross Mill Creek, unless it would be as a feint to relieve Colonel Schaefer from any attack which might be made in force against him; then it would be to cross over a portion of your infantry only, as the crossing is very bad. In case Colonel Schaefer should meet with a large force of the enemy, he is directed to fall back; in which case you will fall back also. The general commanding trusts to your good judgment in the execution of the foregoing instructions.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

GEORGE LEE,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 28, 1862.-Skirmishes on the Carthage road, near Hartsville and Rome, Tenn.

Reports of Colonel John M. Harlan, Tenth Kentucky Infantry, commanding brigade, with congratulatory orders.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, Camp at Castalian Springs, Tenn., November 29, 1862-4.30 a. m.

GENERAL: Major [Samuel] Hill has returned to Hartsville, and reports that he followed the rebel cavalry beyond Rome, and recaptured 7 of the wagons. The wagons were recaptured on the south side of the river, near Rome. He also reports that he took several prisoners; had some 3 or 4 men killed; drove them some 18 miles, and killed 15 or 20 of them. Major Hill reports also that there are no rebels on this side of the river. The party which attacked and captured the train yesterday

