
their forces across the river, and they began to evacuate this place. The officers of the corps rendered all the assistance they could; the movements of the enemy were watched closely, though but little could be seen of them. Some of them were efficient as

aides-de-camp to the generals to whom they were assigned.

I will claim your indulgence for this report, as it has been written under very unfavorable circumstances, and in great haste.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JESSE MERRILL,

Captain in Charge of Signal Corps, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Major ALBERT J. MYER,

Chief Signal Officer, U. S. Army.

No. 9. Report of Col. James Barnett, First Ohio Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the general commanding, a summary from the reports of the batteries of this department, of their position,&amp;c., at the late battle of Stone's River.

Right wing, Second Division, composed of the following batteries: Battery A, First Ohio Artillery, Lieutenant Belding commanding, attached to General Willich's brigade; Battery E, First Ohio Artillery, Captain Edgarton, attached to Colonel Kirk's brigade; Fifth Indiana, Captain Simonson, attached to Colonel Buckley's brigade, having the following guns: Nine James rifles, three

6-pounder smooth-bore, two 12-pounder howitzers, two 10-pounder Parrotts, and two 12-pounder light field guns.

On the evening of December 30, Battery A was placed in position in the rear of the brigade, on the extreme right of the right wing, with one section, the other two section fronting the rear, horses unhitched, but not unharnessed.

At daybreak the horses were sent to water, with the precaution to return at the least alarm; firing commenced; teams returned quickly and hitched. The brigade falling back very fast, the battery retired to a slight eminence in the rear, but the enemy having got so far to the right that the guns were under a cross-fire. Near this point three guns were taken by the enemy. Two other pieces were taken rapidly to the rear, one gun, having horses remaining, was served with effect as opportunity was offered, firing about for rounds at each unlimbering. Upon reaching the Murfreesborough pike, this gun was put in position with Captain Simonson's battery, where about ten rounds fired. Upon being ordered to return, one

wheel-driver and two being killed while limbering up, the piece was temporarily abandoned, but was brought off by the Louisville Legion with prolonge attached. This battery the next day was held in position, with two guns, near the Murfreesborough pike, in reserve, where it remained until ordered forward across the river.

Company E, First Ohio Artillery, Captain Edgarton, was posted, on

