
the night of December 30, on the extreme right and in front of Battery A, in position to guard, a country road, horses harnessed all night.

At daylight of the 31st, horses were sent to water; at the firing of the pickets, horses were hitched in, or at least one-half, and other immediately returned. Two shells were thrown in the direction of the enemy, still invisible,and, as they appeared, six rounds of canister were thrown with great effect. The vigorous attack of the enemy in front and flank, and the loss of many horses, rendered it necessary to abandon the battery, after, however, a determined resistance, 2 cannoneers being bayoneted at the guns. Captain Edgarton and Lieutenant Berwick were captured.

The Fifth Indiana Battery, Captain Simonson, was first put in position on the morning of the 31st about one-half mile to the right of the Six-Mile pike, upon which the right wing advanced upon an open field, with the battery fronting to the west. Here the right section was temporarily detailed, by order of Colonel Baldwin, and ordered to the left and front about 400 yards. From this position the battery fell back with the division, and was ordered, by Brigadier-General Johnson, to take another position on the crest, about 200 yards to the right of the Murfreesborough pike and near to the right of Major-General Rouseau's division, which position it retained until ordered to retire.

The next ground taken was in the open space to the left, and about 25 yards from the railroad, where it remained until the about sunset, when General Johnson ordered the battery to the left of his division, about 185 yards to the right of the Murfressborough pike, opposite the headquarters of Major-General Rousseau, where it remained until ordered to cross Stone's River, January 5. The battery lost two guns.

The artillery of the First Division is composed of the following batteries, and had the following guns: Fifth Wisconsin, Captain Pinney, attached to Colonel Post's brigade; Second Minnesota, Captain Hotchkiss, attached to Colonel Carlin's brigade; Eighth Wisconsin, Captain Carpenter, attached to Colonel Woodruff's brigade. Four 10-pounder Parrotts, eight 6-pounder smooth-bore, four 12-pounder howitzers. Captain Pinney's battery, which, with his brigade, was on the extreme right of the army, on the 30th, after driving the enemy, to enable the skirmishers to advance to the open fields in front, took position, with horses in harness, for the night. After dark, two brigades of the Second Division took position on the right.

On the morning of the 31st, upon the falling back of these two brigades, the battery changed front of the right, to meet the enemy rapidly approaching by the right and rear, supported by the

Fifty-ninth Illinois and posted in a corn-field, where they opened fire with canister, checking temporarily the advance of the enemy. However, being unopposed on the right, the position became untenable, and the battery was withdrawn, leaving Captain Pinney dangerously wounded, with the loss of some 18 horses and one gun. The balance of the battery was dragged to the rear by the assistance of the Fifty-ninth Illinois. Near the Nashville pike it was charged upon by cavalry, who were driven off by the Fourth Cavalry Regiment, and took position behind Overall's Creek, on a hill to the right of the pike, where they remained all night.

The next morning their position was on the left of the pike, where breastworks were thrown up in a position to enfilade the enemy's lines. At this point a rebel battery, opening, was soon silenced by a few Parrott shots.

In the afternoon of the next day the battery, with its brigade, was

