
ordered to cross the Stone's River, where it was put into position, throwing up breastworks, and where it remained until 2 o'clock on the morning of January 4, when it recrossed the river, taking its former position on the right, where it remained until January 6, 1863.

The Second Minnesota Battery, Captain Hotchkiss, moved on the 30th with its brigade to the right of the Wilkinson pike until the withdrawal of skirmishers, when the battery opened with canister and spherical case with effect. When the first line of the brigade had arrived at the point about 180 yards from the house of Mrs. William Smith, two batteries, one about 100 yards west of the house and another on the east of the house, 250 yards distant, opened fire on the Twenty-first Illinois and Fifteenth Wisconsin Volunteers. These batteries were soon silenced, but another to the right, about 500 yards, enfilading the brigade, was driven off by a well directed fire from this battery.

Before daylight on the morning of the 31st, the battery was retired 200 yards, soon after which the brigade was vigorously attacked and obliged to fall back across the open fields, and entered a wood about 200 yards east of Griscom's house, when several rounds were fired with destructive effect.

The command was again retired about 1 mile, and went into position in the edge of a cedar grove from, whence it again retired to the railroad. The next position was near the Nashville pike, 4 miles from Murfreesborough.

On January 2, under order of Major-General Rosecrans, the brigade and battery were sent to the left, crossing Stone's River at the ford, relieving Colonel Hazen, where they remained until January 4.

The Eighth Wisconsin Battery, Captain Carpenter, at about 11 o'clock December 30, was posted on the edge of a cotton-field, in front of a wood running parallel with the pike, facing southeast, placed in the interval between General Sill's right and the left of its (Colonel Woodruff's) brigade.

At about 3 o'clock the command was moved forward, with heavy skirmishing. The right of the brigade, being well advanced, was halted, and remained until support should come up. The battery was placed at the angle of the fence, to protect the right and front, when it received a heavy fire, occasionally replying with shell, until forward night, when the enemy opened a heavy artillery fire on the right of Carlin's brigade, which was silenced in handsome style in five minutes. Colonel Carlin's brigade being attacked at about the same time, this battery again opened with such effect as to effectually check the attack.

The enemy on the morning of the 31st made their attack in five lines, the battery opening a full fire of canister with terrific effect. After a determined resistance, being ordered back, several ineffectual attempts were made to get into position, but owing to the general stampede, no stand could be made until they reached the Murfreesborough pike, where they remained until Friday; being then ordered to the left, cross the ford, and went into position on the extreme left, about 2 miles from the ford.

On Saturday, January 3, the battery changed position again to the right, where it remained until ordered to Murfreesborough.

The batteries of the Third Division are as follows: Battery G, First Missouri, Captain Hescock, attached to Colonel Schaefer's (Second) brigade; Battery C, First Illinois, Captain Hougtaling, attached to Colonel Roberts' (Third) brigade; Fourth Indiana Battery, Captain Bush, attached to General Sill's (First) brigade, with the following guns: Two

