
10-pounder Parrotts, four 12-pounder light field guns, two James rifles, six 6-pounder smooth-bore, and four 12-pounder howitzers.

Battery G, First Missouri, Captain Hescock, moved on the morning of the 30th, at 7 a.m., with its brigade, on the right and rear of the division, to the right of the Wilkinson pike, having Bush's battery on the left. Toward evening, Bush moving to the front, Captain Hescock took his place. The three batteries of the division concentrated their fire upon the enemy's batteries, silencing their fire.

In the marching this battery and Captain Houghtaling's opened a heavy fire upon the enemy, who were engaging Generals Sill's and Davis' command, until the enemy, who were pursuing General Johnson's command, gained their rear, when they moved to the front, to the position first held by the enemy, and then took position on the north side of the road, sending one section to re-enforce Captain Bush, engaging the enemy hotly until their ammunition was expended, when they retired through the cedars with the division. After gaining the open field, their guns were brought into action and fired until all the ammunition was expended.

About 3 o'clock, January 1, they took a position south of the Murfreesborough pike, and were not further engaged.

Battery C, First Illinois, Captain Houghtaling, on the 30th moved on the left of Captain Bush, and next to the Wilkinson pike, south side; opened fire, in concert with other batteries of the division, at the enemy in front.

On the 31st, at the falling back of General Johnson, this battery took position on the right of the pike, just in the edge of the timer, supported by Colonel Roberts' brigade, where he remained until all of his horses were killed and ammunition expended, when he was forced to abandon his guns, falling back and assisting at the guns of the other batteries of the division.

The Fourth Indiana Battery, Captain Bush, on the afternoon of the 30th, being on the right of Captain Houghtaling, moved his battery to the front and opened fire on the enemy at short range, with the other batteries, driving back the enemy. During the night the captain moved to a more commanding position.

On the 31st, the battle opened with this division by an attempt to capture this battery, which was gallantly defended by General Still, when this brave officer fell between the guns. The battery fell back with the other batteries of the division, and took position on the north of the pike, sending one section, with Lieutenant Flansburg, to re-enforce Captain Houghtaling; one Parrott section, with Lieutenant Talaferro, was, at this time, sent to Captain Houghtaling, assisted by Captain Hescock, when, after a very warm resistance, and ammunition failing, the battery was compelled to retire, with the loss of two of its guns left in the cedars. The next position taken was on the south of the Murfreesborough pike, with the division.

Center.-The artillery of the First Division consists of the following batteries: Captain Stone, First Kentucky Battery; Lieutenant Van Pelt, First Michigan Battery; Company H, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant Guenther, with the following guns: Ten 10-pounder Parrotts, two James rifles, two 6-pounder smooth-bore, and four 12-pounder light field guns.

Captain Stone's First Kentucky Battery was not ordered into position until January 1, when it was posted on the right of the Murfreesborough pike, directly in front of the log-house, one section being stationed

