
in the woods, about 100 yards distant. The battery afterward moved to the front edge of the woods, in rear of the center of the brigade to which it was attached. At night it relieved Lieutenant Parsons' battery, which was stationed outside and in front of the woods, commanding the corn-fields and woods to the right and front, in which position it remained until January 3. At 4 p.m. relieved Captain Cox's half battery, which was about 50 yards to the left, posting a half battery in its place at night; shelled the fields and woods from both points; was not further engaged.

The First Michigan Battery, Lieutenant Van Pelt, took position on the morning of the 31st on the left of the pike, 3 miles from Murfreesborough, where they remained during the day, serving their guns with effect; were relieved on the 1st of January, and took position about half a mile in rear of front line of battle.

On January 2 moved a few hundred yards to the front, and took position on the right of the pike, remaining at this point through the day. On Saturday morning the battery moved to the front, behind earthworks, immediately beyond the pike, fronting the position occupied on Wednesday, remaining there all day and night, shelling the woods at sundown.

On the morning of the 31st, Company H, Fifth Artillery, Lieutenant Guenther, moved through the cedars, to the left of the pike with its brigade, but was returned, owing to the impracticable of operating in the woods, and took position in the open ground in time to check a rebel advance. From the cedars in then moved to a position on the rise of ground on the opposite side of the pike. On the appearance of the enemy at close range, a heavy fire with canister shot was opened on them with such effect that they were driven back to the woods in disorder. The battery held this position until the morning of January 1, when it was moved some distance to the rear, and, after several changes of front, was ordered with the brigade to a point on the Murfreesborough pike, beyond Stewart's Creek. This order being countermanded, the battery encamped near its old point.

On the morning of January 3 fire was opened on a battery of the enemy with was annoying our troops, resulting in driving it from its position. During the forenoon the brigade and battery moved forward and occupied rifle-pits and epaulements which had been constructed for them. At dusk the battery opened fire with shell and spherical case shot on the enemy, concealed in the woods and buildings and behind breastworks,&amp;c., which, being followed by infantry, drove them from their position. The battery remained in position during the following day, and on the morning of the 5th removed to Murfreesborough.

The batteries of the Second Division, Brigadier-General Negley, are as follows: Company M, First Ohio, Captain Schultz; Company G, First Ohio Artillery, Lieutenant Marshall; Company M, First Kentucky [Second Kentucky Battery], Lieutenant Ellsworth, with the following guns: Two 12-pounder Wiard steel guns, two 6-pounder Wiard, four 12-pounder howitzers, two James rifles, one 6-pounder smoothbore, and two 16-pounder Parrotts. The three batteries of this division were posted with the division on a slope of the west bank of Stone's with General Sheridan on their right; Captain Schultz on the right of Battery G, First Ohio, and Battery M, First Kentucky [Second Kentucky Battery], on the left. The batteries opened fire on the enemy and drove them, holding the position during the day and night.

