
morning number 200. I inclose of adjutant of the cavalry detachment, from which you will see the casualties of the cavalry. I have written to Major Hill for all the facts connected with the pursuit, which I will receive at Gallatin, and will then, if make a formal report. It was rather a bold act in the cavalry to go as far as they did, and the result creditable to it. Supposing that the report of Major Hill to Colonel Hays, herein embodied, contains all the facts which you expected Colonel Hays to ascertain, I have ordered him to move down this morning. The order will not reach him, so that he can get here before 1 o'clock. If you have no objection, I will wait here until to-morrow morning, as the march from Hartsville to our camp, beyond Gallatin, will be 18 1/2 miles, which is quite a severe one, unless necessary to be made. As to this, please answer immediately, telling the courier to bring it in haste.

Respectfully,

JOHN M. HARLAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CAMP AT CASTALIAN SPRINGS, December 4, 1862.

CAPTAIN: On the night of the 28th November, I transmitted to the division commander, in a brief note, all the facts of which I was then in possession in reference to the capture, on that day, near Hartsville, by Morgan's rebel cavalry, of a part of the train of the Second Indiana Cavalry, together with an officer and some of the soldiers of that regiment. I also advised the division commander of the recapture, on the same day, by Major Hill, commanding the Second Indiana Cavalry, of the larger portion of his train. Being uninformed at that time of all the circumstances connected with the capture and recapture of the train, I requested Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Hays, of the Tenth Kentucky Infantry, he being in command of the detachment from this brigade then on duty at hartsville, composed of the Tenth Indiana Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Caroll, Tenth Kentucky Volunteers, and Southwick's battery, as well as of the Second Indiana Cavalry, then temporarily attached to my command, to obtain from Major Hill a detailed report of all the facts. Major Hill made that report to me promptly, and forwarded it to my headquarters at this place, but by some accident it was not handed to me until this morning.

Although several days have elapsed, I deem it due to Major Hill and his command that I shall make known in an official form and to the proper authorities all the facts connected with the affair of November 28, as detailed by him. I do this the more readily as I learn that some one-I do not know whom-has made a report, which has reached department headquarters, in reference to this matter. But as I am unadvised as to whether that report does full justice to Major Hill and his command, I owe it to them to submit the following, based upon Major Hill's report to me.

On the morning of the 28th, a forage train, consisting of 10 wagons, was sent from the Second Indiana Cavalry, under an armed escort of 40 men, in charge of Lieutenant Brush, Company H, an escort which would seem sufficient, and which, if properly handled, would have proven itself sufficient. When the train reached a point about 2 miles east of Hartsville, on the Carthage road, it was attacked both in front and rear by rebel cavalry. The train was surrendered without any

