
On the 2d,having suffered severely from the enemy's artillery in the morning, he retired to repair damages, and, when the attack was made on the left, massed the other batteries on the hill at the ford.

The Tenth Indiana Battery, Captain Cox, was placed in position in front and on the left of the railroad, which he maintained on the 31st and afterward. The Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Battery [Battery B, Pennsylvania Light Artillery], Lieutenant Stevens, was posted on the left and facing the pike, 3 miles from Murfreesborough, when the enemy appeared. As they fell back he moved forward, crossing the pike, taking position on the ridge, changing several times.

On the 2nd he changed front to fire to the left, and opened fire when the attack was made in that direction.

The Third Wisconsin Battery, Lieutenant Livingston, was commanding the ford on the 31st. They afterward moved across the river at the ford. When the attack was made on the 2nd, they recrossed and took position on the hill in line with the other batteries of the corps.

The Board of Trade Battery, Captain Stokes, attached to the Pioneer Brigade, consisting of four 6-pounders, smooth-bore, and two James rifles, moved, on the 31st, promptly to the front and right of the pike, serving canister with effect. They afterward moved still farther to the front, holding a good position, commanding a

corn-field and the wood beyond. After having held the position thirty-six hours, the battery was ordered to the rear.

On the 2nd, this battery was again put in position with the batteries to resist the attack from the left, and opened, with the artillery force massed at the point, a destructive fire, causing the enemy to retire. The losses in material and personal I had the honor to report immediately after the battle.

The many gallant actions of battery officers and men are named by their immediate commanders in their reports, to which I respectfully refer for the details of their action. The practice of the batteries was good, and the precaution of the general commanding to fire low and be sparing of ammunition was heeded. Owing to the nature of the country, the loss of the guns was unavoidable, as in falling back on the right the horses could not be under cover, and the thick cedar thickets prevented the guns being brought off by hand.

Six guns, 3 caissons, 3 damaged forges, and 2 battery wagons were captured from the enemy, or recaptured; also 5,451 muskets, with bayonets, scabbards,&amp;c.

The whole number of men engaged in serving the batteries was 86 commissioned officers and 2,760 non-commissioned officers and privates.

I remain, colonel, your obedient servant,

JAMES BARNETT,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery.

Lieut. Col. C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

16 R R-VOL XX, PT I

