
back to my assigned position in reserve, and remained till late in the afternoon, when the commanding general in person ordered me to the left as re-enforcement. I then marched my command at a

double-quick and arrived on the line, occupying a gap in it under the fire of a rebel battery, which was, however, soon silenced by Stokes' battery, which was worked with exceeding vigor and skill.

General Negley now approached me and requested me to re-enforce his troops, who, after a violent contest, had gained ground on the opposite side of the river. I accordingly moved my command there at a double-quick, and formed the Third Battalion in second line behind General Davis' command, the First Battalion extending beyond it and throwing out its own advance, occupying the space between it and the river. The battery was posted on a knoll between the First and Third Battalions, the Second Battalion being in second line on the extreme right. In this position we remained till after nightfall,when I received orders to recross the river and again assume a position in reserve, and to furnish the Second Battalion to construct rifle-pits in the front and near the pike, and also on the extreme right. Said battalion worked all night in the rain.

On the 3rd, the Third Battalion relieved the First,on duty in the trenches, and on the 4th Second and Third Battalions began two lunettes on the north bank of the river, and the First Battalion began a trestle bridge across it. On the 5th, the said work was continued, and the Third Battalion, with the advance of the army, in pursuit of the enemy.

The loss of the brigade is as follows: First Battalion: Killed,4; wounded, 3 commissioned officers and 5 enlisted men. Second Battalion: Killed,4; wounded, 5 enlisted men. Third Battalion: Killed,4; wounded, 10 enlisted men. Stokes' battery: Killed,3; wounded,1 commissioned officer and 9 enlisted men. Total, killed and wounded,48.

The force of the brigade actually engaged was 1,600 men, there being ten companies or 1,000 Pioneers employed on the fortifications between Gallatin and Nashville, and 200 detached guarding the implement train. Of the force above mentioned, 95 belong to Stokes' battery.

During the engagement, the Pioneers behaved as well as could be wished, and, when required, worked zealously by night and day, although insufficiently provided with rations, in spite of inclement weather, and under fire. The artillerymen displayed the highest discipline, and worked their guns with extreme rapidity and accuracy. As the commanding general was everywhere present of the field with his staff, he cannot but have remarked the good service done by Captain Stokes, who manifested the greatest zeal, and managed his battery wit the utmost precision and success.

I beg leave to mention to the favorable notice of the commanding general my adjutant, Lieutenant Lamberson, of the Nineteenth Illinois Volunteers; my inspectors, Lieutenants Clark, of the Sixteenth U. S. Infantry, and Murphy, of the Twenty-first Wisconsin Volunteers, and my aides, Lieutenant Reeve, of the Thirty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, and Assistant Engineer Pearsall, all of whom exhibited the utmost ardor and alacrity in the performance of their duty.

I beg leave also to mention Captain Hood, of the Eleventh Michigan Volunteers,commanding Second Battalion; Captain Clements, of the Sixty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, commanding Third Battalion, and Captain Bridges, of the Nineteenth Illinois Volunteers, commanding First Battalion, who, though wounded on the first day, retained the command of his battalion throughout.

