
I have the honor to inclose the sub-reports of the chiefs of battalions, of the commander of the battery, and of the surgeon of the brigade.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully,your obedient servant,

J. ST. MORTON,

Captain of Engineers, U. S. Army, Chief Engineer

Fourteenth Army Corps, Commanding Pioneer Brigade.

Major C. GODDARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 11. Report of Capt. Lyman Brigades, commanding First Battalion.

HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION PIONEER BRIGADE, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Stone's River, near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with your order, I herewith furnish a report of the part this battalion took in the recent battle at this place.

I have the honor to report that on the morning of December 30, 1862, having completed the bridge at Stewart's Creek at 4 a.m., I received orders to hold my command in readiness to march at a moment's notice. At 8 a.m., by your order, I moved seven companies, 600 strong, forward upon the Murfreesborough pike, throwing out an advance guard and flankers upon either side, three companies being upon special duty. At 10 a.m., in accordance with orders received from you, I moved to the front and halted, awaiting your order. At 2 p.m. I moved my command to the river, taking position upon the left of Captain Stokes' Chicago Board of Trade Battery, and built and abatis from the river toward General Rosecrans' headquarters, as directed by you. At 4 a.m., December 31, I improved a ford across Stone's River. At 7 a.m. our right wing having been overpowered, and the enemy's advance being within 80 rods of my camp, I fell in with my command and followed Stokes' battery, as previously ordered by you. The battery having been ordered into position on the ridge between the pike and railroad, I forwarded my command in line of battle upon the left of Stokes' battery, the enemy having possession of the parallel ridge upon the opposite side of the pike, about 20 rods distant.

At that crisis General Rosecrans rode along our line, and ordered me to charge and take the knob upon the opposite side of the pike, he sending the same order to Captain Stokes' battery. I moved one wing upon either side of the battery to the hill in good order. Soon after reaching the hill, General Rosecrans ordered me to occupy the skirt of woods upon my left. I moved my entire command upon the left of the battery, the Third Battalion of this brigade relieving my right wing, changing position to the left.

The enemy continued a heavy fire of grape, canister, and musketry upon us as we advanced and they fell back. After gaining our new position, General Rosecrans rode to our front, and rallied the Twenty-first Ohio, First Kentucky, and Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania, which had fallen back upon our right.

At 12 m. the enemy, General McCown's division, came down, upon the double-quick, with their standards flying, in splendid order. They were allowed to come within 300 yards, when the musketry of the entire

