
Stokes' battery in the charge upon the hill, above the bend of the river, recently held by our left wing.

Lieut. E. S. Dodd, acting lieutenant-colonel, was wounded in the leg with a 6-pounder ball while the battalion was taking its position. By your order, I moved forward in double-quick, forded the river, and charged up the hill; formed line of battle over the crest of the hill, my left wing occupying an oak ridge, as indicated by you. I remained in position an hour,until the several regiments that had done such gallant service rallied and formed in line of battle again.

By your order I changed position, my right resting upon the river, my left occupying a front of woods, and supported by Stokes' battery. Remained in position until 12 p.m., when I was ordered to move across the river.

January 3, by your order, this battalion commenced building a military bridge at the lower bend of Stone's River, which, I have the honor to inform you, is now completed and in use.

It is with pleasure that I mention with the highest regard and praise the officers and men of this battalion, who all did their duty so promptly and nobly during the past terrible week. To Lieut. George Turner, adjutant, I am under many obligations for repeated and timely assistance.

Annexed is a list of the killed and wounded of this battalion.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LYMAN BRIDGES,

Captain, Commanding.

Capt. JAMES ST. CLAIR MORTON,

Chief Engineer, Fourteenth Army Corps, Comdg. Pioneer Brig.

No. 12. Report of Capt. Calvin Hood, commanding Second Battalion.

HDQRS. RIGHT BATTALION, PIONEER BRIGADE, Camp in the Field, January 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken in the late battle by my battalion:

On the morning of December 31 we were ordered to improve a ford of Stone's River near camp. Soon after commencing work, we were fired upon by the enemy's cavalry, and retired, as we were ordered not to remain under fire.

At 9 a.m. we marched, and formed line of battle with the brigade between the railroad and pike, near the cedar woods. In front of us was hard fighting, when the enemy finally gave way, and our troops advanced to the field beyond the cedars. We moved forward in line with the brigade, my battalion on the right, and took position about midway of the woods, and about 100 rods from the field. The troops in front of us there gave way, and regiment after regiment came through our lines entirely broken up. We here received orders from Captain Morton to fix bayonets and allow no stragglers to pass our lines, and to hold fire and give the enemy the cold steel. The retreating troops passed on our right, except the Seventy-ninth Indiana, whose commander rallied them on my right and rear. The Eleventh and Fourteenth Texas came on at

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement p.214.

---------------

