
resistance whatever on the part of the escort, nearly the whole of whom fell into the hands of the enemy. The few who then escaped returned to camp and advised Major Hill of What had occurred.

Major Hill immediately ordered out his command, and proceeded with all dispatch to the point designated, where he found, as he states, infantry and cavalry drawn up in line of battle. Major Hill states that, although he knew of the vicinity of Colonel Scott's brigade, Dumont's division, which was en route to relieve the detachment from my brigade at Hertsville, he could not reconcile Colonel Scott's presence with the capture of his train, and, hence, he was delayed for an hour in ascertaining who he was. As soon as here ascertained that the force which he saw Colonel Scott's command, he resumed the pursuit of the rebel cavalry, and carried it on with vigor, taking several prisoners. He met with no resistance until he reached the Cumberland River, in the vicinity of Rome. At that point passage was disputed with considerable resoluteness. As soon however, as he reached the opposite bank, the enemy who composed the rear guard fled in dismay, and were not rallied until they came to the camp of the rebel Colonel Bennett, where, in conjunction with his command, they were disposed to make a stand. Major Hill halted his advance, and awaited the coming up of more of his men; but, perceiving that the enemy were becoming bolder, and the fire too warm to be comfortable, he ordered a charge, having at that time only 90 men, the remainder not being able to keep up in the rapid pursuit which he had given the rebels. On sounding the charge, Bennett's men became confused, and as his (Hill's) men opened fire upon them with pistols, broke ranks, totally disorganizing those who had come to their camp for protection. In crossing a bridge in rear of Bennett's camp, the enemy crowded together so as to blockade it. Hill's skirmishers, dismounting, opened fire with capital execution. Immediately on passing the bridge the force which was in camp dispersed, when Hill, pushing those who remained in the road, succeeded in recapturing 7 of his wagons and 8 of his men, who had been taken with the teams.

Major Hill followed on for 12 miles south of the ford at Rome, where, the enemy having been re-enforced, he discontinued the pursuit, bringing off the recaptured property. He also captured a wagon belonging to Colonel Bennett.

Major Hill reports the following casualties, viz: Three men of Company H, names unknown, killed while prisoners; 1 lieutenant and 36 men missing at the date of the report.

Major Hill reports that the capture of the train, in his opinion, is attributable to the gross carelessness of Lieutenant Brush, commanding the train guard.

The loss of the enemy was heavy when it is considered that they had a great advantage over major Hill, both in numbers and position, and were enable to increase the distance between him and them by reason of the delay already referred to. As the statements are so conflicting as to the number of rebels killed, Major Hill makes no report upon that point beyond what his own personal observation authorizes him to state. He saw 12 dead rebels in the road.

Major Hill concludes:

I have to return thanks to you for the very valuable service rendered me by a lieutenant of your command; I have unfortunately forgotten his name. Captain D. A. Briggs conducted the extreme advance with great credit to himself; but in mentioning him, I will add that all the 138 who followed beyond the Cumberland River deserve honorable mention for their alacrity in the pursuit.

I take great pleasure in stating that the name of the officer in my

