
My casualties are very few. The One hundred and first Ohio charged one battery, and captured one gun and caisson, with teams. The men in glorious spirits, and only want a chance. Negley is here with his division. General Thomas sent a courier here; states that he is somewhere on the Wilson pike. Hardee had a dance given him at Triune last night.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.

Colonel GARESCHE.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, December 27, 1862.

COLONEL: The fog is so thick in these hills that I cannot see 300 yards in my front. I have ordered a halt until the fog rises. The enemy have resisted our advance for 3 miles this morning, and have a battery posted on the hill in front to enfilade the road. One brigade of the enemy in Triune; the other troops scattered on the Shelbyville road.

A. McD. McCOOK,Major-General.

Colonel GARESCHE.

P. S.-The firing you hear is the enemy's battery. I will apprise you when I move forward. Can do nothing intelligently now.
HEADQUARTERS, Near Triune, December 27, 1862-3 p.m.

GENERAL: The enemy, under Hardee, escaped me this morning in the fog; at times I could not see more than 50 yards. I had reliable information that Hardee was here in person, and that his army lay in line of determine whether they have retreated toward Murfreesborough or Shelbyville. Every prisoners I have taken has contradictory statements as to their destination. I will know

to-night.

Very respectfully,A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Center.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Triune, December 27,1862-3 p.m.

COLONEL: Hardee escaped me during the fog to-day. Some reports say the left last night; others, to-day. Our prisoners tell contradictory stories about them. They had two divisions here. I am pursuing with one division, and Stanley has started with his cavalry in pursuit. I will know and promptly inform you what road they have taken. It will be necessary for me to pursue 6 miles on the Shelbyville road to determine upon what road they have marched. From College Grove there is a dirt road running 4 miles and intersecting the Salem pike. My cavalry are all raw, but have done well to-day.

General Rousseau's division did not get up until 12 m. to-day. The weather horrid. Captain Long will explain the country to you.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.

Colonel GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff.

