
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, In Camp, Two and a half miles south of Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 8, 1863.

MAJOR: In compliance with telegraphic orders from the general commanding, received at my camp, on Mill Creek, 5 miles south of Nashville, at 4.30 a.m., on the morning of December 26, 1862, I put the right wing of the Fourteenth Army Corps in motion toward Nolensville, Tenn. The First Division, Brig. Gen. Jefferson C. Davis commanding, marched at 6 a.m. upon the Edmondson pike, with orders to move upon that road to Prim's blacksmith-shop, from whence it was to march direct by a country road to Nolensville.

The Third Division, Brig. Gen. Philip H. Sheridan commanding, also marched at 6 a.m., and upon the direct road to Nolensville. The Second Division, Brig. Gen. R. W. Johnson commanding (the reserve of the right wing), followed the Third Division upon the direct road.

The advance guards of Generals Davis' and Sheridan's columns encountered the enemy's cavalry about 2 miles beyond our picket line. There was continuous skirmishing with the enemy until the heads of these columns reached Nolensville.

About 1 mile beyond the town the enemy made a determined stand, in a defile and upon a range of hills that cross the turnpike at this point, lining the slopes with skirmishers and placing a six-gun battery on a commanding position, endeavoring to repel our advance. He was attacked in front and his position handsomely turned by General Carlin's brigade, of Davis' division, capturing one piece of his artillery and several prisoners. After taking possession of the defile and hills, the command was encamped.

On the night of this day, I was visited by the general commanding, who gave me verbal orders to move forward in the morning to Triune, 7 miles distant, and attack Hardee's corps, supposed to be quartered at that place. At this camp I was joined by Brig. Gen.

D. S. Stanley, chief of cavalry, with the First and Second Tennessee Regiments, and the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Preparations were made to move forward at daylight, the cavalry under General Stanley in the advance, followed by the Second Division, under General Johnson. It having rained all the day previous and the entire night, there was a dense fog, which prevented us from seeing 150 yards in any direction. The column having moved about 2 miles to the front, they again encountered the enemy, consisting of cavalry, infantry, and artillery. The fog at this time being so thick that friend could not be distinguished from foe, and our cavalry having been fired upon by our infantry skirmishers, on the flanks, the enemy being conversant with the ground, my troops strangers to it, and from prisoners captured having learned that Hardee's corps had been in line of battle since the night before, I did not deem it prudent to advance until the fog lifted, and I ordered the command to halt until the work could be done understandingly.

The fog having lifted at 1 p.m., an advance was immediately ordered, driving the enemy's cavalry before us.

On nearing Triune, we found that the main portion of their forces had retired, leaving a battery of six pieces, supported by cavalry, to contest the crossing of Nelson's Creek, which has steep and bluff banks. The enemy having destroyed the bridge,it was with difficulty that artillery could be crossed. On the approach of our skirmishers, the battery, with the cavalry, took flight down the Eagleville road. It now being nearly

