
attacked by a heavy force of the enemy. The attack in front of Davis and Sheridan was repulsed several times, and had not the heavy turning columns of the enemy on my right succeeded so well, my line could have been maintained, and the enemy driven back to his barricades, which extended from the Wilkinson pike, with but a short interval, three-fourths of a mile beyond the Franklin road. General Sheridan's division was ably maneuvered by him, under by own eye. As soon as it became evident that my lines would be compelled to give way, orders were given to reform my line in the first skirt of timber in rear of my first position. The enemy advancing so rapidly upon my right, I found this impossible, and changed the point of reforming my line to the high ground in rear of the Wilkinson pike. Moving to the left of my line, and in rear of Sheridan's division, I here met General Rousseau in a cedar wood, posting his division to repel the attack. I then ordered my line to fall still farther back, and form on the right of Rousseau. I gave General Johnson orders, in person, to form his division in rear of Rousseau. Rousseau's division having been withdrawn to the open ground in rear of the cedar woods, the last position became untenable, and my troops were retired to the Nashville pike, where my wing, except Schaefer's brigade, of Sheridan's division, was reassembled and replenished with ammunition. On arrival at the pike, I found Colonel Harker's brigade, of Wood's division, retiring before a heavy force of the enemy. I immediately ordered Roberts' brigade, of Sheridan's division to advance into a cedar wood, and charge the enemy and drive him back. Although this brigade was much reduced in numbers, and having but two rounds of cartridges, it advanced to the charge, under the gallant Colonel Bradley, driving the enemy back with the bayonet, capturing two guns and 40 prisoners, and securing our communication on the Murfreesborough pike at this point. This brigade is composed of the Twenty-second, Twenty-seventh, Forty-second, and Fifty-first Illinois Volunteers. The Twenty-seventh particularly distinguished itself.

About 11 a.m., Col. Moses B. Walker's brigade arrived upon the field, and reported to me for duty. They were assigned to General Sheridan's command, to whose report I refer for the good conduct of his brigade.

On the afternoon of the 31st, the right wing assumed a strong position, its left, composed of Walker's brigade, resting near a commanding knoll, its line running nearly northwest along the slope of a ridge, covered with cedar growth, the right resting upon the Murfreesborough pike. On the slope strong barricades were erected, which could well have been defended by single lines. The second line and Gibson's brigade (late Villich's) was used as a reserve. The right wing, excepting Davis' division and Gibson's brigade, did not participate in any general engagement after the 31st.

There was constant skirmishing in my front until the night of the 3rd.

On the 4th, the enemy left his position in front of the right, and evacuated Murfreesborough on the night of the same day.

On the 6th, the right wing marched to its present camp, 2 1/2 miles south of Murfreesborough, on the Shelbyville pike.

The reports of Generals Johnson, Davis, and Sheridan, division commanders, are herewith inclosed.

Accompanying General Johnson's report you will find the reports of the brigade, regimental, and battery commanders, carefully prepared.

I have been thus particular, on account of the commanding general's dispatch to the General-in-Chief, and also from erroneous reports sent to the public by newspaper correspondents.

