
To my staff, Lieut. Col. E. Bassett Langdon, inspector-general; Major R. H. Nodine, engineer officer; Major J. A. Campbell, assistant

adjutant-general; Capt. Gates P. Thruston, ordnance officer; Capt. B. D. Williams, aide-de-camp; Capt. J. F. Boyd, assistant quartermaster; Captain Orris Blake, provost-marshal; Major Caleb Bates, volunteer aide-de-camp, and Capt. Horace H. Fisher, volunteer

aide-de-camp, and Capt. Horace N. Fisher, volunteer aide-de-camp and topographical engineer, my thanks are due for their conspicuous gallantry and intelligence on the field. My escort, under command of Lieutenant Thickstum, Second Kentucky Cavalry and my orderlies behaved gallantly. When my horse was shot, Orderly Cook, of the Second Indiana, promptly replaced him with his own. The officers of the Signal Corps were ever ready to perform any service in their line or as aides.

The report of Surg. C. McDermont, the medical director of the right wing, is also submitted. Surgeon McDermont's gallantry on the field, and his great care for the wounded, is worthy of great praise.

My entire medical corps behaved nobly, except Asst. Surg. W. S. Fish, of the Third Indiana Cavalry, who fled to Nashville. He is recommended for dismissal.

The casualties of my wing are 532 killed and 2,334 wounded.*

The nation is again called to mourn the loss of gallant spirits who fell upon this sanguinary field. First of these, Brig. Gen. J. W. Sill, commanding First Brigade, Third Division. He was noble, conscientious in the discharge of every duty, and brave to a fault. He had no ambition save to serve his country. He died a Christian soldier, in the act of repulsing the enemy.

Such names as Roberts, Schaefer, Harrington, Stem, Williams, Read, Housum, Drake, Wooster, and McKee, all field officers, and many other commissioned officers of the right, who fell vindicating their flag, will never be forgotten by a grateful country.

Complete lists of the killed and wounded will be furnished from each regiment. There will be a map of the field sent forward

to-morrow.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding Right Wing.

Major C. GODDARD,

Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps.

No. 16. Report of Surg. Clarke McDermont, U. S. Army, Medical Director.

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE RIGHT WING, Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 14, 1863.

SIR: I transmit, for the information of the commanding general, the accompanying report of the casualties the occurred in the right wing during the late battle of Murfreesborough:

While the loss of so many brave men must be a source of profound sorrow to the general, it will afford him some satisfaction to know that the wounded were not neglected. Throughout the severe and protracted struggle our surgeons exerted their utmost energies in alleviating the sufferings and promoting the comfort of their unfortunate brethren, and

---------------

*But see revised statement,pp.207-209.

---------------

