
brigade to whom Major Hill refers is Lieutenant D. F. Allen, Company C, Tenth indiana Volunteers. I learn from several sources that his conduct was most commendable.

The daring exhibited by Major Hill and his gallant little band in pursuing a superior enemy beyond the Cumberland for several miles, nearly 18 or 20 miles from their camp at Hartsville, and the desperate fierceness with which they charged the enemy, recapturing and bringing back to camp nearly their entire train during the night of the same day on which they were taken, reflect the highest credit upon them, and deserves, as it will no doubt receive, the favorable notice of the commanding general of the department. Their conduct in these in these respects is worthy of general emulation.

Respectfully,

JOHN M. HARLAN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain ED. C. DENIG,

Acting Assistance Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 5. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, November 30, 1862.

* * * * * * *

VII. The general commanding has learned with much satisfaction of the good conduct and energy displayed by a detachment of the Second Indiana Cavalry, under Major Hill, in pursuing a party of 200 of the enemy's cavalry, killing some 15 or 20 of them, and retaking the greater part of a Government train just captured by them through the carelessness of one of our foraging parties. This little affair is very creditable to the cavalry, and the general commanding takes pleasure in noticing it. By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Major and Acting Assistant-General.

NOVEMBER 29-DECEMBER 1, 1862.- Reconnaissance from Stewart's Ferry, Stone's River, to Baird's Mills., and skirmishes en route.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General James D. Morgan, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Silas C. Toler, Sixtieth Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General James D. Morgan, U. S. Army.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SEVENTH DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Stone's River, Tenn., December 2, 1862.

CAPTAIN: The two regiments from m,y command ordered forward Saturday returned last evening. They went to baird's Mills, about 17 miles to the front; had some skirmishing with the enemy's pickets, but

