
action and opened fire, which Carlin's brigade charged the battery, carried the heights in his front, and captured two guns. Post's brigade carried the heights on the left of the road with but little resistance, while Woodruff's brigade drove in the enemy's skirmishers on the extreme right.

The day had now closed, and I ordered the troops to bivouac, in accordance with instructions from the general commanding, who arrived at this time upon the ground, followed by Generals Sheridan's and Johnson's divisions.

The steady courage and soldierly zeal displayed on this occasion by both officers and men gave ample assurances of what could be expected of them in the coming struggle at Murfreesborough.

On the 27th, in accordance with the general's instructions, the division took position at the junction of the Bole Jack road with the Nolensville pike, 1 mile from Triune, where it remained in bivouac until the morning of the 29th, at which time the advance was resumed. In compliance with instructions, I moved forward on the Bole Jack road as far as Steart's Creek, a few miles beyond which it was reported by our cavalry the enemy had shown himself in considerable force. The general commanding arriving at this time in person at the head of the column, ordered a half until the divisions in rear could be brought up.

Brigadier-General Stanley, commanding the cavalry in advance, soon reported the road clear, and march was resumed without obstruction until the entire command reached the Wilkinson pike, 6 miles from Murfreesborough. The divisions bivouacked during the night at Overall's Creek, 3 1/2 from Murfreesborough, the left brigade resting on the Wilkinson pike.

On the morning of the 30th the division moved forward and took position on General Sheridan's right, about 300 yards south of and parallel to the Wilkinson pike, in which position it remained until 2 p.m. A few companies of skirmishers thrown to the front in a skirt of timbered land soon found those of the enemy, and for several hours a brisk skirmish was kept up with varying results. About 2 p.m. the general commanding ordered a general advance of the whole line. This the enemy seemed at first disposed to resist only with his skirmishers; gradually, however, as both parties strengthened their lines of skirmishers, the contest became more animated. Our main lines steadily advanced, occupying and holding the ground gained by the skirmishers until about half an hour before sunset, when the enemy's position was plainly discerned, running diagonally across the old Murfreesborough and Franklin road.

The enemy's batteries now announced our close proximity to their lines. Carpenter's and Hotchkiss' batteries were soon brought into position and opened fire. Woodruff's and Carlin's brigades by this time felt the fire of the enemy's main lines, and responded in the most gallant manner. Post's brigade, moving steadily forward on the right, after a most obstinate resistance on the part of the enemy, succeeded in driving his skirmishers from a strong position in our front, forcing them to retire upon his main lines. Night soon brought a close to the contest.

Receiving directions at this time from General McCook to desist from any further offensive demonstration further than what might be necessary to hold my position, I ordered the troops to rest for the night on their arms. Two brigades of General Johnson's division, heretofore held in reserve, arrived and took position on my right, about sunset, thus extending our line of battle beyond the old Franklin and Murfreesborough road.

