
From December 26 until the close of the engagement, on the 4th of January, at Murfreesborough, no entire day elapsed that the division or some part of it, did not engage the enemy. During a great part of the time the weather was excessively inclement, and the troops suffered much from exposure. A heavy list of casualties and much suffering were unavoidable, under the circumstances.

It affords me pleasure,however, to be able to report the cheerful and soldierlike manner in which these hardships and privations were endured by the troops throughout. History will record and the country reward their deeds.

My staff, consisting of Lieut. T. W. Morrison, acting assistant adjutant-general; Capt. H. Pease, inspector-general; Captain McCulloch, aide-de-camp (killed); Lieut. Francis E. Reynolds,

aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Thomas H. Dailey, aide-de-camp; Surg. J. L. Teed, medical director; Captain Shriver, ordnance officer; Lieut. R.

Plunket, provost-marshal, and Private Frank Clark, clerk to the assistant adjutant-general and acting aide-de-camp, deported themselves throughout the entire campaign, as well as on the battle-field, with distinguished zeal and conspicuous gallantry.

While expressing my high regard and appreciation of the general commanding, I desire also to tender my thanks to yourself, major, and to Colonel Langdon, Major Bates, Captains Thruston, Williams, and Fisher, of his staff, for the prompt and efficient manner in which the field duties were performed by them.

During the several engagements in which the division participated the conduct of many subaltern officers attracted my admiration by their conspicuous gallantry, and whose names, I regret, cannot be mentioned in this report. They will be remembered in future recommendation for promotion.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major JOHN A. CAMPBELL,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Right Wing, Fourteenth Army Corps.

No. 18. Report of Lieut. Charles B. Humphrey, Fifth Wisconsin Battery.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH WISCONSIN BATTERY, January 6, 1863.

COLONEL: In obedience with your commands, I would respectfully submit the following report of the part taken and casualties suffered by the Fifth Wisconsin Battery in the engagements with the enemy since December 26, 1862:

The battery left Camp Andy Johnson, December 26, and marched to Nolensville, where it arrived and engaged the enemy's cavalry about 2 o'clock of the same day.

After firing a number of rounds of shell and canister into the town, the enemy fell back about a mile, where they made a stand in a very strong position, and planted a battery. The battery followed, and were soon playing upon them from all its guns. The enemy soon retired, leaving one of their upon the field. Camped upon this ground at night, and the next day (December 27) marched forward about 4 miles

