
and camped until the 29th ultimo, when we were ordered in the direction of Murfreesborough. Advanced about 8 miles and camped in the woods, without tents or fires. The next morning advanced slowly, and camped within slight of the enemy's lines; fired a few rounds from the Parrott guns, and again the men lay be their guns, without tents or fires, all night. At daylight we were up and ready for an attack. As soon as it became light the enemy could be seen from our position, in great numbers, marching upon the right wing. We were soon ordered to its support, and in a short time took position in a corn-field, supported by the Twenty-second Indiana Regiment on the right, and the Fifty-ninth Illinois on the left. The enemy could be seen in heavy force advancing upon us. We opened fire immediately from all our guns. They soon made their appearance over a knoll directly in front of our guns. A few rounds of canister caused them to move to the left, under cover of a thick clump of bushes. They were followed by another line, and they then advanced upon us. After firing upon them for about thirty minutes, the order was given to limber up and fall back. This was done in good order, though we were obliged to leave one gun and two caissons on the field, on account of the horses being killed.

The battery fell back to the Murfreesborough pike in good order, when the rebel cavalry dashed in from the left and captured the whole battery, with the exception of one gun. We were soon relieved by our own cavalry, and the battery was got together, and fired a few rounds at the enemy's cavalry, who were in strong force about 2 miles in rear of our former position; lay by our guns that night, and the next morning (January 1) were ordered to join our brigade, near our present position. We took position, and lay there until the afternoon of January 2, when we were ordered over the stream to the left of the pike, where we lay within sight of the enemy's lines until the morning of the 4th, when we fell back to our present position. During the time of actin the officers and men behaved with coolness and bravery, and though they were exposed to the weather, with uncooked rations, not a man appeared unwilling to do his duty. They were much worn out, but the two days of rest that they have had fitted them for the field.

The following is a list of casualties suffered:*Killed, 1 private; wounded, 1 officer and 5 men; missing, 4; taken prisoners,2. Total loss, 1 captain and 11 enlisted men, 2 wagons and 12 mules.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES B. HUMPHREY,

Lieutenant, Commanding Fifth Wisconsin Battery.

No. 19. Report of Lieut. Henry E. Stiles, Eighth Wisconsin Battery.

HEADQUARTERS 8TH WISCONSIN BATTERY, 3rd BRIG., 1ST DIV., RIGHT WING, 14TH ARMY CORPS, January 9, 1863.

GENERAL: I have to report the following as a detailed account of the part taken by the Eighth Wisconsin Battery in the recent engagements near Murfreesborough, Tenn., December, 1862, and January, 1863:

December 26, 1862, by order of Brigadier-General Woodruff, we formed

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

