
in battery three different times at Nolensville, and fired 38 rounds at the enemy; effects of the shots unknown.

December 30, we took up our line of march with the brigade. By order of Brigadier-General Woodruff, we took position in front about noon and shelled a piece of woods in our front for two hours, when we were ordered to advance. We then came into position on the left of the Third Brigade, in the edge of a belt of timber, near a small cornfield, in the immediate vicinity of the enemy, from which point we shelled them until dark, the enemy only firing two shots at us while in this position, one of which struck a tree over one of our caissons, the other burst in our front, a piece of shell striking the wheel of a gun-carriage. At dark we fell back with three of our guns, by order of General Woodruff, and stationed ourselves over a hill in the rear of the infantry, remaining all night with harness on our horses; one gun on picket.

December 31, as soon as it was light, we took a position to the left of the position occupied the night before, with our three guns. Immediately on taking our position the enemy charged on us in force. We opened on them with canister, with good effect, checking them considerably. Our infantry support here gave way, and we were ordered to fall back. Capt. Stephen J. Carpenter was killed before we ceased firing, and 4 men wounded. Our battery retired in some confusion,with the loss of one 10-pounder Parrott gun, and 11 horses killed and wounded.

By order, we again came into position in a large corn-field in our rear, from which point we opened on the enemy, and continued to fire until our support left us, when we were again obliged to fall back. We them moved a little to the right and rear, when we came into position and opened on the enemy as they advanced out of the woods in our front. We did some execution with canister and shell, but our support again leaving us we were obliged to fall back. By this time the confusion seemed to have become general; our battery fell back to the rear and left, and reported to Brigadier-General Woodruff headquarters at 3 o'clock in the afternoon with three guns, 50 men, and one gun-limber.

January 1, 1863, by order of General Woodruff, we drew 100 rounds of ammunition, and sent one 6-pounder gun, caisson and limber, to a

10-pounder Parrott gun to the rear, where they were captured by the enemy, with 1 man taken prisoner and 3 horses lost. Went into position with two guns, and remained till next day.

January 2, were ordered to march with the brigade. Moved to the left, and took a position between our brigade and that command by Colonel Carlin, by order of General Davis, commanding division. Immediately on coming into position the enemy opened a volley of musketry on us, when we were ordered to fire. Opening on them with canister, they soon fell back.

January 3, we lay in front all day, exposed to the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters.

January 4, at 3 o'clock in the morning,we were ordered to all back to our former position on the pike, which we did, thus ending the fight on our part. We fired about 400 rounds of ammunition during the engagements.

Respectfully submitted.

HENRY E. STILES,

Lieutenant, Comdg. Eighth Wisconsin Battery, Volunteer Artillery.

Brig. Gen. JEFFERSON C. DAVIS,

Comdg. First Division, Right Wing, Fourteenth Army Corps.

