
battles and skirmishes in which we have been engaged during this campaign. My regiment took part in all the subsequent movements made by our brigade up to the present time.

I can't but admire the patience and fortitude exhibited by the officers and men of my command during the present campaign, part of the time on short rations, and all the time exposed to the inclemencies of the weather, without tents or blankets, being compelled to bivouac in the presence of the enemy without fire, yet I heard no complaints uttered. All were willing and anxious to do their duty.

Respectfully submitted.

H. E. PAINE,

Captain, Comdg. Fifty-ninth Illinois Infantry Regiment.

Col. P. SIDNEY POST.

No. 22. Report of Col. Jason Marsh, Seventy-fourth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTY-FOURTH REGT. ILLINOIS VOLS., In Camp near Murfreesborough, January 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Seventy-fourth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, under my command, left camp near Nashville on the 26th ultimo, early in the morning, for Murfreesborough, in the advance brigade. Coming up in the afternoon, near Nolensville, with the enemy, apparently in considerable force, mainly of cavalry and artillery, my command was immediately formed in a line of battle and advanced. A brisk cannonading was opened on both sides, the enemy's shots and shell frequently reaching within our lines, occupying an exposed position within shot range, but no damage was done. The enemy soon falling back, a brisk pursuit was kept up until night, when we bivouacked, without fire, keeping up constant and thorough watch against surprise through the night. The next day, being exceedingly rainy, we marched but about 5 miles, without special incident, and bivouacked for the night, my regiment meeting the inclemency of the weather and discomforts of the march with the fortitude and cheerfulness of veteran soldiers. Resting in the camp over the Sabbath, I resumed the march early Monday morning by a cross-road leading from the Nolensville to the Murfreesborough turnpike; bivouacked at night in a drenching rain, on short rations, after our exceedingly toilsome day's march over an almost impassable road. The next morning I had my command in line at 3.30 o'clock, standing at their arms until daylight, when, resuming the march in the direction of Murfreesborough, we came up with the enemy about noon, and a slight firing was kent up between skirmishers during the day, our column slowly and cautiously advancing, the enemy retreating.

Just at night, near the edge of a cedar thicket, as our line was advancing, the enemy opened a brisk fire from a masked battery, within short range, making it necessary for the entire line to fall back a short distance to a line of battle selected for the operations of the day following. My regiment, being directly in range of the enemy's fire, M. C. Felmly, corporal, of Company K, was killed, and J. B. Caspares, corporal,of the same company, was seriously wounded. A strong picket guard was thrown out about 30 rods in front, which occasionally drew fire from the enemy's pickets; their camp-fires being not more than three-quarters of a mile distant, extending along the farther edge of a corn-field, a long distance beyond the extreme right of our division,

