
No. 23. Report of Lieut. Col. John E. Bennett, Seventy-fifth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-FIFTH REGT. ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, In the Field, January 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the

Seventy-fifth Illinois Volunteers since the breaking up of camp near Nashville:

December 26, took up line of march and, same day, near Nashville: with no loss; were ordered to support the battery, and soon drove the enemy from the town of Nolensville, and camped for the night.

December 27, at 10 a.m.,marched on, while it rained very hard, to Hardee's old camp.

December 28, staid in camp.

December 29, moved on toward Murfreesborough, and camped near the enemy, and no fires allowed.

December 30, marched in line of battle across fields. Company I was sent in advance to the enemy, and fired on them. The enemy returned the fire, and wounded 2 men and killed Captain Hale's horse. Company I fell back, and a general engagement commenced, but with no more loss to the Seventy-fifth Regiment. Camped for the night, and slept on their arms.

December 31, a large number of the enemy attacked our right at daylight, and our men fell back in confusion.

January 1, 1863, in camp all day, and not engaged in any fighting.

January 2, 1863, men rested near their arms till about 4 p.m., when a general engagement commenced. The enemy was driven back with great loss. The Seventy-ninth moved to support our men, but were not engaged in the fight.

January 3, 1863, built breastworks of rails and logs, and the men had laid by their arms for nearly two days, with no fire, and rain most of the time. During the long battle them behaved gallantly. The officers also performed their part well. Captain Hale, acting major, has shown himself a brave and efficient officer, but was compelled to leave his regiment, after captain wounded in the face and thigh. Captain Watson, acting lieutenant-colonel, has taken a prominent part, and is competent to fill any office to which he may be appointed.

Nothing important has transpired since January 3, 1863. We are now camped 2 miles south of Murfreesborough.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN E. BENNETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Col. P. SIDNEY POST.

No. 24. Report of Col. Michael Gooding, Twenty-second Indiana Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, Near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 9, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders received from brigade headquarters, I have the honor herewith to transmit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the several late engagements:

On Friday, the 26th of December, I, with my regiment, reached Nolensville,

