
where the enemy were posted in considerable force. I threw my regiment into line of battle on the right of the brigade, occupying a strong position on a high ridge reaching from our extreme right to the town, on our left. The fight had already begun, and the enemy now opened on us a heavy fire of canister and grape, but, fortunately, too high, and no serious injury was done us. The enemy's cavalry now moved to their left, with the evident intention of gaining our right flank or rear, but in this attempt they were foiled, for I now threw out a heavy body of skirmishers, who, with one section of Captain Pinney's Fifth Wisconsin Battery,

not only held the enemy in check,but drove them from their ground. With the brigade, my regiment pursued the fleeing enemy, driving them from every position. Night now set in, and we bivouacked till morning, lying on our arms.

From thence we marched toward Murfreesborough. On the morning of the 30th we came in contact with the enemy's pickets, and drove them for 3 miles through a dense thicket of cedar and underbrush. But our advance was now checked by a heavy fire from the enemy's batteries. The cannonading lasted for some hours, but with little effect. Night now again set in, and we laid down on our arms, facing the foe, and only 300 yards distant. We could plainly hear the rebels converse during the night. At daylight next morning they could be seen moving to our right, by thousands, which movements were promptly reported. I now sent out five companies to the front as skirmishers, instructing them to fall back as our lines did, which they did, hotly contesting every inch of ground, and shooting down numbers of the enemy. Wit the remaining five companies of my regiment I took position on the right of the Fifth Wisconsin Battery. I was now on the extreme right of our lines. The enemy made their appearance in great numbers, advancing in solid column from the dense cedar thickets in our front. On and on they came, noting daunted at the heavy charges of canister and grape the battery on our left was pouring into their ranks. When they had advanced within 30 yards, I ordered my regiment to fire, which they did, with deliberate aim. Our fire was returned by a raking fire from their extended lines of infantry, while their batteries played on us from our front and right. Our battery being hotly pressed, began to fall back, and I ordered my regiment to fall back. I rallied them again on the right of General Rousseau's command, and took position on the right of a battery, and successfully aided in supporting it. Late in the evening of the same day I was ordered to the right of the division again, where we remained until the evening of the 2nd of January, at which time I was ordered,

double-quick, to the support of our left across the river. I reached them just as the enemy were giving way and being hotly pursued by our forces. Nothing worthy of note occurred during the night and the following day. On the night of the 3rd the enemy retired, leaving us undisputed possession of the field.

I here wish to mention the names of some of the officers of my regiment who distinguished themselves by their courage and bearing: Capt. W. H. Taggart, Company C; Lieut. William F. Riggs, Company F; Lieutenant John Gooding, Company A; Lieut. Patrick Carney, Company D. Lieut. T. B. Tanner was severely wounded in the hip while at his post in the performance of his duty. Major Shea and Adjutant Adams rendered themselves highly conspicuous in attempting to rally the regiment, and by their bravery and noble daring. Capt. William Powers, Company H; Lieut. A. D. Sawyer, Company B; Lieut. R. V. Marshall, Company I; Capt. W. H. Snodgrass and Sergt. A. J. Moss, commanding Company G, are brave and good officers, and did

