
their whole duty. With few executions, the men of my regiment fought with a willingness and determination rarely equaled. But while I make favorable mention of the above-named officers, I cannot but censure the conduct of Capt. N. De Versey, Company A; Lieut. James McGrayel and Lieut. A. W. Griffith, Company G, and Lieut. L. C. Orrill, Company K, who left the field in the early part of the engagement. On the morning of the 31st of December they went to Nashville, taking with them quite a number of non-commissioned officers and privates of my command, most of whom were taken prisoners and paroled at La Vergne, and who are still at Nashville.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

M. GOODING,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieut. S. M. JONES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 25. Report of Col. William P. Carlin, Thirty-third Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, RIGHT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, January 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade since leaving Knob Gap, near Nolensville, December 27, 1863:

The brigade took up the line of march on the morning of the 27th, in a heavy rain, in the direction of Triune, bivouacking within 1 mile of that place, where it remained during the 28th, moving on the morning of the 29th, in the direction of Murfreesborough.

That night we bivouacked on Blackman's farm, 4 1/2 miles west of that town.

Early on the morning of the 30th we crossed Overall's Creek, on the right of the Wilkinson pike, and took up position in a heavy wood south of Asa Griscom's house.

At 2 p.m. I was ordered to advance; passed through a corn-field, entering another heavy wood, where my skirmishers first met those of the enemy. Before making this advance, Brigadier-General Davis, commanding division, informed me that may brigade was to direct the movements of the division, and that Colonels Post and Woodruff, commanding, respectively, the First and Third Brigades, were ordered to keep on a line with me. My skirmishers, under Lieutenant-Colonel McKee, Fifteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, continued to drive those of the enemy through the wood for about one-fourth of a mile, when I halted men sent a request to Colonels Post and Woodruff to keep pace with my advance.

At this point my skirmishers, having suffered severely, were withdrawn, and my battery (Second Minnesota, Capt. W. A. Hotchkiss) opened on the enemy with canister and spherical case, inflicting serious damage. I then threw forward another line of skirmishers, under Lieutenant-Colonel McMackin, Twenty-first Illinois Volunteers, which advanced so slowly that my front line of battle soon closed upon it, driving

