
changed direction to the left on Chicken road, passing through Gladesville, 3 miles on. The Statesville road strikes off to the right from the Chicken road 3 miles from Baird's Mills. The Chicken road is a good dirt road, with but few neighborhood crossings.

Small squads of rebel cavalry are continually crossing through the country between Rural Hill and Baird's Mills. At Baird's Mills we were joined by Colonel Milliken's command of cavalry. We were menaced by small squads of rebel cavalry at different points, and at Baird's Mills they appeared in some considerable force on the Murfreesborough and Lebanon pike. After a sharp skirmish, they retired in the direction of Murfreesborough. They were Morgan's men. He is encamped at Black's Shop, 9 miles from Baird's Mills, toward Murfreesborough. His force is said to be 3,000 men, mostly mounted, and three pieces of artillery. We captured some of the enemy's pickets. We captured 12 prisoners, 1 mule, 5 horses, 1 buggy, 4 saddles and bridles, 3 double and 1 single barrel shot-guns, 1 Yager rifle, and 5 revolvers.

We left Baird's Mills at 7 o'clock a.m. of December 1, and returned to camp, passing over the same route we went out. Nothing of interest occurred on our way back. Officers and men under my command behaved well, and deserve credit for good discipline and order during the march.

Very respectfully,

S. C. TOLER,

Colonel, Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant THEO. WISEMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 1, 1862.-Skirmish near Nolensville, Tenn.

Report of Brig. General John A. Wharton, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Nolensville, Tenn., December 1, 1862-5 p.m.

GENERAL: * * * I had a skirmish with the enemy to-day, and my battery drove them from their position very quickly.

* * * * * * *

Very respectfully, our obedient servant,

JNumbers A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-General [L.] POLK, &amp;c.

DECEMBER 3, 1862.-Attack on Union forage train on the Hardin pike, near Nashville, Tenn.

Report of Colonel George W. Roberts, Forty-second Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. ROBERTS' BRIG., 11TH DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Camp Sheridan, December 21, 1862.

MAJOR:I have the honor to report in the cases of Brigade Quartermaster D. B. Sears, Regimental Quartermaster S. B. Hood, and Lieutenant O. A. Clark, formerly of my command, but now prisoners of war, that on the 3rd day of December, 1862, they were on duty in attendance with a forage train from my brigade, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel

