
officers reported for duty, Col. Leander Stem, Lieut. Col. M. F.

Wooster, M. F. Wooster, Major I. M. Kirby, Adjt. Leonard D. Smith, First Surg. T. M. Cook, Asst. Surg. Walter Caswell, Second Lieut. D. H. Fox, Company A; First Lieut. S. B. Beckwith, Company B; Capt. B. B. McDonald and Second Lieut. John B. Biddle, Company C; Second Lieut. John M. Latimer,jr., Company D; First Lieut. Lyman Lieut. Lyman Parcher and Second Lieut. R. D. Lord, Company E; First Lieut. A. R. Hilyer, Company F; Capt. John Messer and First Lieut. John P. Fleming, Company G; Second Lieut. J. I. Neff, Company H; Capt. N. M. Barnes and Second Lieut. H. A. Taggart, Company I; Second Lieut. P. F. Cline, Company K, and 441 enlisted men.

Early in the afternoon of the same day the regiment formed in line of battle to attack the enemy near Nolensville. Deploying a line of skirmishers, we moved to the front about a half a mile, with some little firing on the part of our skirmishers, who succeeded in capturing 2 prisoners. While halting at this point, the enemy was discovered attempting to plant a battery on a hill one-half or three-quarters of a mile distant. By order of Colonel, the regiment was wheeled into line, bayonets fixed, and moved forward to take that battery at all hazards. The enemy retired on our approach. We were again moved forward, by the right of companies to the front, on the enemy in their new position, a mile distant from this point. Forward we marched, under a heavy fire of shell. Arriving within a quarter of a mile of the enemy's battery, we formed into line, and, led by Colonel Stem, charged at double-quick, succeeding, together with the rest of the brigade, in taking one gun and 4 prisoners. We were again ordered forward a short distance, but soon called off to rest for the night. Our loss was 3 men wounded. Second Lieutenant Cline fell from the ranks of the last charge; afterward reported himself stunned by concussion of shell.

The next day, December 27, we marched out near Knob Gap, where we rested till Monday morning, December 29, when we again took up our line of march on the Murfreesborough road, going into camp,near this place, soon after dark.

At or near 10 o'clock, Tuesday morning, December 30, the regiment was moved forward in "double column at half distance," supporting the Twenty-first Regiment Illinois Volunteers. About 3 o'clock in the afternoon the Twenty-first became engaged with the enemy, the One hundred and first lying a short distance to the rear, supporting the Second Minnesota Battery, which was engaging a battery of the enemy. Just at dark the Twenty-first fell back through our lines, leaving us in front. This day our loss was 2 men wounded. Before moving forward, Second Lieutenant Cline reported himself unfit for duty, and permission was granted him to go to the rear. Immediately upon taking the front for the night, we advanced a picket line. The regiment was ordered to sleep on their arms. Ten men were kept on guard immediately in front of the regimental lines, and one field officer constantly on the watch during the night.

At early daylight, Wednesday morning, December 31, the enemy was discovered moving in heavy force to our right; soon after their skirmishers opened fire on us from the front. By order of Colonel Carlin, Colonel Stem moved his line forward about a hundred yards, when the firing became quite brisk. Soon after, Colonel Stem was ordered to fall back to his former position, sling knapsacks, and form a new line a short distance to the rear, which he performed in good order. Here the firing was very severe. Our forces falling back on our right, without our knowledge, the enemy turned our right flank, and poured a terrific cross-fire

