
Walworth, which proceeded 10 miles on the Hardin pike, then turned to the left and loaded, about 3 miles from said pike. Before starting, I placed General Orders, No. 17, in the hands of Quartermaster Sears, and enjoined strict obedience in regard to all points, and specified particularly the receipting for property. I learn from direct testimony that Quartermaster Sears was very active to see that all the wagons were well loaded; that the exact number was ascertained, and that he then insisted that Quartermaster Hood, of the Twenty-second Illinois, Foragemaster Bruce, of General Palmer's division train, and Lieutenant O. A. Clark should go with him to the house of the proprietor and receipt. They went. The house was distant (as I am informed) from the guard of the rear of the train about 300 yards.

Quartermaster Sears did not ask for a personal guard; in fact, as he says, did not think of it. While Quartermaster Sears was receipting, the others were invited to take dinner, which they did. Before Quartermaster Sears had completed his receipts, a force of Texan Rangers, of about 200, began firing on the train and escort. Bruce, who was first out of the house, mounted his horse, and escaped with a ball through his coat and another in the hip of his horse. The other officers, seeing the Rangers between them and the train, remained at the house, and were taken.

The Rangers charged on Sergeant Huerson, of Company E, Forty-second Regiment Illinois Volunteers, and 17 men, of same regiment, who were posted as a lookout or vedette. But the sergeant formed his men, and fired into them by volley, advanced on them, still firing, dared them to come on, and completely drove them back. The Rangers wounded 8 mules, and Quartermaster Sears states that they declared that if it had not been for the "little major," as they called the sergeant, they would have captured part of the train.

I think that Herson deserves notice. He has been with me in several close matters, and is brave beyond question. I sent forward a recommendation for his promotion, but it is returned, refused.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. ROBERTS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major SIDELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 4, 1862.-Skirmish on the Franklin pike, near Holly Tree Gap, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Camp Rosecrans, Tenn., December 4, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to hand you the following report of my scout on the Franklin pike this day:

At 7.30 a.m. I marched, with 302 officers and men. When 8 miles from Nashville, I met the enemy's pickets, which were driven, by Companies I and L, as far as the junction of the Wilson Creek and Franklin pikes (9 miles from Nashville), and then some 2 miles down the Wilson Creek pike. Here I recalled the two companies, and, leaving D company at the junction, moved forward on the Franklin pike. About 2 miles out, we again met the enemy's pickets (about 70 men), and drove them before us through Holly Tree Gap (6 miles from the junction), and to

