
of well merited compliment - at all times coo, determined, and persevering. Lieutenant-Colonel Timberlake and Major Woodbury, of the Eighty-first Indiana, displayed manly courage, and held their regiment firm and steady under heavy fire; for officers young in the service their efforts are worthy of imitation. Capt. W. Taggart, who succeeded to the command of the Twenty-fifth Illinois Regiment, behaved as a soldier should, everywhere efficient, and ever ready to execute orders. First Sergeant German, of the Eighth Wisconsin Battery, merits much praise for the cool, skillful, and determined manner in which he served his battery after he succeeded to the command.

To my staff, Capt. George Austin, acting assistant adjutant-general; Capt. A. C. Keys, Lieut. C. P. Ford, Lieut. John F. Isom, Lieut. William R. McChesney, and Lieut. H. S. Park, I owe especial thanks for the manner they served upon the field, carrying my orders, wherever required, through a storm of shot, shells, and bullets, regardless of all save the performance of their duty.

During the conflict it became necessary, in the absence of staff officers on duty, to make use of orderlies to supply their place. In connection herewith I take great pleasure in testifying to the brave conduct of Orderlies A. T. Greeman and Abijah Lee, on my escort.

Amid the glorious results of a battle won, it gives me pain to record the names of the gallant men who offered up their lives on the altar of their country; but we must drop the tear of sorrow over their restingplace, and offer our heartfelt sympathies to their relatives and friends, trusting that God will care for them and soothe their afflictions. And while we remember the noble dead, let us pay a tribute of respect to the gallant Col. T. D. Williams, Twenty-fifth Illinois Regiment, who died in the performance of his duty. He fell with his regimental colors in his hands, exclaiming, "We will plant it here, boys, and rally the old Twenty-fifth around it, and here we will die." Such conduct is above all praise, and woods can paint no eulogium worthy of the subject. And here let me call the attention to the conduct of Captain Carpenter, of the Eighth Wisconsin Battery, tho fell gallantly serving his guns until the enemy were within a few yards of their muzzles. He died as a soldier would wish to die, with his face to the foe, in the smoke and din of battle.

The casualties of the command are small in compression to the fire they received and the service done.

The Thirty-fifth Illinois lost 2 commissioned officers wounded, 8 privates killed, 49 wounded, and 32 missing; the Twenty-fifth Illinois, 1 commissioned officer killed and 3 wounded, 14 privates killed, 69 wounded, and 35 missing; the Eighty-first Indiana, 2 commissioned officers killed, 2 wounded, and 1 missing, 3 privates killed, 40 wounded, and 39 missing; the Eighth Wisconsin Battery, 1 commissioned officer killed, 4 privates wounded, and 19 missing. Total, 4 commissioned officers killed, 7 wounded, and 1 missing; 25 privates killed, 162 wounded, and 125 missing. Aggregate killed, wounded, and missing, 324.*

I hope a portion of those missing may yet return, as all cannot have been made prisoners.

I have the honor to submit the above report to your consideration, and remain, dear sir, yours, most respectfully,

W. E. WOODRUFF,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Lieut. T. W. MORRISON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

---------------

*But see revised statement,p.208.

---------------

