
paces from the first position. I rallied the men, and, finding them almost destitute of ammunition, immediately dispatched a messenger to General Woodruff to report the fact; then ordered bayonets to be fixed, and charged on the enemy once more, driving him from the field and retaking one Parrott gun, which had been taken by the enemy from the Eighth Wisconsin Battery; also capturing a number of prisoners.

At this time, finding all our supplied gone, and flanked on the left, the enemy's lines having passed us on the right, and being unable to communicate with General Woodruff, I assumed the responsibility of withdrawing the regiment in good order to the rear of a battery placed on a commanding eminence, taking with us the piece retaken the enemy, but which we were forced to leave after taking it about 300 yards, on account of a destructive fire being opened on us from one of the enemy's batteries.

At this point I reported in person to Major-General McCook that we were out of ammunition, and was ordered by him to retire to the ammunition train in the rear. Did so, and supplied ourselves with ammunition. Then, in obedience to orders, took position on the Murfreesborough pike, remaining there until 10 a.m. of January 1, 1863.

At this time received orders from General Woodruff to fall back a distance of 300 paces and erect barricades. Did so, remaining there until 4 p.m. of the 2nd instant.

At this time received orders to fall in line, cross Stone's River, and participate in the action going on the left. Moved forward at a double-quick a distance of 1 1/2 miles, wading the river three times, the last time under a heavy fire of shot and shell from the enemy's battery, placed on an eminence directly in front of our regiment; formed line of battle, and moved forward at a

double-quick, charging on the enemy, who, however, speedily retreated. After going a distance of 300 yards in the open field, I halted the regiment, threw out a party of skirmishers in front, built a strong line of barricades, and bivouacked on the field of battle.

At daylight of the 3rd instant the enemy's sharpshooters, who were concealed in the timbers, opened fire on the regiment, keeping it up until dark, wounding 2 of our men. Remained on the field until 4 a.m. of the 4th instant; then received orders to recross the river and go into camp on the Nashville pike, which we did.

Col. Thomas D. Williams acted with great courage, coolness, and bravery until he fall. Capt. Samuel D. Wall was severely wounded while gallantly doing duty as a field officer. He as carried from the field. Lieutenants Dickson and Hastings were also severely wounded while nobly discharging their duty, and were carried from the field.

To the officers and men of the regiment I am deeply indebted for the coolness and bravery shown on every side, all doing nobly.

There were present with the regiment the following commissioned officers; Capts. S. D. Wall, S. Houston, B. F. Ford, Z. Hall, and J. Smart, Adjt. G. W. Flynn, First Lieuts. T. H. West, T. J. McKibben, E. Hall, A. Warner, W. J. Sallee, J. H. Hastings, and Second Lieuts. A. Martin, J. C. Gundy, M. B. Thompson, Thomas W. Braselton, S. Dickson, and A. H. South. Our loss is: Killed, 15; wounded, 68; missing, 25.*

Very respectfully,

WESFORD TAGGART,

Captain Twenty-fifth Illinois, Commanding Regiment.

Lieut. G. W. FLYNN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*But see revised statement,p.208.

---------------

