
command, and we took position on the west side of the Nashville pike, and laid on our arms at night.

Our loss during the day was First Lieut. H. M. McConnell, Company H, killed, and Second Lieutenant Kagay, Company K, slightly wounded; 9 men and 39 wounded.

January 1, 1863, changed position to rear of the pike, and laid on our arms at night.

January 2, about 4 p.m., moved across the river to our left, to repel the enemy's assault in that direction. After coming under fire of the enemy's batteries, formed line of battle, and advanced, under heavy artillery fire, to within range of their battery, and silenced it. Took the adjutant of the Forty-first Alabama and 12 men prisoners. Lost 1 man killed and 1 wounded. Laid on our arms at night.

The officers and men deserve great credit for their patience and endurance, being exposed to drenching rain, cold, and hunger, without fire nearly all the time, for a week. No officer failed in his duties. All did well and deserve commendation.

Major McIlwain had command of the skirmishers of the brigade on the 30th and on the morning of December 31, and deserve great credit for the bravery and skill he displayed in handling them; and, after they were driven in and the action became general, he returned to his command, and by his cool courage and gallantry, shown throughout the entire conflict, deserves my highest commendation.

Recapitulation of casualties.

 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Total.

Commissioned officers	 1	 1	 ---	 2

Enlisted men	 10	 49	 25	 84

Total	 11	 50	 25	 86

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. CHANDLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant FLYNN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen., Third Brigade, First Division.

No. 30. Report of Brig. Gen. Richard W. Johnson, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, RIGHT WING, January 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Division, under my command, beginning December 26, 1862, the day on which it left Nashville, and terminating on January 6, 1863:

The Second Division is composed of the following troops:

First Brigade, Brig. Gen. A. Willich commanding: Forty-ninth Ohio, Colonel Gibson, Fifteenth Ohio, Colonel Wallace; Thirty-ninth Indiana,

