
The conduct of officers and men under my command was good. (The Louisville Legion, under the gallant Lieutenant-Colonel Berry, brought off by hand one cannon after the horses were killed.) They yielded the ground only where overpowered, offering an obstinate resistance at every point. Some few in each regiment, becoming panic-stricken, fled to Nashville for safety. Captain Simonson managed his battery with skill and courage, and with it did good execution. He lost two guns, but not until the horses been killed and the guns disabled. Goodspeed's battery lost three guns and quite a number of horses. This battery was handled well, and did good execution, under Lieutenant Belding.

Reference is respectfully made to the reports of regimental and brigade commanders for the list of those who, by their bravery and good conduct, rendered themselves conspicuous.

After the capture of General Willich, his brigade was commanded temporarily by Colonel Wallace, Fifteenth Ohio, but was afterward replaced by Colonel Gibson, Forty-ninth Ohio. General Kirk becoming disabled was replaced by Colonel Dodge, Thirtieth Indiana, while the Third Brigade was commanded throughout by Colonel Baldwin.

These four colonels have demonstrated their fitness for command on several bloody fields, and are recommended to my superiors for promotion. Their coolness and courage rendered them conspicuous throughout the bloody engagement. Major Klein and his battalion of the Third Indiana Cavalry deserve special mention. Under their gallant leader the battalion was always in front, and rendered efficient service.

To Captains Bartlett, Hooker, Thruston, and McLeland, and Lieutenants Taft, Hill, and Sheets, of my staff, my thanks are due for their efficiency and promptness in carrying to all parts of the field.

My medical director, Surgeon Marks, and the medical officers of the division were untiring in their exertions to alleviate the sufferings of the wounded, and to them my thanks are due. My escort, composed of the following-named men of the Third Kentucky Cavalry, who accompanied me throughout the engagement, deserve special mention for their good conduct: Sergt. William C. Miles, Privates George Long, Thomas Salyers, John Christian, John Whitten, James Bowen, B. Hammerstein, and R. A. Norah. Private Bowen's house was killed by a cannon-ball.

The loss of the division as follows: Killed,260; wounded, 1,005; missing, 1,280 (supposed to have been captured).*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Major JOHN A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 31. Report of Capt. Peter Simonson, Fifth Indiana Battery.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH INDIANA BATTERY, Camp in Field, January 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, on the morning of December 27, this command marched with the brigade from its bivouac on the

---------------

*But see revised statement,p.209.

---------------

