
two pikes, at a point 500 or 600 yards to the right of the Murfreesborough pike. Under the direction of the brigade and division commanders, with three of our own pieces and one of Battery E, First Ohio Light Artillery, we succeeded for a time in checking the enemy, but the infantry fell back, and we were ordered to retire the battery. At this point about 42 rounds of ammunition were fired. It was a splendid position, and I recreated leaving it. One man was wounded and several horses disabled. We then fell back across the pike and the railroad, and became again separated from the brigade. I then reported to General Johnson, who ordered me in position on a point to the left of the railroad, where we remained until about 3 p.m., and were then ordered to our present position, on the right of the Murfreesborough pike.

On the following morning we had a short artillery duel with a four-gun battery in front of us. In the afternoon the enemy appeared advancing with about a brigade, and we opened fire, firing about 25 rounds. We have been lying in our present position since.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

PETER SIMONSON,

Captain Fifth Indiana Battery.

Lieut. GEORGE H. BURNS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen., Third Brigade, Second Division.

No. 32. Report of Capt. Warren P. Edgarton, Battery E, First Ohio Light Artillery.

NASHVILLE, TENN., June 25, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit, for you consideration, a brief report of the action of my command (Battery E, First Regiment Ohio Volunteer Light Artillery), at and immediately preceding the battle of Stone's River.

I have cause seriously to regret that my capture and subsequent imprisonment have so long delayed to recital of facts which I purpose to embody in this report, known only to myself, by which injustice has been done to the brave of my command, especially as there seems to have been very generally a misapprehension in regard to my position on the morning of the 31st of last December, and the cause which resulted in the capture of my battery.

We left camp near Nashville on the 26th of December, attached to General Kirk's brigade of General Johnson's division, right wing. We marched on the Nolensville pike. The next day, the 27th, approaching Triune, our brigade was ordered in the advance. After marching about 1 mile, we encountered a battery of the enemy posted in a commanding position. My battery was ordered forward to engage it, and, after a few rounds, we drove them from that position. We took a second position on a hill overlooking the village of Triune, and again discovered the enemy's battery planted in our front, well supported by cavalry. We dislodged them a second time, dismounting one of their guns. The enemy ceased to annoy us here, and we were ordered to bivouac near the village, one section being ordered on picket duty.

The duty of following the enemy on this day was very arduous. We were obliged to leave the traveled roads in order to gain position; we removed, dragged our pieces through the soft ground of cultivated

