
within about 1 mile from Franklin. No obstruction of any kind has been placed in the gap, which is naturally one of the strongest positions I have ever seen.

Two bridges have been destroyed on the road, one about 3 miles north of the gap, the other about 2 1/2 miles south. Wagons can pass both by taking the fields east.

One of the rebels was wounded by a carbine ball in left shoulder. We met with no loss. I returned to camp at 8 o'clock p.m., having ridden about 45 miles.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant CHAMBERLAIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division.

DECEMBER 4, 1862.-Capture of outpost near Stewart's Ferry (or Ford), Stone's River, Tenn.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brig. General James D. Morgan, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Major D. W. Holman, C. S. Army.

No. 1. Report of Brig. General James D. Morgan, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., FIRST DIV., ARMY OF THE MISS.,Stone's River, Tenn., December 4, 1862.

COLONEL: This morning about 3 o'clock a sergeant and 9 men of captain Powell's company mounted scouts, stationed at Stewart's Ford, 2 1/2 miles on our right, were attacked by a mounted force of the enemy of about 60 men. All of our men succeeded in making their escape, with their arms and accouterments, but with the loss of their horses. Two were wounded, 1 severely. The enemy made their approach upon our right from the direction of the Murfreesborough pike. I have no cavalry to cover my flank in that direction. I had supposed that vedettes were stationed from the Murfreesborough pike toward my right.

I sent out yesterday a foraging party about 4 miles to the front, on the Lebanon pike; 2 men were taken, 1 a mounted scout of Captain Powell's company, and a teamster; they were paroled and returned to camp almost as soon as the train. I returned them to duty, ignoring the paroles, and with orders that they be charged with the arms lost.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE.

No. 2. Report of Major D. W. Holman, C. S. Army.

CAMP NEAR LA VERGNE, TENN., December 4, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, with the approval of the brigadier-general commanding, I left my encampment near Stone's River

