
bivouacked south of Nolensville, and early on the morning of the 27th instant started on the road to Triune. Before we had proceeded more than 1 mile, heavy skirmishing was heard in front, and one section of our battery was ordered forward by General Kirk. Our place in the march being in rear of the Second Regiment, when the head of the column had reached the top of a ridge beyond which cavalry skirmishing was still going on, a masked battery of the enemy on the left and commanding the road opened on it. Our pieces were at once unlimbered, and, after firing twelve rounds, got no response from the enemy's guns. The infantry skirmishers had filed off the road to the left, and our entire battery now moved rapidly after them.

Leaving the pike, the skirmishers moved to the top of another ridge, and our battery, following, was at once placed in position there, from which point it opened fire from every gun, driving the rebels out of range. Here we were ordered to await the uplifting of a very heavy fog, and, when the infantry moved forward, again sought the pike, which we followed until the skirmishers reported the enemy again in sight and in line of battle. A fine position, on a hill overlooking Trinne, and within the range of the rebel cavalry, in line of battle facing our left, was found here, and four pieces opened from this eminence, throwing shot and shell into and beyond the town, and into the rebels on right and left.

When we first came in sight of Triune, the road was filled with rebel cavalry, and one section, unlimbering in the road, made them its special mark. The town was soon made untenable, and in an effort made by the rebel battery planted above the village to return our fire, it was driven off with one gun disabled. The enemy again retired before our fire, and the skirmishers, following up as fast as the nature of the ground would admit, threatened the capture of his guns, which he fired rapidly, and which we could not return, as he had cut down a bridge, obliging us to search a crossing more than one-half mile down the creek. When our battery again appeared, the enemy had drawn off, but we threw several shot in the direction of his retreat.

We were not again in action until the evening of December 30, when the Second Brigade was ordered to support the right of General Davis' division, threatened by rebel cavalry. They showed themselves in force, but, having secured a good position, a few shells threw their ranks into confusion and made them retire. The right of General Davis was at this time suffering from the shells of the enemy's battery, to which we turned our attention, and had the satisfaction of silencing the battery after a few rounds. Knowing our danger on the right, we planted two pieces on the road by which it was supposed the enemy would come, kept the horses harnessed all night, and took every precaution we thought necessary to guard against surprise.

At daylight on the morning of the 31st instant the pickets gave the alarm, and skirmishers were firing, but as yet could see no enemy. The horses were quickly hitched, except a few, perhaps one-half of which were on their return from water, and were brought up at once. Failing to distinguish the enemy, two shells were thrown in the direction of their fire, and, when they appeared, canister. Six rounds were poured into the moving mass with great effect, but, attacked in front and flank, we soon saw our horses shot down, the work evidently of sharpshooters, who moved in the advance and on the right and left, until the whole column being now upon us, we had not horses enough to save our guns.

The number of deaths among our men, and particularly the fact that two of them were bayoneted at their guns, will show conclusively the courage and tenacity which influenced them on the occasion.

