
Completely overpowered, it became necessary to retire with a few horses- perhaps 30.

In conclusion, allow me to express my heartfelt regret at the loss of Captain Edgarton, whose manly voice rang out above the din of musketry, encouraging his men, and giving orders coolly and judiciously. He preferred to go a prisoner with his battery to leaving his mucherished pieces. In mentioning the other officers and men, the name of Lieutenant Berwick comes foremost, who, an adopted citizen, rushed to arms at the first call, and, in acts as well as words, proved his unchangeable love of the freedom which enticed him from his bonnie hills. The sergeants and men behaved with noble devotion, as the death of three of the former will fully testify, while the alacrity shown by all to enter the service anywhere, so they could fight for their country, proves patriotism and courage.

Accompanying this report I append the names of those known to have been killed and wounded.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. RANSOM,

First Lieutenant, Commanding.

Capt. D. C. WAGNER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

No. 34. Report of Col. William H. Gibson, Forty-ninth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, RIGHT WING, Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: The capture of Brigadier-General Willich renders it my duty to report to Brigadier-General Johnson, commanding division, the participation of this command in the events of the ten days. In accomplishing this task, I shall address myself to a concise narrative of occurrences, that "the truth of history may be vindicated," the memory of our heroic slain honored, and that justice may be done to the brave survivors, who, by their energy and stubborn courage, maintained a conflict for six days, and vanquished the great army of our foe.

Leaving camp, near Nashville, December 26, 1862, the first and second days' march was without incident, and took us through Nolensville to Triune, 20 miles.

The following day we reconnoitered the country 7 miles to our front, in the direction of Shelbyville, and developed the fact that the rebel forces had retreated the day and night previous in the direction of this place. In that reconnaissance we made 41 prisoners of war.

On the 29th we moved upon this place, reaching the Salem road, 4 miles distant, after dark, and slept upon our arms in rear of General Davis' division.

On the 30th we advanced upon this position, acting as a reserve to the right wing, and were not brought under fire that day. In the evening we took up a position on the extreme right of our army on the Franklin road. General Kirk's brigade was in front, with pickets thrown out to the margin of open fields. To his rear and near his right, in open woods, was Edgarton's battery in position, with a narrow cleared field in front. To the right of this battery, and on a line perpendicular to the

