
rear of General Kirk's right, were the reserves of the Thirty-ninth and Thirty-second Indiana, of this command, portions of each being on picket duty.

The direction of the Franklin road is due east and west at this point, and it was covered by General Kirk's right, his line of battle fronting east and in advance of a lance running north and south, 8 yards wide, and intersecting the road at right angles. In this angle is a field of open woods 330 yards square. South of this is an uninclosed space covered by a few trees and near 100 yards wide, through which the Franklin road is located. At the fence, to the right of Edgarton's battery, five companies of the Thirty-ninth Indiana were camped in line of battle, fronting south. To their right the Thirty-second Indiana occupied a like position. Inside of the wooded field and within 30 yards of the fence the Forty-ninth Ohio was formed in line of battle, fronting south, its left resting within 100 yards of the lane and its right within a like distance of the west inclosure. In its rear the Eighty-ninth Illinois was in double column, closed in mass, fronting south. Perpendicular to the rear of the right of the Forty-ninth was the Fifteenth Ohio, in line near the fence, fronting west, its left wing resting within 60 yards of the Forty-ninth. In the southwest corner of this wooded field Goodspeed's battery was parked in oblong square. North and west of this field and south and east of the uninclosed space were cleared fields. The picket line of General Kirk covered his front and flank, connecting with that of this brigade at a fence 600 yards south of the left of the reserve of the Thirty-ninth Indiana. The pickets of the Thirty-ninth were advanced 700 yards in front of the reserve in an open corn-field. The pickets of the Thirty-second joined those of the Thirty-ninth and covered the woods 600 yards in front of his pickets. No indications of the presence or purposes of the enemy were discerned.

Here I beg leave to call attention to the very concise and satisfactory report of Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, commanding Thirty-ninth Indiana, and also to the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Erdelmeyer, commanding Thirty-second Indiana. These dispositions had been made and these precautions adopted by General Willich.

At dawn of day orders were received to build fires and make coffee. In a few moments after I met General Willich, who remarked that he would be absent a few moments at the headquarters of General Johnson, and in case anything occurred in front of our pickets he directed me to rally the Thirty-ninth and Thirty-second to their support.

At 6.25, and soon after meeting the general, firing was heard on General Kirk's right. The brigade was instantly ordered to take arms, and Lieutenant Miles, of the staff, was dispatched for General Willich. He was found, and started for his command, but his horse was shot under him, and he was made a prisoner before giving an order.

The enemy advanced upon our position with four heavy lines of battle, with a strong reserve held in mass. All these were in full view before the lines of General Kirk gave way. His left extended a great distance beyond our extreme right, and was thrown forward, so that his lines were, to some extent, oblique to ours. To the right of our position, and near the Franklin road, he took position with an immense force of cavalry. In fact, the center of Hardee's corps attacked our right. His lines were advanced with great rapidity, and his force could not have been less than 35,000, besides cavalry.

Portions of Polk's and Smith's corps were engaged. The lines of General Kirk soon yielded to an assault which no troops in the world

