
on us with artillery and again advanced their infantry, our line falling back.

After thus rallying and meeting the enemy several times, we arrived with our flank on the Wilkinson road, a short distance west of our ammunition train. Here we were charged by the enemy's cavalry and lost one gun, all of us being in the enemy's power. My sword was demanded, but just at that instant a detachment of our cavalry made a dash for our rescue, and in the confusion of the moment most of us fought our way out and escaped.

The division train was got under motion, and we moved rapidly and in considerable disorder to the Nashville road, closely pursued by the enemy's cavalry. Here the colors of the Thirty-ninth Indiana were captured. At this moment I learned that a considerable portion of this brigade had reached the center; that General Willich had been killed or captured, and that General Wallace was in command of the brigade. A complete panic prevailed. Teams, ambulances, horsemen, footmen, and attaches of the army, black and white, mounted on horses and mules, were rushing to the rear in the wildest confusion. I exerted myself to arrest this panic, and hastened down the road until I met Colonel Walker with his brigade, who promptly formed in line of battle and put his artillery in position. With this assurance the tide was quite checked, and, placing a strong guard of cavalry across the road, Colonel Walker moved his command to the front, compelling every able-bodied soldier to fall in. I hurried them back to the front, and thus hundreds, if not thousands, were compelled to return to their commands.

In the evening this brigade was reorganized, and, by order of General Johnson, took position on our extreme right, in rear of Colonel Carlin's brigade, of the First Division.

Though repulsed and sustaining severe loss in officers and men the day previous, January 1 found us 1,300 strong, and eager to participate in the dangers and struggles of the field.

I was directed to reconnoiter the woods to the right and rear of our position, which was accomplished under the observation of Major-Generals Rosecrans and McCook. Though within range of the enemy's battery, we reached the woods unobserved, and soon met his sharpshooters, and discovered that he was massing his infantry under cover of these woods, with the apparent design of attacking our extreme right. In withdrawing we were harassed by shot and shell from his batteries, but sustained no loss. We were soon directed to reoccupy the woods, and promptly took up our position with the Fifteenth Ohio and the Thirty-second Indiana and Eighty-ninth Illinois, in line of battle [their front covered by skirmishers], and the Thirty-ninth Indiana and Forty-ninth Ohio, under Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, as a reserve. The enemy's cavalry made a dash upon our position, but were gallantly repulsed by our skirmishers.

The movements of the enemy on the right having averted the serious attention of General rosecrans, troops were promptly placed in position to our left, and our lines withdrawn to the margin of the woods, our flank covered by a strong force of cavalry. The prompt movements of our forces and the splendid maneuvering of the commander-in-chief defeated the designs of the enemy, and no further attack was made.

Leaving this position on the morning of the 2nd, by order of General Johnson, we were placed in an important position, so as to sustain the right center, or left, in case of a reverse to either.

In the evening a terrible assault was made upon our extreme left, and

