
Captain Dawson was especially distinguished for thrilling heroism and persistent courage. This officer, conspicuous in so many battles, and so well qualified, merits, and should receive, honorable promotion.

Adjutant Dubois, of the same regiment, deserves special mention for gallantry and good conduct.

The Forty-ninth Ohio sustained its high reputation, and, though it lost 10 officers, it faced the foe at every point. Captain Gray, as ranking officers, had charge of a portion of the regiment on the 31st, and proved himself brave, prudent, and competent for any command. Adjutant Norton was especially heroic, and excited general admiration by his inflexible courage and great activity. Both of these officers merit, and I hope will receive, promotion. Captains McCormack and Tyler were ever active, brave, and self-possessed in the midst of dangers, and showed themselves worthy and competent to command.

The splendid conduct of the Thirty-second Indiana fully sustained its claims to confidence. Every officer and man did his duty heroically. Lieutenant-Colonel Erdelmeyer, commanding, and Major Glass and Captain Mank were especially conspicuous throughout the long struggle.

Lieutenant-Colonel Hotchkiss, commanding Eighty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, deserves the highest praise for his coolness and skill in action. He drew off his men in good order, fighting as he withdrew, and showed himself worthy of any command. This gallant officer has given to the service one of its best regiments, and has justly earned promotion. Major Hall and Captain Whiting, brave and valuable officers, I regret to say, were made prisoners. All the officers and men of this regiment did their duty promptly, and earned the confidence of their companions in arms. Captain Williams, commanding during the illness of Lieutenant-Colonel Hotchkiss, is an efficient and competent officer.

The Thirty-ninth Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Jones commanding, fought with desperation and terrible effect. Its list of casualties shows that where it moved the battle raged most fierce. Men could not have evinced greater courage and heroism. Captains McClelland, Cody, McCoy, Graham, and Captain Herring, acting major, merit the highest praise for their activity and energy. Lieutenant-Colonel Jones discharged his duties in the most gallant manner; ever active and brave, he rallied his men at every point, and yielded only before overwhelming numbers. He met the foe in hand-to-hand conflict, and owes his escape to the skillful use of his side-arms. I beg leave to urge the name of this most meritorious officer upon the Executive of his State for promotion.

I cannot too highly commend the good conduct of Lieutenants Belding, Scovill, and Day, of Battery A, First Ohio Artillery, and the men under their command. The loss of three guns was from no fault of any one. Lieutenant Belding did splendid execution upon the enemy's column, and proved himself worthy of a command. I cannot too strongly urge his promotion upon the Executive of Ohio.

Surgeons Kunkler, Park, Tuttle, Kelly, and Pitman, as well as Dr. Corey, hospital steward of the Forty-ninth Ohio, remained on the field and labored for days and nights, unaided, in caring for our wounded. For thus faithfully performing their duty, at the risk of maltreatment, and possibly captivity, they have secured the confidence and respect of this command.

On the evening of the 31st, Captain Schmitt, Lieutenants Green, Miles, and McGrath, of General Willich's staff, reported to me for duty, and in all the subsequent operations of the command these gallant officers

