
they and I in common held, having unexpectedly and rapidly retired, and my position just then receiving the brunt of the enemy's artillery and musketry fire, and my ammunition being exhausted, I retired my regiment, by the flank, to the rear, there replenishing my ammunition and resting my men, who had up to this time taken and delivered an unceasing fire for nearly five hours.

Later in the day, being informed of the position of the balance of the brigade, I at once rejoined them, when I was put in position on the right of the same, thus unitedly forming the second line of infantry [General Davis' division being in front] on the extreme right of the right wing, where we bivouacked that night without fires.

The operations of the regiment during the subsequent four days were in common with the brigade, and were not of a character to need form me particular mention, with the exception of the part taken by it on the night of Friday, January 2, when, under the command of Captain

Williams [myself being unable to take active command], it had the responsible position of guarding the ford and supporting Captain Stokes' [Chicago Board of Trade] battery, while the forces under General Negley made the successful charge upon the enemy's right.

The behavior of the officers and men during this period, particularly in the trying action of the 31st, was, in steadiness and bravery, all that could be required by any commander. This phrase fully expresses my estimate of their conduct: "Every man that day did his duty." Where bravery and obedience were so general it is difficult for me to make personal discrimination; but among my non-commissioned officers I particularly commend, for their gallantry in rallying to my colors fugitives from other commands, Sergt. Major John M. Farquhar and Sergt. Erastus O. Young, of Company A; also Capt. Button G. Cody, of the Thirty-ninth Indiana, and Lieutenant Seifert, of the Thirty-second Indiana, who tendered their services to me on the field and fought gallantly in my ranks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. HOTCHKISS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Capt. CARL SCHMITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 36. Report of Lieut. Col. Frank Erdelmeyer, Thirty-second Indiana Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTY-SECOND INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 7, 1863.

SIR: I respectfully submit to you the official report of the part taken by the Thirty-second Indiana Volunteers in the late battle at Murfreesborough and in the events of the days preceding.

The regiment left camp, near Mill Creek, on the morning of December 26, 1862, and marched to Nolensville.

On the 27th, the regiment advanced to Triune.

On the 28th, having the advance guard of the brigade, participated in a reconnaissance toward Shelbyville.

On the 29th, we left Triune, crossing over to within 4 miles of Murfreesborough.

