
Our loss was terrible. We had 31 killed, including 1 lieutenant; 118 wounded, including 2 lieutenants, and 231 missing, including 1 captain and 1 lieutenant. Of those reported missing, I have reason to believe that very many are wounded, though, perhaps, slightly.

How well the regiment fought let the above fearful list proclaim. Over 30 fell behind the fence D, while opposed to ten times their number, yet no man left his post until ordered. Lieutenant Neal, acting adjutant, fell here. No truer gentleman, no better soldier or braver man belongs to the great patriot army. He fell at his post doing his duty. He is no longer with us, but his name is in his country's history and his memory is enshrined in; the hearts of us all who knew him well. Lieutenant Leavell was also wounded while in the discharge of his duty. He is a brave man and good officer. Most of the company officers acted manfully.

I am under obligations to Captains McCoy, McClelland, Cody, and Graham, Lieutenants Foote, Stanley, Mitchell, Clark, Hamilton, and Scott for efficient and timely aid. Of Capt. Thomas Herring, acting major, I cannot say too much in his praise. He was always at the post of danger, brave and cool, aiding here in rallying the men and there in directing the fire, so as to make it most effective. He deserves well of his directing the fire, so as to make it most effective. He deserves well of his regiment and his country. Private James Gray, of Company E, behaved nobly. No commissioned officer did more that day to rally the men than he did. He deserves promotion. Sergeants Boyer, Jones, Crozier, Noah W. Downs, Daniel Wilkins, and Mart Mollihan are also worthy of mention. Asst. Surg. John Gray did everything mortal man could do in caring for the wounded, and richly merits the deepest gratitude of the regiment and friends of the wounded.

On January 1, 1863, the Forty-ninth Ohio and Thirty-ninth Indiana were consolidated, at the request of the Forty-ninth Indiana were consolidated, at the request of Colonel Gibson, commanding brigade, and the request of the officers of the Forty-ninth. I assumed command of the two.

My command took an important part in the maneuvering in the right wing on January 1, and also in the bayonet charge of the brigade on the evening of January 1, and also in the bayonet charge of the brigade on the evening of January 2. In this charge the men were in excellent spirits, and never in the history of the two regiments did they fight with greater desperation than on that night. Three men of the Forty-ninth Ohio were wounded by shells thrown from the enemy's batteries.

My thanks are due to Captains Hays, Gray, and Tyler; also to Lieutenant Kessler and Adjt. C. A. Norton. Their untiring energy and zeal aroused the drooping spirits of the men, and excited enthusiasm out of despondency.

Very respectfully,

F. A. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Thirty-ninth Indiana.

Capt. CARL SCHMITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 38. Report of Col. William Wallace, Fifteenth Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. FIFTEENTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, January 7, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with orders from Colonel Gibson, commanding brigade, I have the honor to report to you the part taken by the Fifteenth

