
I can but express my heartfelt thanks to my staff for their conduct on the field- firm, cool, energetic, and fearless, their assistance was invaluable. Capt. D. C. Wagner, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain E. P. Edsall, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieut. I. C. McElfatrick, topographical engineer, and Lieutenants Baldwin and Walker, aides, were untiring in their efforts to rally the troops, and to their exertions the whole right wing of the army is, in my opinion, indebted.

Dr. George W. Hewitt, acting brigade surgeon, was untiring in his exertions in behalf of the wounded, and was captured while at his post by the enemy, as was also Dr. Hostetter, of the Thirty-fourth Illinois, Dr. Keen, of the Twenty-ninth Indiana, and Dr. McAllister, of the Seventy-ninth Illinois, were all taken where a surgeon should be in time of action, attending to the duties of their profession. While in the enemy's lines they were engaged night and day in taking care of our wounded. They have been released since, and their horses retained by the enemy, in pursuance, as they report, of order of General Wharton. Surgeon Downey, of the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania, was fortunately spared, were so unfortunate as to require the attention of a surgeon.

The medical department of this brigade was in splendid condition, thanks to Dr. Hewitt and division medical director, Dr. Marks, and, notwithstanding our loss in surgeons, the wounded were well cared for.

Chaplain Bradshaw, Seventy-ninth Illinois, and Chaplain Decker, of the Thirty-fourth Illinois, exposed themselves in the most fearless manner in taking care of the wounded, taking them off the field, &amp;c., and proved themselves to be well worthy, at least, of the positions they occupy.

This brigade met with a serious loss, in the person of General Kirk, early in the engagement. He fell at the head of his brigade, trying manfully to resist and repel the overwhelming force thrown against it.

Accompanying, please find a summary of killed, wounded, and missing of this command. The missing are, a large majority of them, I fear, wounded and in the hands of the enemy; also, please find reports of regimental commanders of this brigade and complete list, by name, of casualties.

Respectfully submitted.

J. B. DODGE,

Colonel Thirtieth Indiana, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain BARTLETT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Excuse me for calling the attention of the general commanding to a gallant charge made by the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania, while they were separated from this brigade, and were acting in concert with a brigade in Brig. Gen. J. C. Davis' division. A battery in possession of the enemy made its appearance directly in their front and opened upon them. Lieutenant-Colonel Housum immediately ordered a charge upon it, which was obeyed instantly by his command. The cannoneers were either killed or wounded, the horses disabled, so they could not move back. The Seventy-seventh had possession of Captain Edgarton's battery, which the enemy had brought along with them, for a few moments, but before they could do anything more than compel the enemy to spike the guns, a heavy force of infantry made its appearance in their front and flank, and they were compelled to retire, during which movement Lieutenant-Colonel Housum was mortally wounded.

