
they got mixed up with the First Brigade, and were carried too far to the left, where many of them were taken prisoners.

I rallied some 50 of my men, and made a stand behind a rail fence, about three-quarters of a mile from where I formed my first line, and opened a destructive fire on a regiment of cavalry that was bearing down upon us, but, finding it impossible to hold that position, I had to fall back to near the pike, when I was ordered to assist our train with what few men I had left.

January 1, what was left of my regiment was put in with the Thirtieth Indiana, and took part with that regiment, under the command of Captain Hostetter, Company I, Thirty-fourth Illinois Volunteers, I being sick and unfit for duty. They were engaged in skirmishing from behind breastworks that were erected.

January 2, they were engaged the same as on the 1st, and on the 3rd the same routine of duty. The Thirty-fourth Illinois lost no one killed or wounded after the battle of December 31, 1862.

I need not particularize the services of any officers under my command, for both officers and men did their duty nobly; although being compelled to retreat, they stood firm till we were overwhelmed by superior numbers.

I attach a list of killed, wounded, and missing.* Many of the missing, I have no doubt, are wounded and in the hands of the enemy.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

ALEXANDER P. DYSART,

Major, Commanding Thirty-fourth Illinois Volunteers.

Capt. D. C. WAGNER,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Second Brigade, Second Division.

No. 41. Report of Major Allen Buckner, Seventy-ninth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTY-NINTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, In the Field, near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that the Seventy-ninth Regiment Illinois Volunteers left camp, near Nashville, on December 26, under command of Col. S. P. Read, for Murfreesborough, via Nolensville, but was not in action until Wednesday, December 31.

This regiment was detailed on the morning of the 30th as rear guard of the division train, and at night encamped on the right and to the rear of the brigade, as ordered, throwing out a strong line of skirmishers to the front and right.

On the morning of the 31st the men were under arms at daylight, about which time the brigade was attacked in front by such a heavy force that it began to fall back. Colonel Read requested that I should go forward and learn of Colonel Dodge, who was then in command of the brigade, General Kirk having been wounded, what he should do. I did so, and told him that the Seventy-ninth was ready and waiting to do anything it could. He directed me to tell Colonel Read to hurry the regiment forward as soon as possible, which was done, he bravely leading his men on to the field amid a destructive fire from the enemy. The regiment marched up on the double-quick until it arrived on the right of the Thirtieth Indiana, becoming the right of the brigade, and

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.208.

---------------

