
train back to Nashville, and left camp, following, in the order of march, the Thirtieth Indiana and Thirty-fourth Illinois. The divisions of Generals Davis and Sheridan preceded the Second, and in the skirmishing with the enemy on the road and near Nolensville we had not an opportunity to take a part.

On the 27th, the Second Division and Second Brigade were the advance forces, and in regular order the Twenty-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers followed the Thirty-fourth Illinois. We had not marched over 1 mile when sharp skirmishing was heard ahead, between our cavalry and that of the enemy. Pushing rapidly forward to the summit of a ridge, beyond which the skirmish was going on, we became exposed to the fire of a masked battery of the enemy, which opened on the head of the column, with shot and shell.

Advantage was taken by Generals Johnson and Kirk of a cedar thicket, covering this ridge, to move the Thirty-fourth Illinois and Twenty-ninth Indiana to the left of the road and toward the enemy. Orders were immediately given by General Kirk to Colonels Bristol and Dunn to throw out skirmishers to cover their regiments, the Thirty-fourth Illinois and Twenty-ninth Indiana, which were drawn up in line of battle in front of the thicket, but in an open field.

The skirmishers, being ordered forward, moved over the ground just wrested from the enemy by our cavalry, until they reached the top of another ridge, divided by a narrow valley from the rebel battery. Here we were ordered to halt, to await the issue of an artillery duel between it and Captain Edgarton's battery [E, First Ohio Artillery], attached to the Second Brigade, as well as the lifting of a dense fog, which rendered a hasty movement to the front extremely perilous.

When objects at a distance could be distinctly seen, and the rebel battery silenced, we were again ordered forward, without seeing the enemy, until we had reached a hill overlooking the town of Triune. Large bodies of rebel cavalry were posted in the town and in our front, on the left of the road, about three-quarters of a mile distant. Our artillery was again brought into action, leaving us the privilege of witnessing the hurried retreat of both bodies of the rebels.

When we next advanced they moved their cannon toward us and plied the advancing regiments with shot, shell, and grape-shot. Supporting their artillery we discovered a large force of dismounted cavalry, posted on a hill covered with timber, whole leaden compliments attracted our attention. The skirmishers were ordered forward on double-quick, but the torrent of rain which poured down on us had made their clothing and the plowed field so heavy that the efforts of the men at double quick were painful and almost futile. They pushed on, however, as rapidly as possible, and by a well-directed fire drove the rebels from the woods, and prevented them again forming within rifle range.

The rebel artillery retreated toward Triune, taking advantage of every rise of ground to check our advance, until the skirmishers of the Twenty-ninth Indiana had almost secured a position in the woods to the rebel right, from which the capture of the rebel guns was perfectly feasible, when the bugle again sounded a halt, and the rebels moved off rapidly. Forward once more, and the line of skirmishers had reached the top of another ridge and halted, leaving the reserve at its base, when we were surprised by the sudden appearance of a regiment of rebel cavalry on our left, within 20 yards, and moving leisurely to the front. I ordered the reserve to wheel to the left and fire, which was heard by the rebels, who instantly quickened their pace to a gallop, but were unable to pass in time to save their entire column. Several were seen to reel in their saddles,

