
rebels, and only fell back when overpowered, leaving some of his men killed and wounded. Situated as our regiment was, we dare not fire lest we kill our own men, whom we could not see, from which circumstance we were obliged to receive the storm of bullets without a response; and the resistance of our skirmishers under Lieutenants Gregory, Hess, and Macomber was so obstinate that the rebel column had advanced within 20 yards of our line before they received a shot from us.

Our first fire, delivered lying down, partially checked the advance, and enabled the men to load and fire four or five times; but while engaged in front, the column which pressed on the Thirty-fourth Illinois and the battery had moved so far forward as to uncover our line, giving them the opportunity to deliver a raking fire upon us. The troops on our right had fallen back, and Lieutenant-Colonel Dunn considered that the peril of his situation demanded a retreat. We fell back about 80 rods, and formed behind a corn-field the rebels were pushing vigorously; but as no other troops appeared ready to sustain the shock, the regiment was moved some rods farther to a piece of woods, where we took our position in line of battle.

The Thirtieth Indian now made its appearance from a corn-field in front and to our left, and, moving still farther to the left, took position behind a fence facing the advancing enemy, who had not yet emerged from the woods at that point. To gain a position beside the Thirtieth Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Dunn moved by the flank, under cover of the woods, until directly in its rear, but 40 rods distant, when a section of Simonson's battery came up and unlimbered directly in our front.

The rebel infantry now poured into and through the corn-field, meeting with obstinate resistance from the Thirtieth Indiana and Seventy-ninth Illinois, and the artillery, which the Twenty-ninth now supported. Here we lost Capt. Frank Stebbins, Company G, who was struck by a 12-pound ball in the thigh, causing his death very soon. He had bravely led his men, and by his own conduct inspired them with courage and daring.

Up to this time we had the discreet and tried leadership of Lieutenant-Colonel Dunn, and the valuable assistance of Captain Jenkins, acting field officer; but the former got separated and cut off from the regiment, and the latter, going a short distance to the rear for ambulances to carry off our wounded, of whom we had a great number, was also cut off from us. We did not see Lieutenant-Colonel Dunn again, nor Captain Jenkins until the afternoon; but both, we heard, were busy rallying the runaways and stragglers at the pike and railroad, until the former was taken prisoner, and the latter had turned over his men to their respective regiments.

The artillery limbered up, moved to the rear, passing General Davis' division hospital, which we followed until we reached the wood near the hospital, where we found the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania, under Captain Rose, in line of battle. I at once formed the Twenty-ninth on its right to await the rebel onset. All seemed pushing to the rear, and, finding our shattered forces unsupported, we again formed our line, having the Ninety-third Ohio on the right, and, I believe, a Kentucky regiment on the left. The artillery did not halt here, and before any enemy appeared in front we found our small force flanked on the right by rebel infantry and cavalry, and on the left by an unknown force.

Again we moved leisurely back to a point designated by General Johnson as one suitable to make a stand. This was on the elevated ground west of the pike, on the east side of which we saw a large force

