
of Federal troops congregated. Colonel Dodge, Thirtieth Indiana, now commanding our brigade, placed us in position in a thicket, our left resting on the section of artillery planted on the most elevated point, and supported on the right by the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania, its right resting on the woods.

Sharp cannonading ensued; but a few minutes' hot work satisfied our artillerists that they could not contend with two batteries and hold their position. They retired to the pike. Colonel Dodge now directed us along the woods to the road, where we again formed our line. The yells of the rebels coming through the cedar woods became plainer and plainer. The balls rained among us. When within range and in sight, the order to advance was given by Colonel Dodge. With a yell, the line rushed forward, determined to stop the sweeping tide or die. This very unexpected attack on the victorious column entirely changed the aspect of affairs. For the first time that day it was checked. It tried to withstand the withering fire, but soon gave way; at first slowly, but, as our line rushed on, the retreat became a rout. We still pushed on rapidly, few in numbers, but determined, with orders not to waste ammunition, and followed the running horde until every cartridge was expended, when Colonel Dodge, after great exertions, got other troops to take our places. We fell back to the railroad for ammunition, when intelligence was brought that our rear, in the vicinity of the hospitals and train, was threatened by cavalry.

To repel this attack we were marched to a point near the hospitals, where we stood in line half an hour; but no enemy appearing, we again moved to the railroad. After this our force changed its position, as the heavy fire indicated a bloody contest, but we were not again under fire. At night we bivouacked on the pike.

Morning brought with it signs of a renewal of yesterday's fight, and we were placed in position on the edge of the cedar grove, nearest the enemy's line, where the men at once went to work securing their position with breastworks and abatis. The Twenty-ninth had no share in any of the ensuing contests, and was entirely occupied on picket duty, and standing to arms on every alarm to resist any attack on our line.

Volunteers were called for to drive the enemy's skirmishers into the woods and burn some log-houses, in which their sharpshooters found shelter and excellent positions to annoy us. Among the number were several of the Twenty-ninth Indiana, one of whom was killed.

Nothing further of importance occurred, unless I mention the fatigue duty performed by details from this regiment, which succeeded in finding and burying our dead and all our wounded, except those who fell into the enemy's hands.

I cannot close without paying a tribute of praise, well merited and proudly given, to the officers and men of my command, who, Spartan-like, rallied at every call around our glorious old flag, and who would not desert it when all around looked dark and hope had almost fled. Allow me to mention, with feelings of extreme gratification, the names of those who nobly did their duty:

First, Adjutant Coffin, who, exposed more than any other, carrying orders to different parts of the line, never once quailed before the storm. He is an excellent officer, fearless, prompt, and deserving of the highest praise.

Captains Stebbins, Jenkins, and McCaslin Moore. First Lieutenants Melendy, who, though wounded, would not leave until trampled by cavalry; N. P. Dunn, who stuck to the flag, severely wounded, until forced by his companions to retire to a hospital; A. Dunlap, J. E. Houghton, G. W. Maloon, T. J. Henderson, and Hess; also Second Lieutenants S. O. Gregory,

