
commanding Company C, and Hess, commanding Company B, directed the skirmishers; Irenus McGowan, C. P. Butler, William H. H. McDonald, John Cutler, Macomber, and O. C. Sabin.

While the storm raged without, Surgeon Keen and Rev. Mr. Shaw, chaplain, were busy dressing wounds and doing all they could to alleviate the sufferings of our wounded. Assistant Surgeon Griffith, hospital steward, and corps were elsewhere engaged, but all were busy with their duties. I would not pass over the names of the non-commissioned officers, who, with very few exceptions, were heroes in the fight, giving a noble example to the men, and assisting very materially in maintaining order and discipline; but this report is already too long, and I close.

Accompanying this is a list of casualties.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. COLLINS,

Major, Commanding Twenty-ninth Indiana Volunteers.

Capt. D. C. WAGNER,

A. A. A. G.,2nd Brig.,2nd Div., Right Wing, 14th Army Corps.

No. 43. Report of Lieut. Col. Orrin D. Hurd, Thirtieth Indiana Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS THIRTIETH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 7, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with circular dated January 7, issued from Headquarters Second Division, requiring a minute statement from regimental commanders of the operations of their respective regiments, including casualties, I have the honor to report that on Friday, December 26, 1862, this regiment, under command of Col. J. B. Dodge, left camp, near Nashville, Tenn., marched half a mile south of Nolensville, where we encamped for the night.

Next morning, December 27, the Second Brigade being in advance, we left camp at sunrise, and moved in the same direction on the turnpike as day previous. After advancing 1 1/2 miles we were ordered into line of battle to support Captain Edgarton's battery, in which manner we moved 3 or 4 miles, and until dark, when we were ordered out on outpost picket.

On the next day, December 28, after being relieved from picket, we remained in camp without any actual service.

On December 29, we moved back toward Nashville 2 miles and took a cross-road leading toward Murfreesborough, and, after moving 6 miles, encamped for the night.

On December 30, we moved toward Murfreesborough 3 miles, when we were ordered off to the right, and, after throwing forward two companies each from the right and left flanks as skirmishers, moved forward 1 mile in line of battle, and bivouacked for the night in a cedar thicket.

On the morning of December 31, the enemy moved upon us in force about daylight, driving in our pickets, making it necessary for us to fall back or move out by the flank to the right; the latter movement was made with the loss of 1 man, slightly, and 1 mortally, wounded, except upon the picket line, which, being doubled during the night by two additional companies, to insure vigilance and safety, suffered

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.208.

---------------

