
as it saved our ammunition train and secured for our forces an important position. From the break of day until 12 m. our regiment was under constant fire, and terribly our ranks were thinned. At night our regiment went on picket.

January 1, 1863, we remained under arms on the crest of the hill, where we ended our final charge on the 1st. A heavy battle was fought on our left, in which we took no part. In the evening we went on picket. A heavy skirmish took place immediately in front of our line.

January 3, still remained under arms in our old position. At night, in the midst of the rain, the last final struggle was made, in which we took no part.

During this great battle our little regiment did no discredit to the old Keystone State. Officers and men stood up and did their duty nobly. Among those noted for conspicuous valor I must mention Adjt. S. T. Davis, who rendered me invaluable assistance throughout the battle; also Capt. F. S. Pyfer, Company K; Capt. William A. Robinson, Company E; Capt. A. Phillips, Company G, and Capt. J. J. Lawson, Company C, all of whom cheered and encouraged their men throughout the battle with a coolness which belongs to none but veteran officers. That our line never broke shows that our men fought like veterans.

We went into action with 288 men. We lost, in killed, 5, including Lieutenant-Colonel Housum; in wounded, 29, including 1 commissioned officer; missing, 29, including 2 commissioned officers. Total, 63. Of those missing the greater part are either killed or taken prisoners.

I must not forget to mention the valuable services and noble conduct of Dr. Downey, the assistant surgeon of our regiment. He remained with us throughout the battle, and displayed the most indomitable energy and courage in attending to our wounded, and in superintending the whole medical department, which came within his sphere.

I regret to say that, notwithstanding the great valor displayed by our regiment as a body, there were some miserable cowards who skulked away during the excitement of the battle, and left their comrades to perform their duty. I have carefully obtained their names and rank, however, and shall forward them without delay.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

TOM. ELLWOOD ROSE,

Captain, Comdg. Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Capt. D. C. WAGNER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

No. 45. Report of Col. Philemon P. Baldwin, Sixth Indiana Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIG., SECOND DIV., RIGHT WING, In Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 8, 1863.

I have the honor to submit a report of the operations of this brigade from the time of its leaving camp, December 26, until Saturday, January 3.

This brigade moved with the division, and on the 27th was engaged

