
in the skirmishing about Triune. I deployed the First Ohio and the Sixth Indiana on the right of the road, these regiments being supported by the Ninety-third Ohio and Louisville Legion, the battery taking post on the road, and later in the day being posted near the right of my line. We drove the enemy and bivouacked beyond Triune.

This brigade remained at Triune to cover the extreme right, in obedience to your order, and rejoined the division, on the 30th, in the woods to the right of Wilkinson's pike, about 3 miles from Murfreesborough.

At 2 o'clock this brigade moved off 2 miles to the right, to support a cavalry reconnaissance, Colonel Anderson's regiment being sent forward to support the cavalry, while the remainder of the brigade was held in reserve at a point on the Salem pike.

The brigade returned to the woods, near the headquarters of the division, after dark, and bivouacked there.

At daybreak next morning I was informed by stragglers, who were running across the open field in my front, of the attack on Generals Willich's and Kirk's brigades.

I immediately ordered the brigade under arms, and proceeded to form line of battle in the edge of timber facing the large open fields over which I knew the enemy must come to attack me.

I deployed the Louisville Legion on the right, and was proceeding to post the First Ohio in the center, and the Sixth Indiana on the left, holding the Ninety-third Ohio in reserve, to protect either flank, when your ordered me to move the First Ohio across the open field and post it at the fence. The Sixth Indiana was moved forward and posted in the edge of a skirt of timber to the left of the First Ohio, the Thirtieth Indiana and Seventy-ninth Illinois being posted on the right; a section of the Fifth Indiana Battery was posted between the First Ohio and Sixth Indiana. The Louisville Legion moved to within supporting distance of the First Ohio, and the Ninety-third Ohio held in reserve in the woods near the edge of the field.

These dispositions were scarcely made when the enemy, in immense masses, appeared in my front at short range, their left extending far beyond the extreme right of my line. My infantry and artillery poured a destructive fire into their dense masses, checking them in front, but their left continued to advance against my right. Here four pieces that Captain Simonson had posted near the woods, in rear of my first line, poured in a terrible fire; but the enemy came in such overwhelming numbers that, after half an hour's stubborn resistance, my line was compelled to retire, not, however, until the enemy had flanked my right and were pouring in an enfilading fire. Had my line stood a moment longer it would have been entirely surrounded and captured. Falling back to the edge of the woods, I endeavored to make a stand. I moved the Ninety-third Ohio up to the left of the Louisville Legion, but my line was again forced back, almost before I had got the Ninety-third in position. Ordering Colonel Anderson to retire in good order, I succeeded, after making several short stands in the woods, in forming the brigade near the railroad. Under your orders I took position on the right of the Nashville pike, together with the rest of the division, and held it during the succeeding skirmishers, throwing up a breastwork of logs, rails, &amp;c.

Nothing occurred here but unimportant skirmishing, sometimes quite warm, but always resulting in our driving the enemy. A house about 300 yards from our line was held by the enemy's skirmishers, who annoyed us exceedingly by their fire. It was captured and burned by two companies of the Louisville Legion, after a severe fight.

