
Too great praise cannot be awarded to the regiments of this brigade and Simonson's battery for the coolness and steadiness with which they resisted the attacks of an overwhelming force, and the readiness with which they rallied and formed again when the enemy had broken their lines. The Louisville Legion gallantly drew off by hand a disabled gun, belonging to Cotter's battery.

It may be proper for me to state here, with reference to the line formed in the woods after leaving the open field, that I am informed by reliable officers that the line could have been held had not the right been ordered to fall back by some general not known to the writer.

I beg leave to refer you to the accompanying reports of regimental and battery commanders for details.

Col. Charles Anderson, commanding Ninety-third Ohio; Lieut. Col. W. W. Berry, commanding Louisville Legion; Lieut. Col. H. Tripp, commanding Sixth Indiana; MajorJ. A. Stafford, commanding First Ohio, and Capt. P. Simonson, commanding Fifth Indiana Battery, displayed the greatest coolness, courage, and skill in the management of their respective commands.

Colonel Anderson and Lieutenant-Colonel Berry were wounded early in the engagement of Wednesday, but refused to leave the field.

Captain Simonson's battery did good service, and was handled bravely and skillfully. Two pieces, under command of Lieutenant Rankin, did effective service in my first line, he continuing to work his guns after being severely wounded. I regret to report the loss of two pieces of the battery, owing to the horses all being killed and the gunners disabled.

I am indebted to Lieut. G. H. Burns, acting assistant adjutant-general, for his valuable assistance, and also to Lieutenant Patterson, First Ohio, and Adjt. J. J. Siddall, for their coolness and readiness in transmitting orders to the hottest parts of the field.

Dr. E. S. Swain, the brigade surgeon, remained with the wounded after the enemy drove us back, and rendered every assistance in his power.

I append a list of killed, wounded, and missing, amounting to 56 killed, 242 wounded, and 137 missing.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. BALDWIN,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Brig. Gen. R. W. JOHNSON,

Commanding Second Division.

No. 46. Report of Lieut. Col. Hagerman Tripp, Sixth Indiana Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS SIXTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, In Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 4, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the skirmish fight on the 27th; also in the battle of the 31st ultimo.

On the morning of the 27th, while on the march, some 2 1/2 miles north of the village of Triune, on the Nolensville pike, we encountered the enemy near the intersection of the Bole Jack road and pike. I immediately deployed in line of battle on the right of the road, my left resting

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.209.

---------------

