
on the road, being supported on my right by the First Ohio and the Ninety-third Ohio in reserve. I at once advanced, as skirmishers, Company A, Captain Kavanaugh, and Company B, Lieutenant McGannon commanding, when a running fight commenced, Captain Simonson, of the Fifth Indiana Artillery, shelling the enemy from the hill tops, being energetically replied to by the enemy's guns. The fight continued until we arrived at Triune, where the rebels made a stand, when we charged double-quick their battery, and drove them from the field. We pursued them some 2 miles, they contesting each rod of ground, when they again made a stand. We again drove them from their position, in precipitate retreat. Night coming on put an end to our day's labor.

I cannot speak in too high terms of commendation of the gallantry of the officers and men of my command during the entire day. When we consider that for eight hours they fought under the hardest rain of the season and mud to the ankles, pressing forward to the mark of their high calling with the utmost cheerfulness, their endurance was worthy the highest commendation.

On the 30th we marched from Triune to the field which was to be the scene of the battle of Murfreesborough, a distance of 16 miles, where we arrived at 5 p.m., when we were at once sent some 2 1/2 miles to the right of the right wing of the army. Being informed that the enemy were in too large force to enable us to maintain our position, we returned at 9 o'clock to the position first taken.

At 7 a.m. on the 31st I was posted in line of battle behind a rail fence, my right resting on an open field; a stalk-field in front, extending far to my left; a wood in rear, and also extending to my left. On my right, some 75 yards to the front, was a section of Simonson's Fifth Indiana Battery. To the right of it lay the First Ohio, behind a fence; also, on my right, some 75 yards to rear, lay the Louisville Legion, also securely posted behind a fence, the whole supported by the Ninety-third Ohio, Colonel Anderson. I promptly deployed as skirmishers the first platoons of Company A, Captain Kavanaugh, and Company B, Lieutenant McGannon commanding. Some half an hour after, my skirmishers returned, being driven in by the enemy, their skirmishers in close pursuit. A few shots from my line served to hold them in check, when their main line advanced, deployed column after column, making some four or five lines approaching our front. When within 100 yards I ordered my men to fire, and they went at it with a right good will, it having been difficult to restrain them so long. Our fire caused the enemy to waver, and checked their advance. They were not idle, but threw upon us their leaden hail, which caused my men to hug closer their frail defense, delivering their fire with the steadiness of veterans. At this time the artillery ceased on my right, and in a few minutes the First Ohio gave way and fell back on the Louisville Legion, which in turn also fell back before an overwhelming force of the enemy, which was passing my right flank in line of battle, their right passing within 50 yards of the right of my regiment, which produced some unsteadiness in one or two companies on my right, they getting out of place for the purpose of firing into the enemy's flank as they passed. I promptly rallied them to the fence. In the mean time the line in front had advanced to within 25 yards of my line. A rebel regiment had crossed the fence on my left. Those advancing on the First Ohio and Louisville Legion, on my right, were already some 100 yards to my rear, and, being closely pressed in front, I gave the order to "Fall back slowly and in good order," which was executed at a double-quick.

At one time I had some wavering in ranks in consequence of some

