
unauthorized person giving an order to fall back to the men instead of to me, but I rallied them without difficulty and continued the fight. I formed the regiment in line, faced about, intending to renew the fight; but seeing General McCook, reported to him for orders. He ordered me to "march my regiment to the rear," which I did, hauling up on the Nashville pike, thence to the railroad, when I reported to you.

On the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd instant my command bore a full share of the skirmish fighting on our part of the line. The particulars need not be mentioned here.

I would do violence to my own feelings did I close this report without mentioning the good conduct and soldierly bearing of the men of my command. To the company officers I am greatly indebted for the steadiness of their several companies. I would be glad to name some of them, but where all have so ably done their duty it would be invidious to do so. I must, however, acknowledge the able, prompt, and energetic assistance I received from Major C. D. Campbell throughout the engagement.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. TRIPP,

Lieutenant-Colonel Sixth Indiana Volunteers.

Col. P. P. BALDWIN,

Commanding Third Brigade.

No. 47. Reports of Lieut. Col. William W. Berry, Fifth Kentucky Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS LOUISVILLE LEGION, FIFTH REGIMENT KENTUCKY VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, In Camp, January 8, 1863.

SIR: Having been called upon to furnish a report of the operations of my command from December 26, 1862, to January 4, 1863, inclusive, I have the honor to submit the following:

On the morning of December 26, 1862, being on picket duty with my regiment, I received orders to join the column marching southward on the Nolensville road. We reached Nolensville at 3 o'clock the next morning.

At daylight of the 27th I was ordered forward, and marching 3 miles we found the enemy, with some artillery, prepared to obstruct our march. We were thrown out on the right of the road, and immediately pushed at them, but they fell back to a new position; and this was repeated time and again throughout the day, until we reached a point 1 mile south of Triune. We traversed in line of battle this day some 4 or 5 miles of country, made up of corn and cotton fields, thickets, swamps, and woods. I sustained no loss in this skirmish.

Sunday morning, December 28, I was ordered to support General Willich in a reconnaissance. No enemy was found, and we returned to camp.

On Monday, General McCook's command having moved off toward Murfreesborough, distant some 15 miles, we were left near Triune to prevent the enemy interrupting the march of the main column.

Here we remained till the morning of the 30th, when we marched off

---------------

*List of casualties, here omitted, embodied in revised statement, p.208.

---------------

