
Among the latter were 7 commissioned officers, viz: Lieutenant Col. W. W. Berry, shot through the wrist; Major John L. Treanor, wounded by a shell in the thigh; Capt. A. H. Speed, wounded in the abdomen; Capt. L. P. Lovett, slightly, in the thigh; First Lieut. Frank Dissell, mortally; First Lieut. John D. Sheppard, seriously, through the left lung, and First Lieut. William H. Powell, slightly, in the shoulder, and 26 missing. Some of these, I am mortified to say, ran away at the first fire. Their names shall be duly reported.

During the engagement my color-bearer was shot, and down went the flag, but like lightning it gleamed aloft again in the hands of three men, struggling who should have it. Their names are John B. Scheible, Company E; Charles Fleckhammer, jr., Company H, and Sergt. John Baker, Company D. The latter bore it throughout the remainder of the day. Private William Shumaker, of Company G, was badly shot through the thigh, but persisted in fighting with the regiment till he was forced to the rear by order of his captain. I commend him for his devotion. Sergeant-Major Willett deported himself most bravely, and deserves promotion. Adjutant Johnstone rendered me every assistance in his power, and I especially thank him.

On the morning of January 1, I received orders to move farther to the front. There was no general advance of our lines, though constant skirmishing through the day. Captain Thomasson had command of the skirmish line, and by his adroitness was mainly instrumental in the capture of 95 prisoners. The enemy held a dense wood about 300 yards in front of us, in the edge of which were some cabins occupied by sharpshooters. I proposed to push forward my skirmishers and dislodge them, provided those on my right and left were simultaneously advanced. This, though ordered, was not done, and I did not deem it safe to expose my flank; but toward evening the fire of these riflemen became so annoying that I was determined, at any cost, to stop it. I ordered Captains Hurley and Lindenfelser to move with their companies directly upon the houses and burn them. Across the open fields they dashed, the enemy having every advantage in point of shelter. Captain Huston was then ordered to their support, and the place was literally carried by assault, the houses burned, and 5 of the enemy left dead upon the spot. This was the last we heard of the sharpshooters. The daring displayed by officers and men in this affair deserves especial consideration. But one man was hurt-Corporal Moneypenny, shot through the leg.

The skirmishing in which my command took part on the days succeeding this was of an uneventful character, and I forego the details.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. BERRY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Capt. WILLIAM MANGAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

No. 48. Report of Major Joab A. Stafford, First Ohio Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS, In Camp, January 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the recent battles and skirmishes about Murfreesborough.

On the morning of December 27, 1863, when about a mile below

