
In a short time after, I rallied a portion of my regiment, and meeting Captains Trapp and O'Connell, who had succeeded in doing the same [in all, amounting to about 100 men], I halted and formed a line. Here I was joined by a portion of the Ninety-third Ohio, under the command of Lieutenant Harman. I took command of the whole.

At this moment I received an order from General Johnson to proceed immediately to a certain point, but the guide missed the place, so I took a position on the left of a regiment [I do not know what regiment] which was hotly engaged with the enemy. Here I remained until I was ordered to fall in the rear of General Rousseau's division.

Soon after, Colonel Anderson, of the Ninety-third Ohio, came up and took command, and was ordered to proceed in the direction of the river; that we were needed there. Word soon came that our division was again forming on the left of the railroad running toward Nashville. I immediately proceeded to that point, where I found about 100 more men of my regiment, under command of their respective officers.

By your order, I again moved forward with the balance of our brigade to the support of another brigade, which was hotly contesting the ground we now occupied. After a short and severe fight the enemy were driven off, and with considerable fighting and skirmishing it has been held ever since.

The loss in my regiment is heavy, so far as heard from-8 non-commissioned officers and privates killed; 1 officer and 46 non-commissioned officers and privates wounded, and 81 missing; a partial list of which you have already received.

My officers and men behaved most gallantly, and I do not think there are any soldiers in the world that could have done better under the circumstances. I would most respectfully recommend for your favorable consideration Captains Kuhlman, Company B, acting field officer; Trapp, Company G; O'Connell, Company F; Pomeroy, Company E; Prentiss, Company H; Hooker, Company A, and Snodgrass, Company I; First Lieutenants Henry Dornbush, Company B, commanding, and George L. Hayward, Company D, commanding; Adjt. Samuel W. Davies, and Second Lieutenants Kuhlman, Company B, commanding Company C; R. B. Chappell, commanding Company K; Denny, Company G, and Varian, not yet assigned to any company. They are all justly entitled to the thanks of their superiors for their gallant conduct in the past few days. All have been engaged in the service since the breaking out of the rebellion; have been in several engagements, and proved themselves worthy the confidence reposed in them. A more gallant and braver set of officers never entered a field. I would also mention our surgeons, Drs. Wilson and Barr. They performed their duties faithfully and unflinchingly.

I had forgotten to mention that some time during the day a portion of my regiment, under Lieutenant Dornbush and Adjutant Davies, gallantly repulsed a charge of the enemy's cavalry, and drove them off altogether.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. STAFFORD,

Major First Regiment Ohio Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain BURNS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Brigade.

