
No. 49. Report of Col. Charles Anderson, Ninety-third Ohio Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS NINETY-THIRD OHIO REGIMENT, Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 5, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to your order, I beg leave to submit the following report:

At 1 o'clock on the morning of December 27, the regiment left Mill Creek for Nolensville, at which place we arrived at 4 a.m. We went into camp 1 mile south, on the Nolensville road.

At 7 a.m. took up our line of march. The brigade commenced skirmishing with the enemy about 4 miles south of Nolensville. We were then ordered to file to a field on the left of the Nolensville road, and were supports to the Sixth Indiana Volunteers. We marched in the above order until we arrived at Triune. Here quite a brisk skirmish ensued; but, as the enemy's cavalry retreated before us on the road to Eagleville, my regiment was not engaged. We went into camp on the farm of- Perkins at 4 p.m.

On the morning of the 28th, was ordered on picket, to relieve the Seventy-ninth Illinois Volunteers, Colonel Read commanding. Remained until 12 m. of the 29th, when the brigade was moved back a short distance beyond Triune.

Here we encamped until 7 a.m. of the 30th, when we started to join our division, which was encamped 3 miles northwest of Murfreesborough. Arrived at 3 p.m. We were then immediately ordered to report to General Stanley, chief of cavalry. After reporting to General Stanley, Company A, of my regiment, was deployed as skirmishers through a cotton field and drove in the rebel cavalry.

The regiment then advanced through cotton and corn fields and meadows some 1 1/2 miles, when we were drawn up in line of battle, and marched so nearly one-half mile, when a very large cavalry force was seen drawn up in line of battle. We advanced to a fence and commenced firing at them; but, the range being so great and our loads having been long wetted, our shots did no apparent execution.

We were then ordered to fall back, Stanley's cavalry covering our retreat. The rebel cavalry advanced a short distance, but made no demonstration. We were then ordered to go into the division encampment, at the intersection of the Murfreesborough road and a country road, crossing it about 2 miles from Murfreesborough. This we did; but, finding that our brigade had been in the mean time ordered to act as reserve of the First and Second Brigades, under advice of General Willich, I ordered up the regiment and marched it into the reserve camp, about 1 mile back and near General Johnson's headquarters, and remained in this camp all night.

Upon the attack by the enemy immediately in our front, a little before 7 a.m. on the 31st, the brigade was ordered out to re-enforce our front division lines. The other regiments having been placed in their several positions, the Ninety-third Ohio was ordered by myself to form line of battle upon the left of the Fifth Kentucky, in the rear of which it had marched. But this movement was arrested by an order from Colonel Baldwin, with an order for it to remain in its form of column, and to await further orders. This order was obeyed, and the regiment [with two slight changes in advance as the other regiments marched forward into the open field to the second positions] so remained, awaiting orders.

All this time the Ninety-third Ohio was in the wood of our encampment, parallel to the field in which the First Ohio and Fifth Kentucky

