
were marching and forming their lines, while the Sixth Indiana, in line of battle, occupied the fence at the head of this wood, and between it and the adjacent fields on the south. No further orders were given to the regiment, though twice asked for.

In the retreat, the First Ohio fell back from the second position in line of battle. When that event took place, and while the two regiments in the field were retreating back to their first position, I ordered and began a deployment of my skirmishers across the woods and extending from the left flank of these two regiments to the road on the east. While in the actual process of this movement, the colonel commanding the brigade intercepted it, and ordered the regiment to form in line of battle to the left flank of the two other regiment.

I ordered the skirmishers to rally on the right wing, which had not yet begun its deployment, and the colonel commanding the brigade then gave me orders, in person, to retreat. The regiment being still in line of battle, I ordered it to about-face, and to march in slow time. This order was executed for a little time in some regularity. The enemy poured into the woods and pressed on to our rear. The regiment, like the rest of the retreating troops, of course much increase its speed, so that by the time it passed out of the woods into the cotton-field to the northward the march had degenerated into a run.

At this point, and in the cotton-field, the men of my regiment suffered quite severely. Notwithstanding, however, the number of killed, wounded, and scattered, a small remnant of the Ninety-third Ohio was rallied with those of the division, and it may be from some other divisions, and formed in line of battle in the large woods, containing in all several hundred men.

This line was again faced to the front, and marched a short distance against the enemy, which by this time passed the cotton field, entered the woods, and were again flanking our right in very great force.

Another retreat having been ordered, this whole body of troops retreated once again, under the support of General Crittenden's wing.

No other event of special interest occurred in the regimental history of this day, except that several of its officers and many of its men, after being separated from the regiment, united themselves to other regiments, and fought gallantly during the subsequent conflict. Several of these men were thereby killed and wounded.

In a temporary absence from my regiment, in order to have two slight wounds looked at and dressed by a surgeon, the remnant of mine, with that of his regiment, was left with Major Stafford, of the First Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Upon rejoining my regiment, I received orders from Lieutenant-Colonel Michler, aide-de-camp of General Rosecrans, to form on the extreme right of the line of battle. This I did, and then rejoined the colonel commanding and what was left at that time of the brigade.

These little and trivial details seen to make a sufficient record of my regiment's share in these great proceedings. For a fuller statement of the various casualties to my command, I beg leave, respectfully, to refer to previous reports and this accompanying addendum.

Total number killed, as far as heard from, 12; total number wounded, as far as heard from, 45; total number missing up to date, 64.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES ANDERSON,

Commanding Ninety-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel BALDWIN,

Commanding Third Brigade.

