
gathering forage near Kimbrough's Mill. The Fifth Kentucky was thrown to the front, and left to protect the wagons foraging near Ham's house. The Third Indiana Cavalry, of two companies, under Captain Vanosdol, were ordered to the front, and here I would say that no men could have behaved better than those two companies, nor could any one have maneuvered them to better advantage than the captain in command. We had arrived upon the ground but a very short time before we were Colonel Barnes' report, forwarded herewith. Having filled as many ordered the two sections of artillery in advance of the train, and the First Ohio immediately in advance of the artillery. Hearing at this time pretty heavy firing of cannon in front, the Fifth Kentucky was ordered forward in rear of the First Ohio and the artillery, and Ninety-third Ohio having been left in the rear to protect the train, as well as the Ninety-seventh Ohio and Captain Vanosdol's cavalry. We had proceeded but a short distance toward camp before we discovered the enemy drawn up in pretty strong force before us. I ordered up one piece of artillery, and opened fire upon them. We were answered by artillery, but they soon gave way, upon which we proceeded on to camp, arriving there near sundown.

As to what happened in our rear about the time of our leaving for camp, I refer you to Colonel Anderson's report, who had command of the rear guard. As to the part taken by the First Ohio, I would refer you to report of Major Stafford, filed herewith.* On of my escort is missing; another had his horse wounded.

The conduct of the men and officers engaged would have satisfied the most exacting. I am indebted to my side, Lieutenant Harman, of the Ninety-third Ohio, for his energy and promptness in carrying all orders.

The only loss from the train of this division is one wagon of the battery, which was destroyed by ourselves, the mules having become unruly and broken the tongue.

H. M. BUCKLEY,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Brigade.

Captain STEARNS.

No. 3. Report of Colonel Charles Anderson, Ninety-third Ohio Infantry.

CAMP NEAR NASHVILLE, December 6, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to your order to take charge of the defense of the rear of the forage train, I halted my command this evening at about 3 o'clock parallel with, and close to, its rear. Whilst waiting in this position for the trains to move on, upon the top of the hill, a little west of the Franklin and Lebanon road, and southwest from the house of Mr. Ham, and above that of ---, I saw a number of the enemy, on foot, and led by three horsemen, rushing down the valley which lies to the north of my position, in a westerly direction. They made great clamor by shouting, and their purpose evidently was to intercept the train in its march homeward upon the slope of the hill, and at the bend of the road as it enters into the valley. I immediately ordered my regiment to

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

