
down or disabled, Captain Houghtaling wounded, and Lieutenant Taliaferro killed.

My division, alone and unbroken, made a gallant stand to protect the right flank of our army, being all that remained of the right wing. Had ammunition held out, I would not have fallen back, although such were my orders, if hard pressed. As it was, this determined stand of my troops gave time for a rearrangement of our lines.

The division mourns the loss of Sill, Schaefer, and Roberts. They were all instantly killed, and at the moment went their gallant brigades were charging the enemy. They were true soldiers, prompt and brave. On the death of these officers, respectively, Colonel Greusel, Thirty-sixth Illinois, took command of Sill's brigade, Lieutenant-Colonel Laiboldt, Second Missouri, of Schaefer's, and Colonel Bradley, Fifty-first Illinois, of Roberts' brigade. These of Roberts' brigade. These officers behaved gallantly throughout the day.

It is also my sad duty to record the death of Col. F. A. Harrington of the Twenty-seventh Illinois, who fell heroically leading his regiment to the charge.

I refer with pride to the splendid conduct, bravery, and efficiency of the following regimental commanders and the officers and men of their respective commands:

Col. F. T. Sherman, Eighty-eighth Illinois; Major F. Ehrler, Second Missouri; Lieut. Col. John Weber, Fifteenth Missouri; Capt. W. W. Barrett, Forty-fourth Illinois, wounded; Major W. A. Presson, Seventy-third Illinois, wounded; Major Silas Miller, Thirty-sixth Illinois, wounded and a prisoner; Capt. P. C. Olson, Thirty-sixth Illinois; Major E. C. Hibbard, Twenty-fourth Wisconsin; Lieut. Col. William B. McCreery, Twenty-first Michigan; Lieut. Col. N. H. Walworth, Forty-second Illinois; Lieut. Col. F. Sanwick, Twenty-second Illinois, wounded and a prisoner; Capt. Samuel Johnson, Twenty-second Illinois; Major W. A. Schmitt, Twenty-seventh Illinois; Captain Wescott, Fifty-first Illinois.

I respectfully bring to the notice of the general commanding the good conduct of Captain Hescock, chief of artillery, whose services were almost invaluable; also Captains Houghtaling and Bush, and the officers and men of their batteries.

Surg. D. J. Griffiths, medical director of my division, and Dr. McArthur, of the board of medical examiners of Illinois, were most assiduous in their care of the wounded.

Major H. F. Deitz, provost-marshal; Captain Morhardt, topographical engineer; Lieut. George Lee, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants R. M. Denning, Frank H. Allen, E. M. De Bruin, J. L. Forman, and [T. H.] Soward, aides-de-camp, officers of my staff, were of the greatest service to me, delivering my orders faithfully, and promptly discharging the duties of their respective positions.

The ammunition train, above alluded to as captured, was retaken from the enemy through the good conduct of Captain Thruston, ordnance officer of the corps, and Lieutenant Douglass, ordnance officer of my division, who, with Sergeant Cooper, of my escort, rallied the stragglers and drove off the enemy's cavalry.

The following is the total of casualties in the division: Officers killed, 15; wounded, 38; missing, 11; total of officers, 64. Enlisted men killed, 223; wounded, 943; missing, 400; total of enlisted men, 1,566. Aggregate, 1,630.* Of the 11 officers and 400 enlisted men missing, many are known to be wounded and in the hands of the enemy.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.209.

---------------

