
Prisoners were captured from the enemy by my division as follows: 1 major, 1 captain, 3 lieutenants, and 216 enlisted men. Total, 221.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Right Wing, Fourteenth Army Corps.

No. 51. Report of Capt. Henry Hescock, First Missouri Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery.

CAMP OF THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the batteries of artillery of this division in the battle of Stone's River, and the events during the march from Mill Creek, December 26, 1862.

The batteries marched with the several brigades on the morning of December 26, in the following order: Houghtaling's battery, with Colonel Roberts' brigade, on the Nolensville pike; Hescock's battery, with General Sill's brigade, on the road to the left of the pike, via Patterson's Mill; Bush's battery, with Schaefer's brigade, on the Nolensville pike, in reserve. Nothing was done this day by the artillery. Encamped about 1 mile from Nolensville.

On the 27th, marched at dawn of day toward Triune; formed line of battle, with expectation of an engagement; the men and horses suffering very much on account of the heavy rains for the last few days, and deep mud. Did not move on the 28th. Spent the day preparing the batteries for battle.

Marched on the 29th on the Bole Jack road toward Murfreesborough. Saw but little of the enemy; no fighting. Encamped near Wilkinson's Cross-Roads, about 7 miles from Murfreesborough.

Marched on the morning of the 30th, at 7 a.m. Found the enemy strongly posted in our front, about 3 miles from Murfreesborough.

The batteries, having been assigned to brigades as follows-Hescock's battery to Schaefer's brigade; Houghtaling's battery to Colonel Roberts' brigade, and Bush's battery to General Sill's brigade-took post with their brigades, Houghtaling's on the right of the Wilkinson pike; Bush's on the right of Houghtaling's; Hescock's on the right and rear, all supported by their respective brigades.

But little firing was done during the forenoon. In the afternoon Bush moved with his battery to the front, and opened on the enemy, at short range. Hescock took the position left by Bush, all three batteries concentrating their fire on the point of timber in front, shelling the enemy's battery and driving back his skirmishers. The casualties were confined to Bush's battery, he having lost 4 enlisted men and several horses. His battery was placed in an exposed position and nobly did their duty.

During the night, Bush moved his battery to a more commanding position; the other batteries remained on the hill facing the enemy.

The events of the 31st relative to the batteries of this division are

