
No. 52. Report of Capt. Charles Houghtaling, Battery C, First Illinois Light Artillery.

BATTLE-FIELD, NEAR MURFREESBOROUGH, January 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully submit the following report of the part my company took in the action on the 30th, I will pass over it.

On the morning of the 31st, according to orders, we fell back toward the left, or rather changed front to the west, and my battery was placed in a belt of thick timber south of the pike, and was soon hotly engaged with the enemy's batteries, which cut us up severely. While the battle was raging, I called upon you for re-enforcements, which were promptly furnished. Being still unable to silence the rebel guns, and another battery being opened on me from the left, and being flanked by rebel infantry, I informed Colonel Roberts that unless I moved from that position I should lose my battery, as my horses were falling at every volley, and my men nearly half killed and wounded. He informed me a few minutes afterward that General Sheridan's orders were to hold that position at all hazards, and I did so until my ammunition was nearly expended, when I was ordered to change front and fire to the left, falling back across the pike, which I did, and three of the guns, being out of ammunition, were sent to the rear, while the others took a position and used the last round of canister on the enemy. Here the remainder of my horses were killed, and being flanked both on the right and left, and no possible chance to get the guns off by hand through the heavy cedar timber in the rear, I was forced to abandon them. All was done that could be, under the circumstances, to save them. Thus closed the part my company, as a company, took in the engagement. Lieutenant Wright, with some of the boys, joined your battery; Lieutenant Van Dyke and some more fell in with and joined the Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Battery, Lieutenant Stevens commanding; some found the Board of Trade Battery, and others took muskets and fell into the ranks as infantry.

All, I believe, did their duty in their various positions, and all behaved with great coolness and gallantry while under my command.

Loss in killed, wounded, and missing,-.* Total number horses lost, 95.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. HOUGHTALING,

Captain, Comdg. Company C, First Illinois Light Artillery.

Captain HESCOCK,

Chief of Artillery, 3rd Div., Right Wing, 14th Army Corps.

No. 53. Report of Capt. Asahel K. Bush, Fourth Indiana Battery.

CAMP NEAR MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., January 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part

---------------

*See p.209.

---------------

