
taken by my command in front of Murfreesborough, Tenn., from and including December 30, 1862, to the morning of January 4, 1863:

On the morning of December 30, 1863, moved near the enemy's lines, and, by order of General Sheridan, opened fire on a rebel battery at 1,500 yards range, and drove it under cover. About 1 p.m. was moved across open fields near the woods occupied by the enemy. A rebel battery opened on us from the woods at about 600 yards range, when General Sill ordered us in position in the woods fronting them, and ordered me to "Silence that battery," which we did after a sharp contest of about two hours, at 450 yards range. We killed about half their horses, completely disabled one gun-carriage, killed 1 of their lieutenants and 12 men, wounded several others, and killed and wounded several of their infantry support, which lay near.

My loss in the contest was 1 sergeant and 3 privates killed, 3 privates wounded, 5 horses killed, two gun-carriage wheels disabled, and two limber-chests damaged.

After dark, by command of General Sill, took position about 300 yards to the right, in open ground, where we remained until the next morning [December 31], and about daylight were attacked by the enemy. We replied with canister at short range until General Sheridan's division was completely flanked, by General Davis' division retreating, and obliged to retire. We fixed prolonged and retired in rear of the brigade, firing canister.

Made another short stand at the first position of December 30, and fired canister from my howitzer and 6-pounder smooth-bores into the enemy in front, and with my rifles drove two of the enemy's pieces from position, which were firing on General Davis' retreating lines; lost one caisson in reaching this position, every horse on it being shot down by the enemy's musketry. Here the under-straps of one of my smoothbore 6-pounders were broken by firing double charges of canister, and I sent the piece to the rear.

From the above position I retired and took position about 800 yards to the left, adjoining General Negley's division, near which point I remained until my ammunition was expended; then retired to the left. In crossing a dense cedar woods, near the Murfreesborough pike, the infantry were driven rapidly past us, and my two rear pieces [one James 6-pounder and one 6-pounder smooth-bore] were captured by the enemy, after killing all the horses on them, except one wheel-horse on one, and one wheel and two swing horses on the other, and the latter piece fast among the trees and the enemy within 40 yards of them. On reaching the pike, I moved a short distance to the rear and got a supply of ammunition, and reported myself to the front with three pieces for duty. By order of General Rosecrans, we went into park in front and on the left of the pike.

The next morning General Sheridan put us in position, where we remained until Sunday morning without further casualties.

On Saturday, January 3, I got the piece repaired and in position, which was disabled December 31.

Some field officer, on December 31, forced my forge into the train which started for Nashville, and it was captured and burned.

During the above engagement my officers behaved nobly. I can scarcely mention one in particular without doing injustice to the rest. I must, however, mention First Sergt. Willis H. Pettit, whose services in keeping my guns supplied with ammunition and various other duties were invaluable. Joseph E. De Wolf, clerk and private orderly, as usual, showed a clear head and unsurpassed courage, and was always

