
the foot of the hill, they made a left half-wheel and came up directly in front of us. When the enemy had advanced up the hill sufficiently to be in sight, Colonel Greusel ordered the regiment to fire, which was promptly obeyed. We engaged the enemy at short range, the lines being not over 10 rods apart. After a few rounds, the regiment supporting us on our right gave way. In this manner we fought for nearly half an hour, when Colonel Greusel ordered the regiment to charge. The enemy fled in great confusion across the cotton-field into the woods opposite our left, leaving many of their dead and wounded upon the field. We poured a destructive fire upon them as they retreated until they were beyond range.

The Thirty-sixth again took position upon the hill, and the support of our right came forward. At this time General Sill was killed, and Colonel Greusel took command of the brigade. A fresh brigade of the enemy advanced from the direction that the first had come, and in splendid order. We opened fire on them with terrific effect. Again the regiment on our right gave way, and we were again left without support. In this condition we fought until our ammunition was exhausted, and until the enemy had entirely flanked us on our right. At this juncture Major Miller ordered the regiment to fall back. While retreating, Major Miller was wounded, and the command devolved upon me. We moved back of the corn-field to the edge of the timber, a hundred rods to the right of the Wilkinson pike and 2 miles from Murfreesborough, at 8 a.m. Here I met General Sheridan, and reported to him that the regiment was out of ammunition, and that I would be ready for action as soon as I could obtain it. We had suffered severely in resisting the attack of superior numbers. I had now only 140 men. The regiment fought with great obstinacy, and much is due to Col. N. Greusel for his bravery in conducting the regiment before being called away.

Adjutant Biddulph went to find the ammunition wagon, but did not succeed. I then informed Quartermaster Bouton that I needed cartridges, but he failed to find any except size .58, the caliber of most of the arms being .69. I was now ordered by Major-General McCook to fall back to the rear of General Crittenden's corps. I arrived there about 10 a.m. I here obtained ammunition, and dispatched the adjutant to report to Colonel Greusel the condition and whereabouts of the regiment. He returned without seeing the colonel. Lieutenant Watkins soon rode up, and volunteered to take a message to Colonel Greusel or General Sheridan. He also returned without finding either officer. I now went in search of General Sheridan myself; found him at 12 o'clock; reported to him the regiment [what there was left of it] ready to move to the front. He ordered that I should hold the regiment in readiness and await his orders.

At 2 p.m. I received orders from General Sheridan to advance to the front, on the left of the railroad, and connect my command temporarily with Colonel Laiboldt's brigade. We were here subject to a very heavy artillery fire. A 12-pounder shell struck in the right of the regiment and killed Lieut. Soren L. Olson [a brave and faithful officer, commanding Company F] and Corporal Riggs, and wounded 3 others. At dark we were moved by Lieutenant Denning one-quarter of a mile to the rear, where we remained for the night.

At 3 a.m. January 1, 1863, by order of General Sheridan, we marched back to his headquarters, on the Nashville pike, a distance of half a mile, where, at daylight, I reported to Colonel Greusel. As ordered by him, we took position to the right of Captain Bush's battery, fronting west.

