
We built a barricade of logs and stone, and remained through the day ready to receive the enemy, but no attack was made.

On the morning of the 2nd, the regiment was in line at 4 o'clock; stood under arms until daylight. We remained ready for action during the day until 4 p.m., when, by order of Colonel Greusel, we moved to the right, on the line formerly occupied by General Davis. During the night considerable skirmishing occurred on our front.

On the morning of the 3rd instant, the regiment stood under arms from 4 o'clock until daylight. At 8 a.m., by order of Colonel Greusel, we changed position to the right, and somewhat to the rear, letting our right rest upon the Nashville pike.

On the morning of the 4th, we were under arms at 4 o'clock; no fighting occurred on our part of the line during the day.

In the action throughout, the regiment behaved in the most gallant manner. The officers, with only a single exception, distinguished themselves for bravery and coolness; the men, with unflinching courage, were always ready, and met the enemy with a determination to conquer. I tender my thanks to Adjutant Biddulph for the gallant and efficient manner in which he assisted me, and also to the other officers for their gallant action throughout the stormy conflict, which resulted in victory.

I append to this report a list of casualties.*

PORTER C. OLSON,

Captain, Commanding Thirty-sixth Illinois Volunteers.

Lieut. J. B. WATKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 56. Report of Col. Francis T. Sherman, Eighty-eighth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. EIGHTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFANTRY, Camp on Stone's River, Tenn., January 7, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make report to you of my regiment during the recent battle of Stone's River, near Murfreesborough, Tenn.

On the morning of December 30, at 7 o'clock, by order of Brigadier-General Sill, then commanding your brigade, I marched my regiment on the pike toward the town of Murfreesborough. At 9 a.m. we were ordered to the right of the pike, where skirmishing with the enemy was being had. We formed in line of battle in front of Houghtaling's and Hescock's batteries, and threw out the two flank companies as skirmishers, with Companies F and G as reserves.

We skirmished moderately with the enemy until about 3 p.m., when an advance was made, and I took position with the regiment in a cotton-field on a ridge, just in rear of a strip of bottom land, with my skirmishers a short distance in advance. During the remainder of the day skirmishing was brisk, and Capt. G. W. Smith, of Company A, while bravely directing his company as skirmishers, was wounded in the leg and obliged to leave the field. Night having set in, we were ordered to remain on the field all night and keep our skirmishers out as pickets.

On the morning of the 31st, the men were in line of battle at daybreak, and skirmishing with the enemy began soon after. About 7 o'clock they made an advance across the bottom, one brigade charging

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.209.

---------------

