
The list of casualties is as follows:

Officers wounded........................... 7

Enlisted men killed........................ 18

Enlisted men wounded....................... 82

Enlisted men missing....................... 36

Total......................................142

Very respectfully,

WILLIAM B. McCREERY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-first Michigan Infantry.

Lieut. J. B. WATKINS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen., First Brigade, Third Division.

No. 58. Report of Major Elisha C. Hibbard, Twenty-fourth Wisconsin Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH WISCONSIN INFANTRY VOLS., Camp on Stone's River, Tenn., January 8, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-fourth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers in the late engagements resulting in the taking of Murfreesborough, viz:

On the morning of Tuesday, December 30, 1862, I marched the regiment from camp, right in front, following in rear of Bush's battery, with two companies deployed as flankers, according to orders from General Sill. About an hour's march from camp, and while firing was going on in front, I received an order to add one company to the flankers, and move them out farther from the column, which order was carried out. Soon after, I received an order from General Sill to move my regiment forward, and form line 200 paces in rear of the Thirty-sixth Illinois. These dispositions having been made, an order was received to have the men lie down. I remain in this position, just in the edge of the woods on the left of a white house [afterward used as a hospital], and on the right of Bush's battery.

I remained there until ordered to advance by General Sill, keeping directly in rear and 200 paces distant from the Thirty-sixth Illinois. Advancing to the open field beyond an old log-house, I halted and ordered the men to lie down, the enemy having opened on the advance with artillery, very effectually served.

Soon after, I was ordered by an aide to send five companies to the woods in our front to support Bush's battery, which was then hotly engaged with the enemy's artillery. The five companies were sent under the command of the acting field officer. I remained in the field with the balance of the regiment, which was in a very exposed position, and had lost several men from the enemy's artillery, until ordered by General Sill to bring down the balance of my command to the support of the battery, as the enemy were about to make an effort to capture it. The artillery firing then ceased, night having put an end to the action. I was ordered by General Sill to have a picket posted, the balance to lie down on their arms, and allow half of each company to go to the rear and do some cooking. I posted one company as pickets, and allowed the men to boil some coffee; then placed them in line. The night was intensely cold, and the men were nearly frozen.

