
Illinois, in which position we remained until we marched to this our present camp.

I cannot too highly speak of the men who passed through all the trials of the two days' fighting and the following four days of suspense, worse than the battle itself. Exhausted and cold, they stood their ground like veterans, and fought as good soldiers.

I desire to make special mention of the conduct of Captains Root, Austin, and Philbrook, and Lieutenants Balding, Chase, Nix, Chivas, Hartung, Goldsmith, Horning, Elmore, Parsons, Battle, Kennedy, Holton, and Greene. The surgeons [Major Hasse and Captain Wheeler] were not under my immediate observation, but I am informed they performed their duties nobly. To the chaplain of the regiment I return thanks for his kind attention to the wounded.

To the adjutant of the regiment [Arthur MacArthur,jr.] I am more than indebted for his aid and efficient service rendered during the engagements. Young and gallant, I bespeak for him an honorable career. Of the sergeant-major [Frank W. Riddle] and Sergeants Drake and Kerston I would make favorable mention. Sergeant Coburn, of Company A, deserves special notice for bringing off the body of Lieutenant Nix, mortally wounded.

Inclosing you a list of the casualties,* and desiring, on behalf of the officers of the regiment, to acknowledge our indebtedness to the colonel commanding the brigade for his care and attention after assuming command, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

E. C. HIBBARD,

Major, Commanding Twenty-fourth Wisconsin.

Lieutenant WATKINS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen., First Brigade, Third Division.

No. 59. Report of Lieut. Col. Bernard Laiboldt, Second Missouri Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., THIRD DIV., RIGHT WING, January 7, 1863.

I have the honor to submit to you a report of the part taken by the brigade I now have the honor to command, in the battle in front of Murfreesborough:

The brigade, then in command of the lamented Col. Frederick Schaefer, was assigned position as reserve of the Third Division on December 30, and took no part in the engagement on the left on that day.

Shortly after daybreak next morning, December 31, Colonel Schaefer received orders to re-enforce General Sill's brigade with two regiments, and the Fifteenth Missouri Volunteers and Forty-fourth Illinois Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Weber, of the Fifteenth Missouri Volunteers, were accordingly sent to General Sill, with orders to report to him for duty.

The Second Battalion of the Seventy-third Illinois Volunteers, under command of Major Presson, was detached to protect Captain Hescock's battery, while the other battalion of the Seventy-third Illinois Volunteers and the Second Regiment Missouri Volunteers were held in reserve.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.209.

---------------

