
This regiment, though retreating before an overwhelming force, was dragging by hand a section of artillery which it had been ordered to support. A part of General McCook's wing of the army [it had fallen back with the rest, but through the woods and fields with great difficulty] bravely brought off the cannon it could no longer defend on the field. When I met it, it faced about and formed line of battle, with cheers and shouts.

To Lieutenants McDowell, my assistant adjutant-general, Armstrong, Second Kentucky Cavalry, and Millard, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, inspector-general; Captain Taylor, Fifteenth Kentucky Infantry, and Lieut. Alf. Pirtle, ordnance officer, my regular aides, and to Capt. John D. Wickliffe and Lieut. W. G. Jenkins, both of the Second Kentucky Cavalry, aides for that battle, I am much indebted for services on the field.

The wounded were kindly and tenderly cared for by the Third Division medical director, Surgeon Muscroft, and the other surgeons of the command. Captain Paul, my division commissary, rendered valuable services during the whole time of the battle. The musicians of the division carried the wounded from the field, faithfully and fearlessly.

Lieutenant McDowell was wounded. My orderlies, Damas, Emery, and the rest, went through the whole fight, behaving well; Emery was wounded. Lieutenant Carpenter, of the First Ohio Infantry, one of my aides, was so badly injured by the fall of his horse that I would not permit him to go on the field. Lieutenant Hartman, of the Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, a member of my staff, was ill with fever and unable to leave his bed.

It should be mentioned that the Eighty-eighth Indiana, Colonel Humphrey commanding, being placed at once of the fords on Stone's River, where our forces were temporarily driven back, very opportunely rallied the stragglers and promptly crossed the river and drove the enemy back. In this he was aided by the stragglers, who rallied and fought well. The colonel was wounded by a bayonet thrust in the hand in the attack of Saturday night on the enemy in the wood in our front.

I inclose herewith the reports of brigade commanders, which will show the list of casualties.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

MajorGEORGE E. FLYNT,

Chief of Staff [Center], Fourteenth Army Corps,

Department of the Cumberland.

No. 64. Report of Lieut. Francis L. Guenther, Battery H, Fifth U. S. Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY H, FIFTH ARTILLERY, January 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the battery under my command in the recent engagements near Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

The battery arrived near the battle-field with the brigade of regulars, of which it forms a part, on the morning of December 30, 1862. On the morning of December 31 it was moved forward with the brigade, and,

