
No. 68. Report of Lieut. Col. Stephen A. Bassford, Ninety-fourth Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. NINETY-FOURTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND, In the Field, January-, 1863.

In obedience to orders from headquarters, I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken in the battle of Wednesday, December 31, 1862, and the following days, by the Ninety-fourth Regiment:

My command, forming part of the Ninth Brigade, was ordered to move forward Murfreesborough, on the Nashville and Murfreesborough pike. After marching about 1 1/2 miles, we turned to the right, and went a quarter of a mile and halted in the woods. After waiting a short period, we were again moved forward to the right and front in double-quick, halted, formed in line of battle, and for the first time came under fire of the enemy. Shells bursting over and around us, soon we were ordered to move to the right. After marching a short distance, we were halted. Remaining in that position about twenty minutes, we were again ordered to move by the right.

We then marched toward the Murfreesborough pike, and halted at the edge of the woods at the time the enemy left the woods and charged one of our batteries. The foe broke and fled precipitately. We commenced firing on our right, and threw Company B out as skirmishers on our left.

We were then ordered into the open field in line, halted, and delivered several rounds at the retreating foe. Received orders to fix bayonets, which done, we moved in double-quick across the field, following the enemy. We halted at the edge of the woods, remaining but a short time; threw out Company G as skirmishers, advanced into the woods about 75 yards, and halted.

After remaining here for some time, we received orders to move out to the right and up to the top of the hill, which we did, passing one of our batteries there. From this point we crossed the pike, forming in line along the east side. From this point I was ordered back to bring up ammunition. The regiment remained here about thirty minutes. We had several wounded at this point by the enemy's artillery.

The regiment was then ordered forward over the crest of the hill and into the woods, by order of General Rousseau. Companies B and G were advanced from this point, as skirmishers. They were soon brought in, and the whole command marched by the left flank, to join on the right of the Thirty-eighth Indiana, then in the open field. In this position we were ordered to lie down. Many of our men were wounded by the enemy's sharpshooters.

We did not remain long in this position, but returned to the woods, and after a very brief stay we were ordered out again, but not quite so far advanced and less exposed to the sharpshooters. Shortly after this, our gallant colonel, whose cheerful courage and constantly encouraging presence had contributed effectively to the calmness and prompt obedience of the entire command, was severely wounded and instantly carried from the field.

At this juncture the command fell for a short time upon Major King. Our left here joined on the right of the Thirty-eighth Indiana. This position we held during the night, throwing out pickets to the front. No disturbance occurred of any importance.

