
On Thursday, January 1, 1863, 5 a.m., we were ordered to report ourselves on the Murfreesborough pike, which being done, we were marched back to about the position we started from the morning before; but we did not have long to remain at this point. We had hardly stacked arms and broken ranks till we heard that familiar sound, "Fall in." We were marched back again toward Murfreesborough in double-quick. After going about 1 mile, we were ordered off to the right of the pike, and formed into line.

Soon General McCook ordered us over to the left of the pike. We were, however, soon ordered back to the point at which we left the pike, at which place we were formed into column of companies, then marched forward to the right and front, to the crest of a hill, and halted, facing south, forming a line. In a few moments we were ordered to change front forward on first company, which being done, we marched forward and were halted in the edge of a thicket. Here we remained till 3 p.m., when we were pushed to the farther edge of the thicket, facing southwest.

During the night and day following we threw up breastworks of such material as was at hand.

On the evening following [January 2] we threw out heavy pickets, and this position we occupied, with nothing to disturb us, excepting the annoyance of the enemy's sharpshooters, until January 5, when ordered to march.

During the five days we were on the field, among those wounded was Captain Steel, bold and brave, who, though suffering from severe sickness, commanded his company with praiseworthy success until removed from the field. The officers, without exception, acted well their parts, and in perfect concert. The men, obedient and prompt, were easy to command, and are worthy of high commendation.

Of our chaplain, Rev. William Allington, I do not think too much can be said. I wish there were more such in our army. He followed the regiment wherever it went, picking up the wounded and carrying them off the field; and after we were through with the day's fight, he would spend his nights at the hospitals administering to the wounded. The above report is as near correct as I am able to make it.

Yours, most respectfully,

S. A. BASSFORD,

Lieut. Col., Comdg. Ninety-fourth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Col. B. F. SCRIBNER,

Commanding Ninth Brigade, Third Division.

No. 69. Report of Col. Alfred R. Chapin, Tenth Wisconsin Infantry.

HDQRS. TENTH WISCONSIN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Camp at Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 9, 1863.

SIR: I would most respectfully report that on December 30, 1862, at 12 m., the Tenth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, with the other regiments of the brigade, had arrived at a point on the Nashville and Murfreesborough pike 3 1/2 miles from Murfreesborough. Heavy skirmishing was going on at the time in the cedar wood to the right of the pike. We did not get engaged that day.

On December 31, at 7 a.m., we got under arms, and shortly after

