HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-EIGHTH BRIGADE, Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, on the 31st ultimo, the Twenty-eighth Brigade left Jefferson, in accordance with orders, and reported at 5 p.m. for duty, bringing in one field howitzer belonging to the Fifth Wisconsin Battery, and some 250 cavalry of different regiments, as also many stragglers from infantry regiments that were found on the Jefferson an La Vergne pike and roads adjacent thereto, who had participated in the fight in front of Murfreesborough that day or the day previous.

On the 1st instant the brigade was maneuvered, changing positions, fronts, &amp;c.; going into camp, formed in line, with battalions doubled on the center, the left resting on the Nashville and Murfreesborough pike, right on the left of General Johnson's troops. The following morning the brigade was ordered by General Rousseau to deploy into line and advance to the front to the support of our batteries, then in action. The change of position was made, and the gallant Twenty-eighth Brigade moved to the front to give such support, with unflinching courage, amid a most tremendous rebel fire of solid shot and shell, and remained in such supporting position until another change was made, when it was sent to the extreme front, and ordered to hold the same, which post it occupied the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th, changing position from time to time, as the nature of circumstances seemed to require, supporting batteries, pioneer corps, &c., in digging trenches; and although not brought into place where its own fire could be made to tell effectively, yet, from the duties performed by it, under the continued and severe fire of shot and shell of the enemy, it is entitled to all praise. Casualties as per recapitulation.

Yours, respectfully,JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Colonel First Wisconsin, Comdg. Twenty-eighth Brigade.

Capt. M. C. TAYLOR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

Recapitulation of casualties.

Command	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Total

24th Illinois	 1	 3	 -	 4

79th Pennsylvania	 2	 8	 -	 10

1st Wisconsin	 -	 4	 3	 7

1st Kentucky	 -	 1	 -	 1

Battery

Total	 3	 16	 3	 23

No. 72. Reports of Lieut. Col. Oliver L. Shepherd, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, commanding Fourth [Regular] Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE U. S. REGULAR TROOPS, THIRD DIV. [ROUSSEAU'S], CENTER, 14TH ARMY CORPS, Camp at Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor, respectfully, to report the operations of this brigade, under my orders, during the recent five days' battle before this place.

