HDQRS. FOURTH BRIG., FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Camp at Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 18, 1863.

SIR: I desire respectfully to state that, owing in part to Capt. H. Douglass, First Battalion Eighteenth Infantry, not being a commander during the recent battle, I have forgotten him in my reports; therefore I desire respectfully to give an outline of his service.

He was commander of the First Battalion from its organization, in the fall of 1861, and continued so through all the trying campaign of Mill Springs, up to May 26, 1862, just before entering Corinth, and has ever since been acting field officer.

In the performance of said duty he was distinguished in the battle of Perryville, and wounded in the great battle of Stone's River, during the heavy conflict in the cedars, on December 31, 1862.

Having his wound dressed, and with his arm in a sling, he reported for duty as the brigade moved to the front, January 2, but was directed shortly after to go again to the hospital.

He has always been brave and zealous, and is again in command of his battalion, which owes much of its instruction to him. I hope it may not be too late to have justice done him.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,O. L. SHEPHERD,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Brigade.

Col. C. GODDARD,

Asst. Adjt. Gen.and Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Cumberland.

No. 73. Report of Capt. Jesse Fulmer, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry.

HDQRS. FIRST BATT. FIFTEENTH U. S. INFANTRY, Camp at Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, on the morning of December 31, 1862, the First Battalion Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, comprising eight companies, entered into action before Murfreesborough, Tenn., under the command of MajorJohn H. King.

The number of enlisted men present and entering into action was 304; Lieutenant Ogilby, battalion adjutant, and the following company officers, to wit, Captains Fulmer, Wise, Bell, Keteltas, and York, and Lieutenants Jewett, Wikoff, Woodward, Occleston, King, Semple, Galloway, and Gray, were present and participated in the engagement.

The aggregate strength of the battalion on entering into action was 319, officers and men.

This battalion, with the others of the brigade of regulars, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Shepherd, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, advanced several hundred yards into a dense forest of cedars, about 9 o'clock on the morning of the 31st ultimo, to engage the enemy. The Fifteenth, with the First Battalion of the Sixteenth Infantry on the left, were moved a short distance from the other battalions of the brigade and formed in line of battle. Captain Keteltas' company was immediately ordered forward as skirmishers, and, as such, advanced them some 400 yards beyond our line. He had been enticed thus to advance by the

