
whole affair was a repetition of a plan frequently adopted by the rebels, viz, to attack briskly in front while their cavalry make a dash upon an unprotected rear. The ground was admirably selected y the rebels, and I do not doubt that they would have captured the entire train had not the union of the two trains rendered the escort unusually large.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. R. PALMER,

Inspector First Division.

Captain R. LODER,

Inspector Twenty-first Army Corps.

DECEMBER 7, 1862.-Action at Hartsville, Tenn.

LIST OF REPORTS

Numbers 1.-Major-General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Cumberland, and resulting correspondence.

Numbers 2.-Return of casualties in the Union forces.

Numbers 3.-Major William McMichael, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Army.

Numbers 4.-Colonel John M. Harlan, Tenth Kentucky Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, First Division.

Numbers 5.-Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 6.-Major Samuel Hill, Second Indiana Cavalry.

Numbers 7.-Colonel Absalom B. Moore, One hundred and fourth Illinois Infantry, commanding Thirty-ninth Brigade.

Numbers 8.-Captain John Wadleigh, One hundred and fourth Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 9.-Lieutenant Robert V. Simpson, One hundred and fourth Illinois Infantry.

No. 10.-Lieut. Colonel Gustavus Tafel, One hundred and sixth Ohio Infantry.

No. 11.-Captain Carlo Piepho, One hundred and eighth Ohio Infantry.

No. 12.-Captain Joseph Good, One hundred and eighth Ohio Infantry.

No. 13.-General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Tennessee, with instructions to Brigadier-General Morgan, and congratulatory orders.

No. 14.-Return of casualties in the Confederate forces.

No. 15.-Brig. General John H. Morgan, C. S. Army, commanding expedition.

No. 16.-Colonel Roger W. Hanson, Second Kentucky Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Breckinridge's division.

No. 17.-Colonel Thomas H. Hunt, Ninth Kentucky Infantry, commanding detachment First Brigade.

No. 18.-Major James W. Hewitt, Second Kentucky Infantry.

No. 19.-Captain James T. Morehead, Ninth Kentucky Infantry.

No. 1. Reports of Major-General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Cumberland, and resulting correspondence.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 7, 1862-11 p.m.

General Thomas dispatches me that one of his brigades, Dumont's, posted at Hartsville, was probably surprised by two regiments of infantry and three of cavalry, and captured. I await news from the front to dispose for an attack of the enemy at Stewart's Creek, 9 miles this

