
No. 75. Report of Major James N. Caldwell, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry.
HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION EIGHTEENTH INFANTRY,Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 6, 1863.

SIR: Herewith I have the honor to transmit a list of the killed and wounded in my battalion in the battle of the "Cedars," near Murfreesborough, December 31, 1862.

I went into the battle with 1 adjutant, 1 sergeant-major, 6 captains, 8 lieutenants, and 272 enlisted men; aggregate, 288. Captain Kneass was killed; Captains Douglass, Wood, and Hull, wounded; Lieutenants McConnell, Carpenter,and Adair, wounded; 1 sergeant and 3 corporals killed, 6 sergeant and 4 corporals wounded, 23 privates killed and 99 wounded; total and aggregate loss, 145. All did their duty well; were cool, deliberate, and firm under the terrific fire that thinned our ranks, and not one gave way until the order to rejoin the battery attached to our brigade was given.

We were under fire on the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd of January, 1863, and in the trenches on the day and night of the 3rd instant, but sustained no loss. During the four days and nights on the battle-fields near Murfreesborough, notwithstanding the cold, mud, and rain, and want of rations part of the time, not a murmur was heard; all exhibited the same coolness and unflinching devotion to their country and flag that they had shown on the battle-field at Perryville, Ky; when composing a part of General Steedman's brigade, which was exposed to a terrific fire on that field.

Captain Douglass acted as field officer on December 31, 1862, and rendered valuable service, and, notwithstanding his painful wound, joined the battalion on the 2nd of January, and remained on duty with it during that day. My battalion adjutant, Lieutenant R. L. Morris, rendered valuable service on the field; his horse was wounded. My horse was wounded and disabled. My battalion quartermaster, Lieutenant Benham, Quartermaster-Sergeant Price, and Commissary-Sergeant Livsey, with a small escort and the teamsters, all did their duty well, in defending and conducting the battalion train in safety to Nashville.

In conclusion, I beg leave, respectfully, to recommend to following named non-commissioned officers for promotion, for their bravery and meritorious conduct in the battle of December 31, 1862, near Murfreesborough, Tenn.: Sergt. Major Reuben F. Little, Sergt. Allen C. Barrows, Company F; Sergt. Ralph Horton, Company H, and First Sergt. Isaac D'Isay, Company A; and also Sergt. E. C. Beach, Company A; Sergeant Carpenter, Company F; Quartermaster-Sergeant Price, and Commissary-Sergeant Livsey, for certificates of merit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. N. CALDWELL,

Major Eighteenth Infty., Comdg. First Batt. Eighteenth Infty.

ACTING ASST. ADJT. GEN.,

Brigade of Regulars.

No. 76. Reports of Major Frederick Townsend, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry.
HDQRS. SECOND BATTALION EIGHTEENTH U. S. INFTY.,Camp at Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to the orders of the

