
WASHINGTON, D. C., February 23, 1863.

GENERAL: I neglected, in my report of the doings of the Second Battalion of the Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, in the recent battles in front of Murfreesborough, Tenn., to mention among the names of certain enlisted men, conspicuous for good conduct on the field and at all times, the name of my mounted orderly, Private Jacob Troutman, of Company D. He was of very great assistance to me in carrying and bringing orders, and displayed a degree of intelligence and bravery worthy of strong commendation. In justice to this excellent soldier, I trust, general, that you will permit this notice of him to be appended as supplemental to my official report.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK TOWNSEND,

Major Eighteenth Infantry, Commanding Second Battalion.

Brig. General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

No. 77. Report of Captain James B. Mulligan, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry.
HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION NINETEENTH U. S. INFANTRY,Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that six companies of the First Battalion of the Nineteenth Regiment U. S. Infantry, under command of Major S. D. Carpenter, with the regular brigade, under command of Lieut. Colonel O. L. Shepherd, Eighteenth Infantry, were ordered to the front, and entered into action of the morning of December 31, 1862, before Murfreesborough, at 9.30 a.m.

The battalion was ordered by the brigade commander to take its position in the brigade on the left of the Eighteenth Infantry, supporting the left of Guenther's battery (H), Fifth Artillery.

About 10 a.m. the brigade, with the battery, was ordered into the cedars to assistance of Negley's division; but, after finding there was no possibility of securing a position, the battalion, in company with the battery, retired from the cedars in excellent order, under a most destructive fire.

After taking our position on the hill near the railroad, we were again, about 12 m., ordered, with the remainder of the brigade, to advance in line of battle into the cedars. We there engaged an overwhelming force of the enemy for full twenty minutes. It was as we received the order to retire that Major Carpenter fell, receiving six mortal wounds, dying instantly. The fire from the enemy at this time was terrific. Our men were falling on all sides.

At this point the command of the battalion devolved upon myself, being the senior officer present. We fell back, in pursuance of orders, to the support of Guenther's battery, which had taken its position on the hill near the railroad, which position we maintained throughout the day.

The next day, January 1, 1863, at daybreak, we were ordered, with the brigade and battery, to the right, to assist McCook's corps, where we remained in position until after midday, when we were ordered to proceed up the Murfreesborough pike, in the direction of Nashville, to

