
Stewart's Creek, to protect a provision train which was threatened by the enemy. After proceeding about 4 miles up the road, we were ordered to the right-about, and double-quick to the center of the line of battle.

On January 2, at daybreak, we took our position on the hill by the railroad, in front of the cedars, which we held during the day and throughout the night.

The next day, the 3rd, we commenced intrenching the front and center, under cover of our skirmishers, and that night our breastworks, being completed, were occupied and held by us until after the enemy had left our front, which fact was reported by me to the colonel commanding the brigade shortly after sunrise on the 4th instant.

The battalion lost 1 commissioned officer killed (the major commanding); enlisted men, 6 killed, 55 wounded, and 7 missing. The greater part of the latter known to be in the hands of the enemy.

Twenty-two of the enemy fell, on the 31st, into our hands, and were turned over to an escort of cavalry, by order by Lieutenant H. Millard of General Rousseau's staff, by Lieutenant Stansbury.

The following officers participated: First Lieutenants Andrews, Stansbury, and Jones; Second Lieutenants Wagoner, Lowe, Curtis, Miller, Johnson, and Carpenter.

The conduct of the officers and men throughout the five days' battle was excellent, the battalion taking part and sharing with the brigade in all its hardships, deprivations, and arduous duties in its movements over the entire field, at one time supporting the right of General McCook's corps, at another assisting General Crittenden's, and on the last day and night intrenching and holding the center of our own division.

I take pleasure in mentioning the energy and efficiency displayed by Dr. Henderson, of this battalion, and Dr. Lindsly, of the Eighteenth Infantry, acting brigade surgeon, in the care and treatment of our wounded, all of whom, I am credibly informed, are well cared for and in comfortable hospitals.

I inclose herewith a consolidated list of the killed, wounded, and missing of the battalion during the five days' battle; also copies of the reports, from the commandant of companies, of casualties,* &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. MULLIGAN,

Captain Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, Commanding First Battalion.

Lieutenant ROBERT SUTHERLAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Brigade of Regulars.

No. 78. Report of Brig. General James S. Negley, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH DIVISION,Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the troops of my command in the engagements with the enemy on Stone's River:

On Tuesday morning, December 30, 1862, the Eighth Division, composed of the Seventh and Twenty-ninth Brigades, Schultz's, Marshall's,

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.210.

---------------

