
side of Murfreesborough. The movement toward Hartsville is also to be ascertained, as Polk is reported to have left Murfreesborough by the Lebanon [pike] on Friday. Thomas is yet at Gallatin with two divisions, minus the captured brigade, to cover that region until our railroad brings necessaries of clothing and cavalry arms. If the rebels fight us in force, it will be a great gain. If not, we can continue our forward movement. Our great difficulties will come from their numerous cavalry harassing us and cutting off our forage parties and trains. I am arming our cavalry, who are not more than one-fourth of their effective force, and much cowed from that fact and want of arms. Before bringing them in conflict with the rebel cavalry, cannot you send me those from Indianapolis?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GALLATIN, December 7, 1862.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Lieutenant-Colonel Carroll, commanding Tenth Indiana, reports that the enemy attacked the forces under Colonel Scott at Hartsville this morning, and captured them, burning the wagons, &amp;c. They are said to be 5,000 strong in infantry, besides their cavalry. Colonel Miller went out with his brigade from Castalian Springs; found the enemy drawn up in line of battle this side of Hartsville. Colonel Harlan had gone to assistance of Colonel Miller, taking all of his brigade except a section of artillery. In addition, I have sent out General Fry to take command and report to me the actual state of affairs. The troops seen at Scottsville may be our own on their way to Carthage. They should be there about this time.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

NASHVILLE, December 7, 1862.

Major-General THOMAS, Gallatin:

Do I understand that they have captured an entire brigade of our troops without our knowing it, or a good fight?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

P. S.-Answer quick.

GALLATIN, December 7, 1862.

General ROSECRANS:

Colonel Harlan reports that Major Hill, Second Indiana Cavalry, informed him that the whole force which stood was captured; about half gave way. The fight lasted about an hour and a quarter. I will send particulars to-morrow. The enemy can be intercepted before reaching Murfreesborough. Colonel Harlan reports three regiments of cavalry and two of infantry on this side of the river, and two regiments of infantry on the other side, with five pieces of artillery.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

