
impossible to do more without losing the whole battery, and ordered it limbered to the rear, and to retire into the cedar thicket, now being cut off from the road we came in the day previous. Being principally in the rear of our retiring forces, was subject to a heavy fire from the enemy following our retreat, and having all except one horse that moved my 6-pounder smooth-bore gun shot, was compelled to leave it; also one caisson belonging to the 10-pounder Parrott gun, containing about 50 rounds of ammunition. The remainder of the battery we succeeded in saving. Some of the carriages moved out with two horses, having had over half my horses killed and crippled. Fired during the day 493 rounds of ammunition, losing 2 men killed and 1 wounded.

Early on the morning of January 1, reported to General Negley the Parrott gun, and sent it on the field in charge of Lieutenant Spence. I then took the remainder of the battery, now unserviceable, to the rear; at the same time procuring 22 rounds of Parrott ammunition, and was subsequently ordered to move the unserviceable portion of the battery to Nashville, which I did, and immediately returned; but, while on the road, was attacked, and lost the rear chests of one caisson.

Lieutenant Spence was placed on the left center for a short time, then receiving orders to move to the right and take position with Marshall's battery, where he remained until about 12 m. January 2, when ordered to move to the left center and take position as on the day previous.

About 4 p.m. a heavy force of the enemy was discovered moving on our left and front, driving in our skirmishers. He immediately ordered shell to be fired into him as rapidly as possible, and at the same time receiving a heavy cross-fire from the enemy's artillery. Not long after the batteries on his right and left retired, and retired about 40 yards to the rear; found that the limber contained about 10 rounds of shell and few canister; immediately ordered the gun to its former position, using all the shell, and reporting the same to Captain Lowrie; was ordered to remain and use the canister in case a second attack was made; but the enemy being repulsed and driven beyond their intrenchments, he retired, moving the gun about one-fourth of a mile to the rear. Forty-two rounds of ammunition were expended, receiving little damage, except a few horses wounded.

On the morning of the 3rd, I failed to procure ammunition, and remained as on the night previous.

Early on the morning of the 4th, procured 75 rounds of ammunition, and reported to Colonel Miller, who ordered me to move to the left center, and placed my gun in position with Marshall's battery.

About 3 p.m., was ordered to advance on Murfreesborough, and moved about 1 mile and remained during the night.

Early on the morning of the 5th, forded the river and passed through Murfreesborough.

I take great pleasure in referring to the valuable assistance rendered by Lieutenant Spence, whose heroic bravery inspired the men with courage, and his conduct is deserving of public commendation.

My non-commissioned officers and privates deported themselves like veterans who fight for the cause of their country.

Our loss in killed was 2-Godfrey Hautt, Ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, on detached duty which the battery, and Lewis Sagers, Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania, on detached duty which the battery; wounded, 1-Milton Crawhorn.

A. A. ELLSWORTH,

Lieutenant, Comdg. Hewett's Battery, Kentucky Vol. Artillery.

H. M. CIST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

