
No. 80. Report of Lieutenant Alexander Marshall, Battery G, First Ohio Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY G, FIRST OHIO VOL. ARTILLERY,Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 11, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders from Headquarters Seventh Brigade, Eighth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to report the part taken by Battery G, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, in the late engagement before Murfreesborough, Tenn.

On the morning of December 29, 1862, the battery was ordered out on a reconnaissance. Leaving the Murfreesborough pike at Stewartsborough, followed up Stewart's Creek 1 mile; discovered the enemy's cavalry in the woods on the opposite side of the creek; fired 12 rounds from rifled 12-pounder, causing them to disperse.

We then moved forward and to the right, taking position as indicated, until 2 p.m., when we crossed the creek with the brigade, advancing on a by-road running nearly parallel with the Murfreesborough pike. Entering the pike at Wilson's Creek, about 5 miles from Murfreesborough, advanced on the pike 2 1/2 miles; took position on a slight elevation on the right of the pike, where we remained during the night, with horses harnessed and hitched in.

At daylight on the 30th, per order of Colonel Miller, moved about three-fourths of a mile to the right and front over a new and rocky road through a cedar thicket. Remained in this vicinity during the day, occupying several positions in a narrow corn-field and in the thicket, within range of the enemy's battery and rifle-pit, located in an open field in front.

At 4 p.m., fired about 50 rounds, shelling the woods on our right occupied by the enemy's skirmishers, whose fire was severe; also the battery and rifle-pit in front. Some of our shells falling into the rifle-pit caused considerable scattering. We remained in this position in the corn-field during the night. We elicited no reply from the enemy's battery during the whole day.

At 6 p.m., removed the right section out on the right of the section in the corn-field, and remained in this position, hitched in, during the night.

At daylight of the 31st, opened with the four guns, stationed in the corn-field, shelling the woods to the right and the battery and rifle-pit in front, as the night before. About 8 a.m., moved the center section down to the left about 40 rods, taking position near two log-houses in rear of the corn-field, a dense thicket across the corn-field directly in front, open country to the left and front, where the enemy was in position. Remained in this position about thirty minutes without firing; the moved this section up and took position in center of the battery; worked the battery till about 11 a.m. The enemy up to this time fired but few rounds from their batteries in our front, firing being mostly from their skirmishers in the woods, when, in obedience to Colonel Miller's order, moved to the right; partially changed front. The batteries of the enemy opened over the advancing infantry a heavy fire before we had fairly got into position. Ordered caissons under shelter a short distance in the rear, and opened upon the rapidly advancing enemy with canister. As our support advanced, we moved our pieces forward by hand and worked them as rapidly as possible.

One of our 12-pounder howitzers being disabled, the trail having been

