
cut nearly off by a shot, ordered it to the rear. Went to work with canister, the enemy advancing in the woods close upon us. As our infantry support advanced we advanced our pieces by hand to the fence close to the woods, that we might hold and interval in their lines, and continued firing canister as fast as possible. During this time our horses were suffering severely from fire from the enemy; had them replaced by the teams from battery and forge wagon 1 1/2 miles in the rear, in charge of artificers. All of my spare horses were soon used up and several taken from the caissons. Had 3 men killed and several wounded.

Saw the enemy moving down the open field in masses on our left flank, and firing extending far to our rear on our right flank, and one of our 12-pounder rifles having a shot wedged and but three horses remaining, I ordered Lieutenant Crable to take the two disabled pieces and caissons to the rear through the cedar swamp, and ordered the remaining four pieces to fix prolonge, to fire retiring. The enemy had already been twice repulsed, when they moved upon both our flanks and front with renewed ranks and vigor, which caused our support to give way. I ordered the battery to retire to the woods in our rear, two pieces having but three horses and two four horses each.

My own, Lieutenant Whittlesey's, and one sergeant's horse were killed; three of the guns moved off as ordered; prolonge of the left piece, 12-pounder Wiard, broken; at the same time the lead rider was shot; the gunner mounted his team, when the off wheel horse was killed and the off lead horse wounded, which prevented us from using the limber. I then ordered a limber of one of the pieces already in the woods out, to draw the remaining 12-pounder off the field into the woods.

We had no sooner started back when I found the right and center of the brigade had fallen back, and the left (Twenty-first Ohio) was coming in, leaving the pieces about 40 yards outside of our lines, between us and the enemy, which was fast closing in on us, with a heavy fire. Saw that it was impossible to reach the gun. I ordered the limber back and gun limbered up; moved back through the cedar swamp in rear of brigade. There being no road, I was considerably bothered to work my way through. As the brigade was moving rapidly and the enemy pressing close upon us, two more of my wheel horses were shot and one rider, when I was obliged to leave two more guns, having but one wheel and middle horse on each piece. Sergeant Farwell, together with Sergeant Bills, took the remaining piece, passed the pieces left, and worked their way through and took position on the right of Captain Stokes' battery, where I found them and went to work, using up the balance of our ammunition-about 40 rounds.

As soon as joining this piece I sent to inform Lieutenant Crable where I was, and to get that portion of the battery which had succeeded in getting out, together with the battery and forge wagon, which was a short distance in the rear. After expending the ammunition of the piece I was with, moved to the rear, and left it in charge of Lieutenant Whittlesey, with the battery and forge wagon. I then proceeded to find Colonel Barnett or Lieutenant Edson, in relation to ammunition, when I met Lieutenant Crable, who informed me that our piece and four caissons had moved up the pike. I ordered him to have the carriages all halted, and to send back the 6-pounder ammunition. After waiting some time, sent my orderly back to hurry up the 6-pounder ammunition. After waiting some time, sent my orderly back to hurry up the 6-pounder ammunition.

At dark, moved over to the left of the railroad, and remained during the night with the First Kentucky Battery, Lieutenant Ellsworth commanding, having previously reported to General Negley and Colonel

