
Miller the condition of the battery, and where I was; was ordered to remain in that vicinity.

Early on the morning of January 1, I proceeded out the pike; met sergeant with the 6-pounder caisson, who had been unable the night previous to find the gun. Sent sergeant forward with the caisson, when the piece in command of Lieutenant Whittlesey moved up and took position on the left of Captain Schultz's battery, in an open field on the left center, joining General Crittenden's corps. I soon met Lieutenant Crable with the 12-pounder howitzer, the afternoon of the 31st, the enemy was about making a charge upon our transportation, when he placed the piece in position, fired 15 rounds of shell, doing good execution, where he remained during the night with a brigade of cavalry.

I found that our loss for December 31, 1862, summed up 43 horses, 4 guns, 3 limbers, 2 caissons and limbers; 3 men killed, 8 wounded, and 12 missing. I then moved the 12-pounder howitzer to the front and took position with the other piece. Receiving 50 rounds for howitzer and 80 rounds for 6-pounder Wiard, immediately reported to Colonel Miller, commanding brigade, and General Negley, commanding division.

About 10.30, shifted our position about 200 yards to our front and left; remained in this position about an hour, when we received orders to move immediately to the right, across the pike, into a cedar thicket, and took position in center of Missouri battery.

About 3 p.m., was ordered to move with division to the rear and right; finally took position in corn-field on the extreme right, in company with Captains Standart's, Schultz's, and Ellsworth's batteries (fixed prolonge), where we remained until dark, when we moved back close to the pike under cover of an elevation, where we remained during the night.

At daylight on the morning of January 2, again moved up on the elevation. At about 12 m., received orders to move over and take position on left center, same as day previous. The skirmishers kept up a lively fire along our front until 4 p.m., when I observed the enemy moving in masses through the open country on the opposite side of the river, on our left and front, driving back our forces on the opposite side of the river, when we commenced shelling them as fast as possible, receiving a cross-fire from the enemy's artillery. Soon Captain Schultz's on our left, and Captain Swallow's batteries on our right, fell back. I then ordered prolonge fixed, and retired about 40 yards; commenced firing, when I had 1 man and 3 horses killed on the piece. At the same time the enemy was repulsed, and the ground retaken.

January 3, held the same position as the day previous; fired several rounds on the enemy, shelling the woods to the right and front as our men advanced.

Late on January 4, advanced with the division on Murfreesborough pike about 1 mile; encamped on the right of pike. Early on the morning of the 5th, forded the river and passed through Murfreesborough.

Our losses are:* Horses killed, 34; horses captured by the enemy, 12. Total horses killed and captured, 46.

I take pleasure in referring to the valuable assistance rendered me by Lieutenants Crable and Whittlesey. Their gallant and heroic bearing not only inspired the men with courage, but is deserving of public commendation.

Orderly Sergeant Sliney and Sergeant Bills, Farwell, and Mitchell,

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 211.

---------------

