
by their promptness in the execution of orders, and by their unflinching courage in scenes of danger, merit particular mention. Others in the command evinced soldierly qualities of no common order. To mention their names might seem invidious.

I wish to make special mention of Quartermaster Treat, who showed great energy and perseverance in keeping the men supplied with rations during the severe weather of seven days that we were separated by miles from our transportation, and his promptness in looking after, collecting together, and reporting to me property and men, which in the confusion of falling back had separated from the command.

Respectfully submitted.

ALEXANDER MARSHALL,

Lieutenant, Comdg. Battery G, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery.

H. M. CIST,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 81. Report of Brig. General James G. Spears, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations January 2-9.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST TENNESSEE BRIGADE,Hawthorn's,near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 9, 1863.

GENERAL: I herewith beg leave to submit the following report, which is intended to embrace the action of the troops under my command from the 2nd instant up to the present date:

At 12 m. on January 2, 1863, when at Nashville, Tenn., I was ordered by Brigadier-General Johnson, military governor of the State, to immediately take command of the First and Second East Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, and such other troops as would be assigned me by Brigadier-General Mitchell, commanding post, which were the Fourteenth Michigan Volunteer Infantry, about 300 men strong, commanded by Captain ----; the Eighty-fifth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Moore commanding, 350 to 400 men strong, together with two sections of the Tenth Wisconsin Battery, commanded by Captain Beebe, and a company of cavalry, under Lieutenant ----; also Colonel Pickens, commanding 300 mounted volunteers of the Third Tennessee Cavalry, which forces were placed under my command for the purpose of conducting and protecting a train of 303 wagons, loaded with commissary stores for the army, then before Murfreesborough.

I assumed command of the said forces at the junction of Market street and Murfreesborough pike at 5 p.m., at which place I took up the line of march, throwing out skirmishers and otherwise disposing the forces under my command in such manner as I believed would best protect the train.

After marching all night I reported myself and command at Major-General Rosecrans' headquarters at 5 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd instant, and by his order turned over the train to his commissary.

Major-General Rosecrans then ordered me to report to General McCook, which I complied with, and, after receiving orders and instructions from General McCook, I placed the artillery under my command in position, drew up the infantry in line of battle, and the enemy failing to make any demonstrations in front, on the right wing, we stacked

