
The loss in my command of Tennessee troops was 4 wounded from the First Regiment and 7 wounded from the Second Regiment East Tennessee Volunteers. None killed or missing. The Fourteenth Regiment Michigan Volunteers, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips, of the First East Tennessee, reported 2 killed and 3 wounded. The regiment left for Nashville as soon as the engagement was over, with the Eighty-fifth Illinois Regiment, which, during the engagement, was held in reserve and had no casualties.

Nineteen prisoners were taken and sent to corps headquarters. The loss of the enemy in not known, but said to be considerable, his strength being variously estimated at from one to two brigades.

On the morning of the 4th instant, I received an order from Major-General Rosecrans informing me that I, together with my command, had been permanently attached to the Eighth Division, commanded by Brigadier-General Negley.

On the evening of the same day, I was ordered by General Negley to hold myself in readiness to march at a moment's warning.

At 10 o'clock at night, I received an order from General Negley to order one of my regiments to report to Colonel Miller, commanding Seventh Brigade, for picket duty, which order was complied with by sending forward Lieutenant-Colonel Melton, in command of the Second East Tennessee Regiment, at 1 a.m. on the 5th.

On the morning of the 5th, I received a verbal order from General Negley to immediately move forward with the remaining force under my command, consisting of the First East Tennessee Infantry, Colonel R. K. Byrd, and Sixth East Tennessee Infantry, Colonel Joseph A. Cooper; also two sections of a battery (Tenth Wisconsin) commanded by Captain Beebe, and support Colonel Miller, who was in advance, engaged in building a bridge over Stone's River for the purpose of crossing infantry, the railroad bridge having been burned and injured by the enemy to such an extent as to render is unsafe. Being detained, Colonel Byrd and Colonel Cooper set their men to repairing the railroad bridge, and crossed about the same time that Colonel Miller's rear crossed the other bridge, marching through the town of Murfreesborough, with my force in rear of Colonel Miller's brigade. I was there ordered by General Negley to take and occupy a position near the crest of the ridge on the Manchester pike, which position I now occupy.

In the mean time, the cavalry having advanced upon the rear of the enemy then in our front, and the skirmishing becoming heavy, I was ordered by General Negley to support the cavalry with one regiment of infantry and one section of artillery, which I did by immediately ordering Colonel Byrd's regiment of East Tennessee, 400 strong, and Captain Beebe, with one section of artillery, to go forward and report to Brigadier-General Stanley, commanding the cavalry in front.

The enemy had retreated to a point in the woods near the Manchester pike, 5 miles from Murfreesborough, where they had stopped and formed line of battle.

On the arrival of Colonel Byrd's and Captain Beebe's commands, a sharp fight took place, both side using artillery and small-arms, which resulted in a complete rout of the enemy, not, however, without some loss to us, Colonel Byrd losing 3 killed and 12 wounded, mostly slight.

About the time the fight was going on between our infantry and cavalry force of the enemy, I received a verbal order from General Negley to advance to the front with the remaining force under my command, which I did as rapidly as possible; but before I could arrive on the battle-field General Stanley, with his brigade of cavalry, and Colonel

