
Byrd, with his gallant Tennesseeans, aided by Captain Beebe's shells, had succeeded in driving the enemy, so that not one could be seen.

All the troops under my command behaved well, and Colonel R. K. Byrd, of the First East Tennessee, and Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips, of the same regiment, are both said to have distinguished themselves, Colonel Byrd having his horse shot and wounded, and several balls passing through his clothes. Several prisoners were taken.

The loss of the enemy has since proved to be some 30 in killed, besides wounded, which he took off.

The two sections of the Tenth Wisconsin Battery were not permanently attached to my command, and have since been ordered back to Nashville.

Herewith I inclose the reports of Colonel Cooper, Sixth East Tennessee Regiment Volunteer Infantry, describing the march from Nashville to this point, and his encounter with the enemy on his way.

The following is a list of casualties: Went into action, commissioned officers, 66; enlisted men, 734; horses, 8. Lost in action, killed, enlisted men, 3; wounded, commissioned officers, 1; enlisted men, 22; horses, wounded, 1. The Fourteenth Michigan and Eighty-fifth Illinois, which were ordered out of my command immediately after the action, I have no reports of.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

JAMES G. SPEARS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Tennessee Brigade.

Brig. General J. S. NEGLEY,

Commanding Eighth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

No. 82. Report of Colonel Joseph A. Cooper, Sixth Tennessee Infantry, of skirmish at Cox's Hill.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH EAST TENNESSEE VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 9, 1863.

SIR: Permit me to submit this my official report of the march of my regiment from Nashville to Murfreesborough, in obedience to Special Orders, No. 8, as follows:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, TENNESSEE VOLUNTEERS,No. 8. Nashville, Tenn., January 3, 1863.

Colonel Cooper, with his entire command for duty, will at once take up the line of march upon the Murfreesborough pike. They will take two days' rations. They will report on said road to Colonel Daniel McCook.

By command of General Spears:

D. C. TREWHITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Complying with the above order, we took up the line of march at 8 o'clock. We marched out to the junction of the pike, where we lay in the rain about three hours, waiting for the commanding officer, Colonel Daniel McCook. He arrived about 12 o'clock, and gave the following order:

The two regiments in advance of you will march in front with the regiment of regular cavalry, all except 50; the remaining 50 will act as near guard for the whole. Your regiment, the Sixth East Tennessee, will march immediately in rear of the train.

We then took up the line of march to Murfreesborough. We marched, without halting, about 6 miles, arriving this side the lunatic asylum.

