
There we, together with a part of the Second East Tennessee Cavalry,

which had come up with us, met a body of the enemy. The cavalry, filling to the right, engaged the enemy, who consisted of two or three regiments of cavalry, supported by a small piece of artillery. The cavalry fired one or two rounds and fled in confusion, running through the trains.

Just previous to this occurrence, I received order from Colonel McCook to move my regiment forward, on the left, to the loss of the rise. [sic] I moved forward in double-quick, gaining the point designated just in time to arrest the charge of the enemy. I engaged the enemy in a smart skirmish for some ten or fifteen minutes, killing some 6 or 8, wounding several, and capturing 10 prisoners. I met the enemy and repulsed them without assistance from the front. Immediately after the skirmish a battalion of infantry came up on the left, and assisted us in holding the position. We met the enemy and whipped them without the loss of a man, either in killed, wounded, or missing. My men acted with great coolness and bravery.

The train was soon reorganized, and we were again on the march. We arrived at La Vergne without interruption. At that point the two regiments in advance and the battalion, which came up during the skirmish, were mounted on the train, leaving my command on foot in rear of the train. I rode forward and asked Colonel McCook what I should do. He first said I had better encamp there with my command. I then told him it was "most too far from shore for me to cast anchor." He then ordered me to march on as fast as I could on foot, so that if they were attacked we could come up to their assistance,and said "he was ordered to go through that night." I obeyed said order, keeping in my rear the 100 cavalry first mentioned and a portion of the Second East Tennessee Cavalry until we arrived inside the lines. I then halted, let the cavalry pass, and went into camp for the night.

Next morning at daylight I took the line of march and marched to headquarters of Major-General Rosecrans, where I reported to Brig. General James G. Spears.

I had in all when I went to the skirmish, and also when it ended, present, 12 commissioned officers and 213 enlisted men.

All of the above I respectfully submit.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH A. COOPER,

Colonel Sixth East Tennessee Infantry.

Captain D. C. TREWHITT,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., First Brigade, East Tennessee Vols.

No. 83. Report of Colonel Timothy R. Stanley, Eighteenth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-NINTH BRIGADE,Battle-field, near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 4, 1863.

SIR: Before the smoke of battle is over, and while the dead lie unentered, I desire to make the following important report:

On the 30th of December the Eighth Division occupied the extreme right of the advance of the army at this point, my brigade occupying the right. The enemy were in our immediate front and extending to our right. It was expected that General McCook would occupy our right and first engage the enemy there. I directed Colonel Scott, with

