
ground occupied by the Eighth Division, and ordered my brigade forward across Stone's River to stay the advancing forces. This was done with a will, the Nineteenth Illinois leading, accompanied by the Seventh Brigade. They met the enemy with cheers, and with such determination that very soon the enemy gave way, followed closely by us, and were driven from every position up the hill through the woods, and through an open field to woods beyond.

In this gallant charge my brigade charged a battery and took three brass pieces. We occupied the field, and soon re-enforcements came to our relief, but it was nearly dark, and I did not deem it prudent to advance further without orders, as there was a battery in the woods beyond, which took effect upon us at short range. I here rallied my men and formed a little in rear of the crest of the hill. It was now about dark, and upon your order I withdrew my command to our former position.

In this engagement, as also in the one of December 31, the Seventh Brigade acted in concert with my own, and sometimes the two, to some extent, were intermingled, but fought together without confusion, and thus the troops from Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Michigan stood side by side, each vying with the other in the conflict.

With the exception of Colonel Cassilly, I know of no conduct worthy of censure, but much to commend. They acted with that bravery expected of well-disciplined troops fighting in a just cause. They stood manfully and bravely the appalling fire of much larger force, and in the last engagement met and repulsed the enemy in superior force, elated with a supposed victory. The officers and men, almost without exception, behaved with the most determined bravery.

Colonel Stoughton, of the Eleventh Michigan, was in the thickets of the fight, encouraging his men, and throughout both engagements acted with the most distinguished gallantry. Good judgment was also displayed by him in rallying his own men and others of my brigade at the crest of the hill in the last engagement, during my temporary absence on another part of the field. Colonel Scott, of the Nineteenth Illinois, was also where danger was most imminent, and by his coolness and bravery aided his regiment in their gallant defense the first day, and charge, the second. He was seriously wounded in the second engagement, and carried off the field cheering and encouraging his men.

Lieutenant-Colonel Given, of the Eighteenth Ohio, was also at his post, and the thinned ranks of that regiment show how well they exposed themselves to the missiles of the enemy. He was cool, brave, and judicious.

Those officers, by their coolness and bravery, as well as good judgment and promptness of action, aided me in all my orders, and thus, by combined action and cool bravery, the brigade sustained the most determined shocks and repulsed the enemy at all points.

It would be invidious in me more particularly to specify individual cases of bravery. Where all do well it is hard to particularize.

It is but just, however, to speak in commendation of Captain Brigham, of the Sixty-ninth Ohio. Under his leadership a part of the regiment was in front of the battle in the last engagement, and behaved most gallantly. The regiment is a good one, and only needed a leader the first day to have taken a more active part in that engagement.

The members of my staff, Lieutenants Bishop, Temple, Platt, Sweeny, Rarick, and Cunningham, all were prompt and efficient in carrying my orders and aiding me, no matter what the danger. The same may also be said of my orderlies and clerks, Coffin, Mercer, and Adams, and Agnew and Riley, who were prompt and efficient.

I deem it but an act of simple justice to say of our division commander

