
officer. For the last two months Colonel Stoughton has been provost-marshal of Murfreesborough, a difficult task, but has done his duty well.

Very respectfully, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

T. R. STANLEY,

Colonel Eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

No. 84. Report of Lieut. Colonel Alexander W. Raffen, Nineteenth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 10, 1863.

SIR: I would respectfully submit to you my report of the part taken by the Nineteenth Regiment Illinois Infantry in the late engagements before Murfreesborough.

On Tuesday morning, December 30, the regiment, under the command of its colonel, Joseph R. Scott, was, by your orders, deployed as skirmishers, to take possession of and hold certain buildings on the Nolensville pike. On the north side of said pike, on our front and right, opposite the above buildings, was a brick-yard, in which we found the enemy in strong numbers. We succeeded, after a short struggle, in driving in their line of skirmishers, which had been thrown out, taking possession of the designated places. We held the position thus gained until relieved, about 12 m. by the Forty-second Illinois on our right and the Eighteenth Ohio on our left. We then retired, and were held as a reserve, remaining in that position until next morning, the 31st.

At about 9 a.m. of the 31st we became engaged with a large force of the enemy. By your orders we changed our position, for the purpose of protecting and preventing, if possible, our right wing from being turned, which after some two hours' hard fighting,the enemy succeeded in doing. We retired, falling back in line of battle still farther. We again made a stand some 50 yards from the edge of the forest, engaging the enemy alone. We held our position, perhaps, half an hour, but our colonel, seeing that we were in danger of being outflanked, ordered a retreat, which was done in good order, falling back to the railroad. By your orders we changed our position several times during the day, but we were not engaged in action.

On Thursday, January 1, 1863, we changed our position several times, but did not become engaged with the enemy.

On the 2nd, about 3.30 p.m., the enemy suddenly attacked our left with great fury, and after some severe fighting the left gave way. We were then ordered forward to their support. Charging upon the enemy, we drove them back. Crossing Stone's River, we forced them beyond their batteries, capturing four of their guns, remaining masters of the field.

Early in the engagement our colonel, while gallantly leading his men, fell, severely, but not dangerously, wounded, the command then devolving upon me; and I here take great pleasure in testifying to the bravery and good conduct of both officers and men in my command. But where all did their duty so nobly, it would be unjust to discriminate.

