
Inclosed please find list of casualties in my command.*

Trusting the above may prove satisfactory, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. W. RAFFEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Nineteenth Illinois Infantry.

Colonel T. R. STANLEY,

Commanding Twenty-ninth Brigade.

No. 85. Report of Colonel William L. Stoughton, Eleventh Michigan Infantry.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH MICHIGAN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,In the Field, near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 4, 1863.

SIR: Agreeably to orders, I submit the following report of the part taken by the Eleventh Regiment Michigan Infantry in the recent engagement:

On the morning of December 31, heavy firing was heard to our right and front, and apparently rapidly approaching the position occupied by the Twenty-ninth Brigade. My regiment was immediately formed and marched to the brow of the hill, near brigade headquarters. The skirmishing soon after indicated the approach of the enemy to the right of this position, and, under orders from Colonel Stanley, and at the request of General Rousseau, the regiment was formed in line of battle under cover of a ledge of rocks, about 100 yards in this direction. The skirmishing continued with much spirit for about half an hour, when a heavy roar of musketry and artillery indicated that the principal attack of the enemy was being made immediately to our left and rear. I immediately gave orders to change front to the rear on the first company, which was promptly executed under a heavy fire, and the regiment advanced to the brow of the hill, from which Schultz's battery had first been drawn, under a galling fire, and poured a well-directed fire into the advancing columns of the enemy, and continued to load and fire with great coolness and bravery until the orders came to fall back. The fire of the enemy was apparently concentrated upon this point, and was terrific. The slaughter was great, and men and officers fell on every side. The regiment fell back about 100 yards, and was again formed and poured a fire into the enemy as he raised the brow of the hill, and then retired to the cover of the cedars in our rear. Here some confusion was at first manifested. A large number of regiments had fallen back here for protection, and the enemy's artillery and infantry opened upon us from all sides, except to our left, toward the Murfreesborough pike. Order was, however, promptly restored by our division and brigade commanders, and then my regiment, with the others, moved back in good order, keeping up a steady fire on the enemy. When near the cleared field, to the right of the Murfreesborough pike, the regiment was rallied and held the ground for twenty or thirty minutes, checking the advance of the enemy. It was then marched about half-way across the open field to the pike, when orders came to charge back into the cedars. My regiment promptly obeyed my orders, rallied, on their colors, and charged back into the woods with great gallantry, checking the enemy by their sudden and impetuous charge. After delivering

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.211.

---------------

