
our fire, orders came from the brigade commander to retire, and the regiment fell back, in good order, to the left of the Murfreesborough pike, Here closed the active operations of the day.

On the 2nd of January the regiment was again called into action. In the afternoon of that day we were posted in an open field in the rear of --- battery, on the left wing of the army, and about 100 yards to the right of Wilson's Creek. Between 3 and 4 o'clock the enemy made a heavy attack with artillery and infantry on our front. My command was kept lying on the ground, protected by a slight hill, for about thirty minutes. At the expiration of this time the enemy had driven back our forces on the opposite side of the creek, and one regiment crossed in great disorder, many without arms, and rushed through our ranks. As soon as the enemy came within range across the creek, my regiment, with the others of this brigade, rose up and gave him a destructive fire, and immediately charged over the creek, my line of battle was necessarily broken, and I led them forward to a fence on a rise of ground and formed them in line, when they immediately opened an effective fore on the enemy, who, in a short time, retreated through the woods. The regiment promptly advanced to the edge of the woods and delivered a rapid fire on him, as he retreated across the open field.

The Eleventh was among the first who crossed the creek and assisted in capturing four pieces of artillery abandoned by the enemy in their flight. At this time my ammunition was nearly exhausted, and I, with the other regiments in the advance, formed a line of battle, and held our position until recalled across the creek.

I cannot speak too highly of the bravery of the troops under my command. They fought with the coolness of veterans, and obeyed commands under the hottest fire with the precision of the parade ground.

Lieutenants Wilson and Flynn were killed gallantly discharging their duties as company commanders. Major Smith and Lieutenants Hall, Briggs, and Howard were wounded, the two former severely, and are prisoners of war.

The officers of my command, without exception, behaved with great gallantry, coolness, and fortitude. Where all nobly discharged their duty, it would, perhaps, be unjust to discriminate.

The following are the casualties, as far as known at this time: Killed, 25; wounded, 70; and missing, 23; aggregate loss, 118.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM L. STOUGHTON,

Colonel Eleventh Regiment Michigan Infantry.

M. D. TEMPLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 86. Report of Lieut. Colonel Josiah Given, Eighteenth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Before Murfreesborough, January 4, 1863.

I have the honor to report that on December 30 the Eighteenth Ohio Volunteers, under my command, with Captain A. Fenton, acting major,

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.211.

---------------

