
praise no one above another. All did well alike, except three or four cowards, who deserted their posts and went back to Nashville.

I hereto append a list of our loss.*

Your obedient servant,

JOSIAH GIVEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel T. R. STANLEY,

Commanding Twenty-ninth Brigade.

No. 87. Report of Lieut. Colonel F. Elliott, Sixty-ninth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-NINTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 10, 1863.

Agreeably to orders, I submit the following report of the part the Sixty-ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteers took in the battle of Stone's River, omitting all the incidents up to the morning of December 41, 1862:

The Sixty-ninth Regiment occupied the left of the Twenty-ninth Brigade, Negley's division, and was ordered to advance about 6 a.m. across the Nolensville pike. Did so, and sent out three companies to the front. Remained in that position one and a half hours. Received an order to fall back to the right of Schultz's battery, which was executed in good order, the regiment sustaining a heavy fire from front and flank during that time. Remained in that position, fighting, until the division was ordered to retire back as far as the pike. There the regiment was reformed.

During all these moves and fighting we had many killed and wounded. During this time Colonel Cassilly was wounded through the arm, severely. Major Hickcox had his horse shot under him, falling on him, and so severely bruising him as to compel him to leave the field. The command was then turned over to Captain Putman, he being the senior officer present. Was ordered up to the front, and sustained a heavy fire. Was then ordered to retire by General Negley, in person.

During this days' fighting I was back at Stewart's Creek; left there with a detachment of 200 men. Arrived on the battle-field at 5 p.m. and took command.

Thursday was occupied in skirmishing with the enemy on our right. Nothing of special interest occurred during the day.

Friday, January 2, was ordered to the left, where we took up a position and kept it until 3 p.m. At this time the division on the left of Stone's River was attacked by the enemy, and, after a short fight, fell back.

At this time we were ordered out into a corn-field, and lay down until the enemy came within 300 yards. We then arose, fired, and charged up to the bank of Stone's River, and halted a few minutes and fired across the river. Then crossed the river and reformed, and charged them for half a mile, and assisted to take a battery. The enemy having fallen back, we slowly retired to the woods and took care of our wounded and dead, which, I am sorry to say, was heavy. (A full list has already been forwarded to brigade headquarters.) It was now dark, and we were ordered out on picket in front.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.211.

---------------

