
immediately done by the men of that regiment, and the Nineteenth Illinois, Sixty-ninth Ohio, and, perhaps, others. The Twenty-first Ohio coming in opportunely on the left, the battery, consisting of four guns, was taken and hauled off by the men.

The colors of the Twenty-sixth Tennessee (rebel) at the time of the charge were near the battery, and were taken by men of the Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania and brought to the rear. Another battery, farther to the front, all this time kept up a heavy fire of grape and canister upon our forces, but without much effect.

Seeing my troops in the disorder which follows such success, and being nearly out of ammunition, I sent a staff officer back to General Negley for re-enforcements with which to pursue the enemy. I ordered the troops to halt and reform, so as to hold the ground until relieved by other troops. This being done, a large body of troops were soon brought to our lines, when I withdrew my command to reform and procure ammunition. At this time Colonel Stanley crossed the river and took command of the regiments of his brigade on that side of the river. I brought my troops across to the right bank of the river, by order of General Negley, reformed them, supplied them with ammunition, and took position as support for the batteries on the hill in front.

The troops in this action behave most gallantly, and deserve the highest credit for their bravery. Of the officers who participated in this engagement, honorable mention should be made of Colonel William Sirwell, Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania; Colonel Joseph R. Scott, Nineteenth Illinois, who was severely wounded while leading his regiment; Colonel William L. Stoughton, Eleventh Michigan; Colonel Granville Moody, Seventy-fourth Ohio; Lieutenant-Colonel Neibling, Twenty-first Ohio; Lieutenant-Colonel Elliott, commanding Sixty-ninth Ohio; Major T. C. Bell, Seventy-fourth Ohio; Lieutenant-Colonel Ward and Major Kimble, Thirty-seventh Indiana; Captain William Inness, Nineteenth Illinois; Captain Fisher and Lieutenant McElravy, Seventy-fourth Ohio. The gallantry of these officers, and of many others, cannot be excelled.

To my staff officers I am greatly indebted for their efficient and valuable services in both these engagements, as well as for their general efficiency and faithfulness.

Major A. B. Bonnaffon, Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, topographical engineer; First Lieutenant Henry M. Cist, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Alfred Ayers, Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant S. F. Cheney, Twenty-first Ohio, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant F. I. Tedford, Seventy-fourth Ohio, brigade inspector, all deserve the highest credit for the ability displayed in the discharge of their duties, and for their distinguished gallantry and cool courage on the field. I am also under many obligations to Lieutenant Robert Mungen, brigade quartermaster, and Lieutenant Frank Riddle, brigade commissary, for the able manner in which they discharged their duties.

Chaplain Lozier, of the Thirty-seventh Indiana, rendered valuable service by his labor for the comfort of the men and in taking care of the wounded. His bravery and kindness were conspicuous throughout.

I am informed that Surgeon Anderson, Thirty-seventh Indiana, brigade surgeon, performed his duties in a highly satisfactory manner.

Privates Nicholas J. Vail, Nineteenth Illinois, and W. J. Vance, Twenty-first Ohio, acted as orderlies, and deserve honorable mention for their efficiency and bravery. They are both worthy of promotion to the rank of lieutenant. I also recommend for promotion Sergts. H. A. Miller, A. R. Weaver, F. Mechling, Corpl. W. Hugles, Seventy-eighth

