
as merit the highest praise. He at all times was at his post, coolly, bravely, and nobly doing his entire duty, causing his willing men to be more energetic.

I cannot mention any individual case of bravery among the officers or men without doing injustice to every unmentioned one. Officers and men labored with that energy and presence of mind which distinguished the soldier from the coward. I return my heartfelt thanks to each and every officer and enlisted man for their noble co-operation during the entire engagement. I trust their country will be mindful of them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM D. WARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant H. M. CIST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Seventh Brigade.

No. 90. Report of Colonel James M. Neibling, Twenty-first Ohio Infantry.

CAMP TWENTY-FIRST OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,

Near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 10, 1863.

SIR: I respectfully submit to you the following report of the action of my regiment in the battle of Stone's River:

After a march occupying three days, during which skirmishing with the enemy was fierce and continuous, by your order I bivouacked my regiment upon the field on the evening of December 29, ultimo, in its brigade position.

On the morning of December 30, ultimo, my regiment was thrown into position with reserve corps, on the right center.

Sharp picket fighting occupied the day, and on the morning of December 31, ultimo, the enemy made his appearance on the center and right wing. The battle raged with uninterrupted fury, and we lay upon the field during the night. I cannot picture to you the gallant conduct of my men during the fight of the 31st ultimo. Officers and men universally fought with desperation and bravery.

January 1, the enemy refused to show himself in force on the center, and at nigh we again slept on the field.

January 2, indicated fight. At 3 p.m., by your orders, my regiment took position to support General Van Cleve's division, on the left. At about 4 p.m. the enemy, in force, showed his front in pursuit of our retreating troops. Lying down in line, we watched the approach of the enemy, exulting over his fancied success. A charge was ordered, and, although my regiment was much impeded by the disorganized flight of infantry, artillery, and riderless horses, my regiment reached the opposite bank of Stone's River and engaged the enemy. The struggle which ensued was desperate and bloody. We succeeded in driving him beyond his line of artillery, which he left on the field as trophies. The enemy was completely routed, and night closed pursuit, leaving us in possession of a battle-field 2 miles in extent.

I could mention many instance of individual heroism. Captain Caton, Company H, gallantly bore the colors across the river in the charge. Captains McMahon, Canfield, and Alban were conspicuous in the struggle.

