
Lieutenant Wiley, of Company C, commanding Company A, fell, mortally wounded. Lieutenants Knaggs, Allen, and Bumpus fell, severely wounded, while cheering their men to the charge.

Lieutenant-Colonel Stougthon and Major Walker deserve all praise for their efficient and prompt action during the fight. Indeed, all vied with each other in the performance of their several duties.

I herewith append a list* of the killed, wounded, and missing, for whom amid our cheers of victory, let us not forget to drop a soldier's tear.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES M. NEIBLING,

Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-first Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Colonel JOHN F. MILLER,

Comdg. Seventh Brigade, Eighth Div., Fourteenth Army Corps.

No. 91. Report of Colonel Granville Moody, Seventy-fourth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-FOURTH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the results of the engagements of December 31, 1862, and January 2, 1863, as affecting the Seventy-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, under my command.

Colonel Miller, commanding the Seventh Brigade, Eighth Division, of the Fourteenth Army Corps, was pleased to assign to my command the position of the left center of the brigade. In the action of December 31 we were posted on the slope of an eminence facing and commanding the position held by the Rock City Guards and other regiments composing one of the most efficient brigades of the rebel forces under General Withers. I am justly proud, sir, of my regiment. The brave and persistent men of my command promptly obeyed every order on that field of blood and deadly strife, and contributed largely to the glorious victory which has driven the entire rebel force from their chosen field, and has placed us in undisputed possession of Murfreesborough, Tenn.

Allow me, in this connection, to note the gallant action of the Twenty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Neibling, on our left; the Thirty-seventh Indiana on our right, under command of Colonel Hull, and the Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania, Colonel Sirwell. These regiments displayed the utmost bravery, inspiring all around with the high resolve to emulate their devotion to the cause in which we have mutually invested our all.

I take the greatest pleasure in reporting the gallant conduct of all the officers of the Seventy-fourth Regiment. Major Thomas C. Bell, the only field officer with me, did his whole duty in the several engagements in the nine days' battle. Cool, fearless, and prompt, he proved himself to be the right man in the right place.

I desire to record the superior qualities evinced by the adjutant of the regiment, Lieutenant William F. Armstrong, of Company C. In addition to his marked business habits, to which the regiment is greatly indebted, his bravery and efficiency on the battle-field entitle him to distinguished consideration. Our line officers, too, without exception,

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 211.

---------------

