
have won the highest regards by their eminently good conduct before the enemy and in the fiery ordeal through which they have passed. Lieutenants William McGinnis, commanding Company H; Richard King, commanding Company B; Robert Stevenson, commanding Company C; Robert Hunter, commanding Company D; Captain Joseph Fisher and Lieutenant H. H. Hering, of Company E; Captain Walter Crook, and Lieutenants M. Peters and Joseph Hamill, of Company F; Lieutenant T. C. McElravy, commanding Company G, with Lieutenant George Bricker, of the same company; Captain Joseph Ballard and First Lieutenant Snodgrass, of Company H; Lieutenant Robert Cullen, of Company I, and William H. Reed, second lieutenant of Company K-these officers, sir, all did their duty bravely; there was no flinching in any one of them; each faced the iron hail unmoved; each was in place superintending the movements and cheering his men in the terrible work they were called on to perform.

Lieutenant Peters was severely wounded in the wrist, and was compelled to retire about the middle of the action on the 31st. Lieutenant Snodgrass was last seen just before the closing struggle, cheering his men, clapping his hands, saying, "Work away, my lads; we are gaining ground!" Noble fellow! He was wounded shortly afterward, and is reported among the missing. We fear he was mortally wounded. Captain Crook and Lieutenant Cullen were also wounded in the action of the 31st, the latter dangerously. Captain Ballard was wounded in the shoulder slightly.

In the action of January 2 the Seventy-fourth Regiment occupied its position in the brigade, and aided in the decisive repulse of the rebel forces under Generals Cheatham and Hanson, in which they were driven over Stone's River, and over the hill and through the fields beyond, where our soldiers made the successful charge on the rebel batteries as they belched their fiery fury on the Federal forces. At the close of that eventful onward movement, the flag of the Seventy-fourth was waving on the outer lines amid the rejoicing of its stern supporters, and there remained until recalled by the order of General Negley to reform his division in the rear of the artillery in the center.

The review which I have made of the battle-fields over which we have together made our way during this nine days' struggle shows the awful effectiveness of our arms, the desperate obstinacy which characterizes our troops,and warrants the belief that, though our pathway may be over bloody fields and thickly planted grave-yards, yet the flag of Washington, Jefferson, Jackson, and the heroes of our glorious Union, endeared by a thousand precious memories, and the symbol of greater, grander destiny, shall be up hell and be borne along aloft till it shall float in unquestioned supremacy over over all its ancient domain.

The following reports I have just received from our company commanders, and forwarded by Sergt. James Worden to headquarters.

Allow me to say, in behalf of the Seventy-fourth Regiment, officers and men, that with such commanders as Major-General Rosecrans, General Negley, and Colonel John F. Miller, we are prepared to go forward and follow the fortunes of the flag with increasing confidence in the cause of our country against its rebel foes.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

GRANVILLE MOODY,

Colonel, Comdg. Seventy-fourth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

H. M. CIST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

