
returning the next day to rejoin the brigade at this place at about 8 o'clock at night. This regiment rendered important service, checking and forcing back fugitives.

About 11 p.m of the 30th I was ordered to move forward as soon as relieved by General Stanley. At 7.30 a.m. of the 31st General Stanley relieved me, and again ordered me to move to the front. While on the march, and near the crossing of Stewart's Creek, I received an order from Major-General Rosecrans to take up a strong position and defend the trains at the creek. I hastened forward, and at the creek was met by a large number of fugitives, fleeing to the rear, and spreading most exaggerated reports of disaster to the right wing of our army. I immediately brought the Fourth Michigan Battery into position on the high hill east of the road, and formed my infantry in line of battle to support it. The Tenth Ohio Volunteers, commanded by Colonel Burke, was drawn up in line of battle on the west side of the road. Our position was such as to completely command the road, as well as a wide area stretching off to the front. I here stopped the first stampede, compelling men who had thrown away their guns to pick them up again and return to the field.

We had remained here but a few moments until I received an order from Major-General Thomas, again directing me to move to the front and join my brigade to General Rousseau's division. I was also at this point notified by General Stanley that he would move forward on my right flank with a force of cavalry. It was about 9 a.m. when I again moved forward, throwing a line of skirmishers to the front, for the two-fold purpose of driving back fugitives and giving me timely warming if an enemy should approach.

About 10 a.m. I reached the headquarters of Major-General Thomas, and here, learning from you that but a short time previous a large body of rebel cavalry had menaced that part of the field, I again took up a position in the corn-field, fronting the headquarters, throwing my battalions into squares, and masking a section of guns in the center of each square.

I remained in this position but a few moments until another stampede of mules, negroes, fugitives, and cowards of every grade were seen swarming to the rear. At this moment Captain Mackay, of Major-General Thomas' staff, rode up and requested me, if possible, to check the stampede. I at once reduced my squares, forming line of battle with my right resting upon the road. The appearances, forming line of battle with my right resting upon the road. The appearance of this force appeared to reassure and give confidence to the runaways. Men and mules all stopped.

Again receiving your instructions to move to the front, I advanced on this side of the creek, but was here again met by an order directing me to watch my right flank with great vigilance, as the rebel cavalry was again in strong force menacing that part of the field. I again formed a line of battle, taking advantage of a piece of woodland lying to the right of the road, from a piece of high land immediately in front of which I had a good view of the field to our right. I remained here a short time, and, no enemy approaching, I moved forward to the front.

At 1 o'clock I reached the point on the turnpike in front of General Rosecrans' headquarters, on the field. Here, in accordance with instructions, I reported to General McCook, who ordered me to take up a position on his left, which I did, and remained here comparatively inactive until about sundown, when I was ordered by General Johnson to move to the front, which I did, forming a double line of battle and throwing out a strong body of skirmishers. We remained in this position all

