
assigned us in the best manner we knew how. We are in good condition to perform any service which may be required of us, and will do it cheerfully, whatever it may be, as we have ever heretofore done.

Respectfully submitted.

M. B. WALKER,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Major GEORGE E. FLYNT.

No. 93. Report of Colonel Daniel McCook, Fifty-second Ohio Infantry, commanding brigade, Fourth Division.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SEVENTH [FOURTH] DIVISION,Nashville, January 5, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with orders received from Generals Mitchell and Morgan, I proceeded, with eight companies of the Sixtieth Regiment Illinois Infantry, two companies of the Tenth Regiment Michigan Infantry, the Sixth Tennessee Infantry, and the left wing of the Fifty-second Ohio Volunteers, together with detachments of the Third and Fourth Ohio, and Second Tennessee Cavalry, to escort an ammunition and hospital train of 95 wagons to the main army lying in front of Murfreesborough.

Within 7 miles of Nashville, General Wheeler and [Colonel] Wade, with 3,000 men and three pieces of artillery, attacked the train. I ordered Colonel Toler, with the Sixtieth Illinois Regiment and two companies of the Tenth Michigan Regiment, to seize some wooded and high ground on the right of the road, the side upon which the attack was being made. Orders were sent to hurry up the Sixth Tennessee and the Fifty-second Ohio. The enemy soon drove in the cavalry flankers, and about 60 of them reached the train. That portion of our cavalry upon the flank could not be rallied, and I endeavored alone to stem the tide-was completely surrounded by the rebels-wounding at least one with my pistol. While in this position Colonel Zahm and First Lieutenant E. L. Anderson, Fifty-second Ohio, with about 20 men, charged upon the body of rebels at the train and drove them off. As soon as Colonel Toler got into position he opened a destructive fire upon the main body of the rebels, and put them to flight. The Sixth Tennessee and the Fifty-second Ohio did not get up in time to take any active part in the struggle, but are worthy of all praise for the alacrity with which they double-quicked to the scene of action. Too much praise cannot be given to Colonel Zahm for his good judgment and dashing bravery during the fight. Colonel Toler and Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson, with officers and men under their command, behaved with commendable gallantry. To Major Lee, One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois, acting upon my staff; Lieutenant Anderson, my aide, and Lieutenant Swift, Fifty-second Ohio, brigade inspector, I am under many obligations for their judgment in delivering and gallantry in carrying orders. The rebels lost 2 officers and 13 men killed, 2 officers and 12 men taken prisoners, and 11 wounded. Our loss was 2 wounded, one of whom has since died. The train proceeded without further molestation to Murfreesborough.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant WISEMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

