
No. 94. Reports of Major-General Thomas L. Crittenden, U. S. Army, commanding Left Wing.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, December 26, 1862.

COLONEL: The left wing marched this morning, in conformity with orders, for La Vergne, Brigadier-General Palmer, commanding Second Division, taking the advance, preceded by three regiments of cavalry, under Colonel Kennett. When approaching the eleventh mile-stone, our cavalry encountered the enemy's pickets. The skirmish was sharp, but quickly ended by our cavalry driving them from their cover in the cedars, and capturing 6 prisoners. Two of our men were severely wounded, but are doing well. Two miles from La Vergne the enemy met us in considerable force. We occupied some time in artillery firing, without much result (we having 1 killed and 1 wounded), until Brigadier-General Cruft, with two regiments, the First Kentucky and Thirty-first Indiana, with the cavalry securing his left, and a section of artillery pressing down the road, passing under cover of the woods to the right of the enemy, attacked them, and, with great spirit, drove them across the creek into the town. He reports 1 killed and 5 wounded. At the same time Colonel Whitaker, with two regiments, attacked the enemy's left, and, after an animated contest, drove them from the thick woods toward the village, but, night coming on, he withdrew to the camp, having 7 men wounded, none killed. In all these skirmishes the enemy fought with such determination as to induce the belief that there must have been a large force in the neighborhood. Our troops are in excellent condition, and manifest the finest military spirit and enthusiasm.

The rebel force in the beginning is reported by prisoners to have consisted of four regiments of cavalry, one of infantry, and eight pieces of artillery (we saw only four pieces), but during the affair five other regiments came up. We could not ascertain the loss of the enemy.

Recapitulation: Killed of our troops, 2; wounded, 16; prisoners captured, 12.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff.

P. S.-I am waiting anxiously to hear from you and of the fight which took place on the right. The firing for a time was apparently heavy. My command is all ordered to be under arms and ready at daylight.

ONE MILE NORTH LA VERGNE, December 26, 1862-4.30 o'clock.

COLONEL: I must camp here. It will be dark before my first division can get into camp. The enemy are now skirmishing briskly on the ground where I propose to camp one division. I have no reason to think there is a heavy force near me but that I have obstinately opposed for several hours, they giving way slowly and taking advantage of every favorable position. I will move up in the morning early to Stewartsborough with a division, and try to save the bridge, but with

