
as regimental commanders, mentioned by my division commanders as meriting promotion. I respectfully refer the general commanding to division, brigade, and regimental reports, and solicit for the gallant officers and men who have distinguished themselves for conduct and bravery in battle the honors they have won. We have officers who have commanded brigades for almost a year, though they have but the rank of colonel. In such cases, and in all like cases, as where a lieutenant commands a company, it seems, if the officers have capacity for their commands on the field, that they should have the rank the command is entitled to.

The report of Captain Mendenhall, chief of artillery to the left wing, shows the efficiency, skill, and daring with which our artillery officers handled their batteries. Division and brigade commanders vie with each other in commendations of our different batteries; some of these batteries, fighting as they did in all parts of the field, won praises from all. To these officers also attention is called, with a sincere hope that they may be rewarded as their valor and bearing deserve.

Major Lyne Starling, assistant adjutant-general to the left wing, has been for nearly eighteen months the most indefatigable officer I ever knew in his department. His services to me are invaluable. On the field here, as well as at Shiloh, he was distinguished even amid so many brave men for his daring and efficiency.

Captain R. Loder, inspector-general of the left wing has entitled himself to my lasting gratitude by his constant and able management of his department. It is sufficient to say that the gallant and lamented Colonel Garesche told him in my presence, but a short time before the battle, that he had proven himself to be the best inspector-general in the army. On the field of battle bravery was added to the same efficiency and activity which marked his conduct in the camp.

Captain John Mendenhall, who has been mentioned already as chief of artillery to my command, but of whom too much good cannot be said, is also topographical engineer on my staff. In this capacity, as in all where he works, the work is well and faithfully done. His services at Shiloh, of which I was an eye-witness, his splendid conduct as chief of artillery of the left wing, his uniform soldierly bearing, point him out as eminently entitled to promotion.

To the medical director of the left wing, Dr. A. J. Phelps, the thanks of the army and country are due, not only for his prompt attention to the wounded, but for his arrangements for their immediate accommodation. He took good care not only of the wounded of my command, but of more than 2,000 wounded from other corps and from the enemy. Since the battle I have visited his hospitals, and can bear testimony to the efficiency of the medical department of this wing.

Captain Louis M. Buford and Lieutenant George Knox, my aides-de-camp, were brave, active, and efficient helps to me all through the battle. Captain Buford was struck just over the heart, fortunately by a ball too far spent to penetrate, and which only bruised. The captain and Lieutenant Knox were frequently exposed to the heaviest firing as they fearlessly carried my orders to all parts of the field.

Captain Case, of the Signal Corps, tendered his services as a volunteer aide, and proved himself a bold soldier and an efficient aide.

Two other officers of the same corps, Lieutenant Jones and ---, tendered their services as aides, and were placed on my staff during the battle, and I thank them sincerely for their services.

Lieutenant Bruner, of the Third Kentucky Cavalry, who commanded my escort, was as quietly brave on the battle-field as he is mild and gentlemanly

