
near La Vergne, by a rebel battery. It was opposed by a section of artillery serving with the cavalry, which, being unable to dislodge the enemy, our advance battery (Captain Standard's, Battery B, First Ohio) was, after a little delay, put in position and opened fire, soon silencing the enemy's battery.

December 27, General Hascall took the advance with his brigade and Lieutenant Estep's Eighth Indiana Battery. They marched steadily forward until the enemy was driven across Stewart's Creek, the battery halting only when it was necessary to fire; two pieces were posted near, covering the brigade.

December 28, some artillery was so disposed as to check the enemy, should he attempt to destroy or retake the bridge.

December 29, Lieutenant Parsons, commanding Batteries H and M, Fourth Artillery, being in a commanding position, threw a few shells about 9 a.m., driving the enemy's pickets from the opposite woods. Our column advanced across the bridge at 10 a.m., meeting with little resistance until within about 3 miles of Murfreesborough. Our troops were placed in line of battle as they came up, the artillery remaining with their divisions.

December 30, about 9 a.m., the enemy opened upon Captain Cox's, Tenth Indiana Battery (which was between the pike and the railroad, and in front partially covered by woods). Captain Bradley's Sixth Ohio Battery at once took a position to the left of the woods and in a corn-field. The two batteries soon silenced that of the enemy. One shot killed a man near where a number of general and staff officers were standing, and another, passing through Battery H, Fourth Artillery, killed one man and wounded another, besides disabling a horse.

December 31, the left wing started to cross Stone's River about 8 a.m., but before a division had crossed, intelligence was received that the right was falling back. Colonel Fyffe's brigade, which was about crossing, was ordered to countermarch and move at double-quick to the right. Captain Swallow's Seventh Indiana Battery operated for a time with this brigade, shelling the rebel cavalry from the brick hospital, &amp;c. Colonel Beatty's brigade, having recrossed the river, advanced to the support of the right wing, but the Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Battery. Lieutenant Stevens commanding, being unable to follow the brigade through the woods, took a position near the pike, and received the enemy with shot and shell as he advanced after our retreating columns, and, I think, did his part in checking him. He advanced as they retreated, and took a position in a corn field on the right of the pike, near the three-mile post, and again opened upon the enemy. The position of this battery underwent several changes during the rest of the day, but remained in the same immediate vicinity. Lieutenant Livingston, having recrossed the river with the brigade, took a position commanding the ford, and about 12 m. opened upon the enemy's cavalry, while attempting to drive off some of our wagons which had crossed the river, and were near a hospital we had established on the other side. They were driven away with little booty.

The batteries of General Wood's division (Cox's Tenth Indiana, Estep's Eighth Indiana, and Bradley's Sixth Ohio, all under command of Major Race, of the First Ohio Artillery) fought with the brigades with which they were serving. I had no occasion to give special orders to either of them during the day. The batteries of General Palmer's division served with it during the morning, rendering good service. Captain Standart's battery (B, First Ohio) fell back with General Cruft's brigade, and was not again engaged during the day.

