
once rode briskly over, and, arriving upon the hill near the ford, saw our infantry retiring before the enemy. The general asked me if I could not do something to relieve Colonel Beatty with my guns. Captain Swallow had already opened with his battery. I ordered Lieutenant Parsons to move a little forward and open with his guns; then rode back to bring up Lieutenant Estep, with his Eighth Indiana Battery. Meeting Captain Morton, with his brigade of Pioneers, he asked for advice, and I told him to move briskly forward with his brigade, and send his battery to the crest of the hill, near the batteries already engaged. The Eighth Indiana Battery took position to the right of Lieutenant Parsons.

Seeing that Lieutenant Osburn was in position (between Lieutenants Parsons and Estep), I rode to Lieutenant Stevens (Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Battery), and directed him to change front, to fire to the left and open fire; and then to Captain Standart, and directed him to move to the left with his pieces; and he took position covering the ford. I found that Captain Bradley had anticipated my wishes, and had changed front to fire to the left, and opened upon the enemy; this battery was near the railroad. Lieutenant Livingston's (Third Wisconsin) battery (which was across the river) opened upon the advancing enemy, and continued to fire until he thought he could no longer maintain his position, when he crossed over, one section at a time, and opened fire again. The firing ceased about dark.

During this terrible encounter of little more than an hour in duration, forty-three pieces of artillery, belonging to the left wing, the Board of Trade Battery of six guns, and the batteries of General Negley's division, about nine guns, making a total of about fifty-eight pieces, opened fire upon the enemy. The enemy soon retired, our troops following; three batteries of the left wing, besides those of General Davis, crossed the river in pursuit.

During this engagement Lieutenant Parsons had one of his howitzers dismounted by a shot from the enemy, but it was almost immediately replaced by one captured from the enemy, and brought over by the Nineteenth Illinois Regiment.

The following are the casualties, &amp;c., in the several batteries:

Enlisted men.

Designation of	 Commanding	 Commi	 Kille	 Wound	 Missi

battery.	 officer.	 ssion	 d.	 ed.	 ng.

 	 ed

 	 offic

 	 ers

 	 wound

 	 ed.

Batteries H and	 Lieut. C. C.	 --	 2	 14	 6

M, 4th Artillery	 Parsons.

Battery B, 1st	 Captain	 --	 3	 13	 3

Ohio	 Standart

Battery F, 1st	 Captain	 1	 2	 12	 --

Ohio*	 Cockerill

7th Indiana	 Captain Swallow	 1	 4	 7	 --

Battery

3rd Wisconsin	 Lieutenant	 --	 --	 4	 --

Battery	 Livingston

26th Pennsylvania	 Lieutenant	 --	 2	 7	 --

Battery	 Stevens

8th Indiana	 Lieutenant	 --	 --	 6	 6

Battery	 Estep

10th Indiana	 Captain Cox	 --	 1 	 4	 --

Battery

6th Ohio Battery	 Captain Bradley	 --	 2	 2	 1

Total	 ---	 2	 16	 69	 16

H o r s e s.

Designation of	 Commanding	 Killed	 Disabl	 Missin

battery.	 officer.	 .	 ed.	 g.

Batteries H and M,	 Lieut. C. C.	 20	 --	 --

4th Artillery	 Parsons.

Battery B, 1st Ohio	 Captain	 21	 --	 --

 Standart

Battery F, 1st Ohio*	 Captain	 24	 --	 --

 Cockerill

7th Indiana Battery	 Captain Swallow	 1	 4	 4

3rd Wisconsin	 Lieutenant	 9	 --	 --

Battery	 Livingston

26th Pennsylvania	 Lieutenant	 7	 --	 --

Battery	 Stevens

8th Indiana Battery	 Lieutenant	 15	 4	 --

 Estep

10th Indiana Battery	 Captain Cox	 12	 --	 --

6th Ohio Battery	 Captain Bradley	 16	 5	 --

Total	 ---	 125	 13	 4

G u n s.

Designation of	 Commanding	 Disab	 Disab	 Rounds

battery.	 officer.	 led	 led	 of

 	 by	 by	 ammuniti

 	 enemy	 firin	 on

 	 .	 g.	 expended

Batteries H and M,	 Lieut. C. C.	 1	 --	 2,299

4th Artillery	 Parsons.

Battery B, 1st Ohio	 Captain Standart	 --	 --	 1,610

Battery F, 1st	 Captain Cockerill	 --	 2	 1,080

Ohio*

7th Indiana Battery	 Captain Swallow	 --	 --	 406

3rd Wisconsin	 Lieutenant	 --	 --	 358

Battery	 Livingston

26th Pennsylvania	 Lieutenant	 --	 --	 1,650

Battery	 Stevens

8th Indiana Battery	 Lieutenant Estep	 --	 --	 871

10th Indiana	 Captain Cox	 --	 2	 1,442

Battery

6th Ohio Battery	 Captain Bradley	 --	 --	 500

Total	 ---	 1	 4	 10,216

---------------

*This battery had a limber blown up on the 31st.

---------------

