
and for their gallant and manly bearing under the heaviest fire, they richly deserve the highest commendation and the gratitude of their countrymen. Colonel Wagner and Harker have long and ably commanded brigade, and I respectfully submit it would be simply an act of justice to confer on them the actual and legal rank of the command they have so long exercised.

To Surg. W. W. Blair, Fifty-eighth Indiana Volunteers; Captain M. P. Bestow, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant J. L. Yaryan, Fifty-eighth Indiana Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Captain T. R. Palmer, Thirteenth Michigan Volunteers, inspector-general, and Major Walker, Second Indiana Cavalry, volunteer aide-de-camp, my thanks are due and cordially given. Captain L. D. Myers, division quartermaster; Captain S. D. Henderson, commissary of subsistence to the division, and First Lieutenant Martin, Twenty-first Ohio, signal officer, but for some time engaged in performing the duties of acting assistant quartermaster, great credit is due for the intelligent and efficient performance of duty in their respective departments. Captain Bruce, Fifty-eighth Indiana Volunteers, ordnance officer of the First Brigade deserves credit for valuable services rendered in the ordnance department, for the entire division, during the absence of the division ordnance officer.

My division is composed of regiments from the States of Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Michigan, and Kentucky. To the relatives and personal friends of those who have fallen in defense of their country, I would respectfully offer my sympathy and condolence.

About 10 o'clock Wednesday morning, during one of the heaviest attacks, I was struck by a minie ball on the inner side of the left heel. Fortunately the ball struck obliquely, or the injury would have been much severer. My boot was torn open, the foot lacerated, and a severe contusion inflicted. I did not dismount from my horse until 7 o'clock in the evening.

The coldness of the night, combined with the injury, made my foot so painful and stiff as to render it evident I would not be effective for immediate service. I was ordered by the commanding general of the corps to repair that night, by ambulance, with an escort, to this city. It was with extreme regret I found myself in a condition to make it necessary, on account of my injury, to leave the division I had formed and so long commanded; but the regret was alleviated by the reflection that I had left the division in command of an able and experienced officer, one who had long served with it, knew it well, and in whom it had confidence.

I am still confined to my room, but trust ere long to be able to resume my duties.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major LYNE STARLING,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Left Wing, Fourteenth Army Corps.

DAYTON, OHIO, January 28, 1863.

SIR: In my official report of the operations of my division, from the time it moved from Nashville, on the 26th ultimo, to the date of my relinquishing command of it, I omitted to mention the passage of Stone's River the evening of the 29th ultimo by the Third (Harker's) Brigade.

After the division had marched within 2 1/2 miles of Murfreesborough,

