
the movement of the army till another could be constructed, the stream not being fordable at or near that point.

Shortly after this the enemy retired, and the Third Kentucky was ordered to hold the bridge, which they do at this time. Having accomplished the work set before me, I was about arranging my men in camp, and had got the One hundredth Illinois in position to cover the front of my proposed camp, and the Twenty-sixth Ohio in position, when I found myself suddenly attacked on my left flank by a force of the enemy's cavalry, who were endeavoring to cut their way to the bridge. I immediately ordered the Twenty-sixth to change front forward on the left company, to resist the attack in that direction. This repulsed the attack. Captain Munger's company, of the One hundredth Illinois, had been sent to the left to protect the flank of the regiment, and the enemy endeavored to cut them off and take them prisoners. The company turned upon them, fired, and demanded their surrender; which, being declined, they pressed upon them, drove them into the fence corners, and captured 24 of them, including Lieutenant J. J. Seawell. They called themselves "Alabama Partisan Rangers." With them were captured 12 horses and saddles and 12 guns. The residue of them made their escape by flight. We took 10 or 12 other prisoners during the day, which I sent to the rear. I am not aware how much force we were contending with during the day, but we took prisoners from six or seven different regiments, principally Tennessee regiments.

For more minute particulars of the parts performed by the different regiments and the battery, I refer you to their reports, inclosed.

All my officers and men did their duty nobly, and I feel that it would be unjust to particularize. How much credit we all deserve, I leave for yourself and others to determine.

To my staff officers, Captain Edmund R. Kerstetter, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Roberts, of the Third Kentucky, commissary; Lieutenant James R. Hume, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Warner, inspector-general, I am under peculiar obligations.

The casualties are as follows:

Commanded.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Total.

58th Indiana	 7	 1	 8

26th Ohio	 20	 ---	 20

100th Illinois	 2 	 ---	 2

3rd Kentucky	 ---	 ---	 ---

Estep's battery	 ---	 ---	 ---

Total	 29	 1	 30

One of the wounded has since died, and 4 or 5 more are thought to be mortally wounded.

The enemy's loss, that fell into our hands, were 4 killed and 5 wounded. We hear of many other killed and wounded being taken to the rear by them.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

MILO S. HASCALL,

Brigadier-General of Vols., Comdg. First Division, Left Wing.

Captain M. P. BESTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division, Left Wing.

