
space from where the right of the Third Kentucky rested to the railroad. I then threw forward the right of the Sixth Ohio Regiment, of Colonel Grose's brigade, which was on the right of the Twenty-sixth Ohio, so that its line of battle was more nearly perpendicular to the railroad, and so that its fire would sweep the front of the Twenty-sixth Ohio and Fifty-eighth Indiana, and supported the Sixth Ohio with Estep's battery, on a little eminence to its right, and brought up the Ninety-seventh Ohio, Colonel Lane, from Wagner's brigade, to still further strengthen the right.

This disposition being made, I galloped a little to the rear, and found General Rosecrans, and called his attention to the importance of the position I was holding, and the necessity of keeping it well supported. He rode to the front with me, approved the disposition I had made, spoke a few words of encouragement to the men, cautioning them to hold their fire till the enemy got well up, and had no sooner retired than the enemy emerged from the woods and over the hill, and were moving upon us in splendid style and in immense force. As soon as they came in sight, the Sixth and Twenty-sixth Ohio and Estep's battery opened on them, and did splendid execution. But on they came till within 100 yards of our line, when Colonel Buell, of the Fifty-eighth Indiana, who lost 3 men, but had not fired a shot, ordered his men to fire. The effect was indescribable. The enemy fell in windrows, and went staggering back from the effects of this unexpected volley.

Soon, however, they came up again and assaulted us furiously for about one and a half hours; but the men all stood their ground nobly, and at the end of that time compelled the enemy to retire as before.

During the heat of this attack a heavy cross-fire was brought to bear on the position I occupied, and Corpl. Frank Moyer, Third Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, in command of my escort, was shot through the leg, and my adjutant-general, Captain E. R. Kerstetter, was shot through his coat, grazing his back.

The regiments all behaved splendidly again, and the Fifty-eighth Indiana won immortal honors. Lieutenant Blackford, of that regiment, was shot dead, and several of the officers, including Captains Downey and Alexander, badly wounded.

Estep's battery was compelled to retire from the position assigned if after firing half a dozen rounds, but it did terrible execution while there.

The Sixth and Twenty-fourth Ohio did noble service, as did the Ninety-seventh; but their immediate commanders will, no doubt, allude to them more particularly. Thus ended the third assault upon the position.

I should have remarked that the One hundredth Illinois Regiment, the other regiment composing my brigade, which was in reserve during the first engagement described above, had, under instructions of Colonel Hazen, moved to the front, on the left of the railroad, where they fought splendidly in all the actions that took place on the left of the road. There was no formidable attack made on them, though they were almost constantly under fire of greater or less severity, particularly from shot and shell, and suffered quite seriously in killed and wounded. Lieutenant Morris Worthingham, of that regiment, was killed while gallantly sustaining his men, and 6 other commissioned officers, including Major Hammond, were wounded. Their operations being to the left of the railroad and in a wood, did not so immediately come under my personal observation; but their conduct, from Colonel Barletson down, was such as leaves nothing to be desired.

The Fifty-eighth Indiana having now been over three hours in action,

