
cavalry, and a battery were seen on the opposite side of the river. They did not participate in the action, the artillery being alone engaged in throwing shell into our camp.

Our loss in killed and wounded was about 150, the majority of whom belonged to the One hundred and fourth Illinois Infantry.

From the reports submitted, it is impossible to form a reliable estimate of the conduct of the respective regiments, each officer reporting being disposed to give a favorable account of the action of the command to which he was attached; but the following facts are apparent: First, the attack was unexpected, and no intelligence had been sent to, or effort made to co-operate with, the two brigades of the United States forces, stationed only 9 miles distant from the scene of action; secondly, the fight lasted only one hour and a quarter. If the troops had either retreated or made a longer resistance, they could have fallen back to or been joined by the troops above alluded to, when our forces would have outnumbered the enemy.

W. McMICHAEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 4. Report of Colonel John M. Harlan, Tenth Kentucky Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, First Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,Camp near Gallatin, Tenn., December 12, 1862.

CAPTAIN: On the morning of the 7th instant, about 7.30 o'clock, I heard cannonading very distinctly in the direction of Hartsville, at which place was stationed the Thirty-ninth Brigade, of General Dumont's division, the Second Indiana Cavalry, and two pieces of Nicklin's battery, all under the command of Colonel Moore, One hundred and fourth Illinois. You will remember that at that time four regiments of my brigade (the Tenth Indiana, Fourth Kentucky, Tenth Kentucky, and Seventy-fourth Indiana) and my battery (Southwick's), and also Colonel Miller's brigade, of Dumont's division, were encamped at Castalian Springs, 9 miles from Hartsville, and 7 1/2 miles from Gallatin.

As soon as the cannonading commenced, I dispatched a courier to Hartsville, to ascertain the cause of the firing. At the same time I dispatched another courier in the same direction, with orders to proceed rapidly up the road, and if he heard musketry, or could learn any facts which indicated that a fight was probably going on at Hartsville, to return with all possible speed to my camp and report. Simultaneously with this, I directed each regiment of my brigade to be in readiness to march at a moment's notice. Within a very short while after the last courier was started, I received information from Captain Hudnall (Fourth Kentucky), commanding the picket company on the Hartsville road (nearly a mile distant from camp), to the effect that he thought he could hear heavy musketry in the direction of Hartsville. I communicated at once the fact to Colonel Miller, whose brigade belonged to the same division as Colonel Moore's, and suggested the property of his marching his brigade to Hartsville as rapidly as the men could go, preceded by the small detachment of the Seventh Kentucky Cavalry (Major Faulkner), then at Castalian Springs, and under his immediate command. This suggestion Colonel Miller promptly adopted, and in a few minutes was on the march. I followed immediately and rapidly after

