
and the Twenty-sixth Ohio about four hours, were exhausted and very nearly out of ammunition. I, therefore, relieved the Fifty-eighth Indiana with the Fortieth Indiana, from Colonel Wagner's brigade, and the Twenty-sixth Ohio was relieved by the Twenty-third Kentucky. There was now not more than an hour of day left, and though the enemy was continually maneuvering in our front, no formidable attack was made upon us, except with artillery. The enemy having been three several times repulsed from their attack on that position, seemed satisfied to keep at a respectful distance, and the sun set upon us as masters of the situation.

We had sustained ourselves and held the only position of the original line of battle that was held throughout by any portion of the army. To have lost this position would have been to lose everything, as our left would then have been turned, and utter rout or capture inevitable.

To the "fearless spirits who hazarded and lost their lives on this consecrated spot" the country owes a deep debt of gratitude. No purer patriot, more upright man, and devoted Christian than Colonel McKee, of the Third Kentucky, ever offered up his life in defense of his country.

To the members of my staff present with me on the field-Captain Edmund R. Kerstetter, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant James R. Hume, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant James R. Warmer, inspector-general-I am under the greatest obligations. They were constantly with me in the thickest of the fight, ably and gallantly assisting me in every way possible. My escort was also faithful and efficient. With the exceptions already alluded to, all of us were so fortunate as to get through unscathed.

The casualties in our brigade were as follows: The Third Kentucky Regiment went into action with 13 officers and 300 men, and lost-officers killed, 1; wounded, 9; enlisted men killed, 12; wounded, 77; missing, 34. The Fifty-eighth Indiana Regiment went into action with 19 officers and 386 enlisted men, and lost-officers killed, 1; wounded, 4; enlisted men killed, 16; wounded, 91. The One hundredth Illinois went into action with 27 officers and 394 enlisted men, and lost-officers killed, 1; wounded, 6; enlisted men killed, 5; wounded, 33. The Twenty-sixth Ohio went into action with 12 officers and 374 enlisted men, and lost-officers killed, 1; wounded, 2; enlisted men killed, 9; wounded, 77.

RECAPITULATION.

The brigade went into action with 71 officers and 1,454 enlisted men and lost-officers killed, 4; wounded, 21; enlisted men killed, 42; wounded, 278; missing, 34. Total killed, wounded, and missing in brigade, 379.

For more minute particulars of the parts performed by the different regiments I transmit herewith their respective reports.

During the evening of the 31st I was notified that, in consequence of the indisposition of General Wood and a wound received during the day, he was relieved of the command of the division, and that the same would devolve upon myself. I, therefore, turned over the command of the brigade to Colonel George P. Buell, of the Fifty-eighth Indiana, and assumed the command of the division.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

MILO S. HASCALL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain M. P. BESTOW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division, Left Wing.

