
George Estep, commanding Eighth Indiana Battery, were closely engaged during the battle of December 31, on the left of our lines, supported by General Hascall's and Colonel Wagner's brigades. Captain Cox was under the fire of three batteries of the enemy for seven hours during the day, but succeeded in administering to them all in a manner perfectly satisfactory to me, and to the great discomfiture of the enemy.

On January 2, when in position on the right, he repulsed, with canister, a desperate charge of a brigade of the enemy's infantry. Captain Cox, his officers, and men behaved with great gallantry and bravery. Lieutenant Estep, Voris, and Winsor, and the non-commissioned officers and men of this battery, with few exceptions, behaved with commendable coolness and bravery. Lieutenant Richard Jervis acted in a most cowardly manner. I will devote a special communication to his case.

For full particulars of the engagements and losses, I respectfully refer you to the accompanying reports of battery commanders.

Respectfully submitted.

S. RACE,

Major, Chief of Artillery, First Division, Left Wing.

Captain E. R. KERSTETTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 99. Reports of Lieutenant George Estep, Eighth Indiana Battery,

including skirmishers at La Vergne and on the Murfreesborough pike, at Stewart's Creek Bridge.

IN THE FIELD, December 28, 1862.

GENERAL: While connected with your brigade yesterday, on the march from the camp of the previous night, I could at no time (on account of the disposition of the enemy to retire) get an opportunity to fire more than two or three shots. I fired in all 42 rounds; that these were damaging to the enemy or his guns I am unable to tell. In the last position which I took, commanding the Stewart's Creek Bridge, I fired 8 rounds, and received about the same number in return; one of the enemy's shots took a spoke from the wheel of one of my gun-carriages. I am happy to say no other damages were done. The officers of my battery behaved with commendable coolness.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE ESTEP,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Eighth Indiana Battery.

Brigadier-General HASCALL,

Commanding Fifteenth Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH INDIANA BATTERY,In the Field, near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 4, 1863.

I have the honor, respectfully, to submit the following official report of the Eighth Indiana Light Battery, on December 31, 1862, and 1st and 2nd days of January, 1863:

I put my battery in position on Wednesday morning about 9 o'clock,

