
by order of General Rosecrans, on the west side of the railroad, supported on the right by two batteries, and on the left by the Nineteenth Infantry (regulars); fired 114 rounds (at a range of 800) at the enemy, who were driving back our infantry advance. I then advanced the battery 75 or 80 yards, supported, as in the first position, by the two batteries on my right and the Nineteenth Infantry on my left.

At this position the enemy in three lines made three desperate charges, and were as often repulsed by my battery. I expended 70 round of canister, and was compelled four of five times to double-charge the pieces in order to drive the enemy; this beginning at a range of 90 yards, and increasing as the enemy became confused and retired. I also fired from this position 106 rounds of shrapnel and solid shot, at a range of about 800 yards, at the lines of the enemy advancing on our right.

I then received an order from General Hascall, commanding the First Brigade of the division, to take a position on the left of the pike in the direction of Murfreesborough, which I did, supported by his entire brigade, as good soldiers as ever went to battle. I commenced firing at a range of 400 yards, the enemy bringing up his forces in three lines, and making desperate charges on the center, but was repulsed by my battery and the gallant men of General Hascall's brigade. I was twice in this position, and fired 226 rounds, my men all the time exposed to a galling fire of musketry.

Late in the afternoon I was ordered to a position on the east side of the railroad, supported by three regiments, the Twenty-sixth Ohio, Fifty-seventh Indiana, and an Illinois regiment. Here I expended 66 rounds, shelling the enemy from the woods, near the creek, from which he had driven a portion of our troops during the afternoon. I remained in this position until after dark, and then retired to the camp of the previous night. Loss during the day, 8 horses killed and disabled and 4 men wounded.

On the morning of January 1, I was put in position before daylight, in line of battle, by Major Race. An hour or two after daylight the enemy commenced an advance on our front. I opened fire, in connection with other batteries, and drove him back. No loss during the day; expended 46 rounds.

Remained in position all night, and on the morning of the 2nd expended 34 rounds, shelling the woods at different points, where the enemy could occasionally be seen from my position. About 9 o'clock my battery was fired upon by two rebel batteries (twelve guns, supposed) at a range of 2,000 yards; it being beyond my range, I was forced to retire my battery, leaving for the time being two pieces on the field. Some of the horses of one of the limbers were severely wounded, and became so badly frightened by the bursting of the enemy's shell that the drivers were unable to control them; they ran to the rear in spite of every effort made to bring them to the piece. I was not long, however, in recovering both pieces. After repairing the loss of horses in the battery from the battery and forge wagons, I remained quiet in line until about 4 o'clock. I was then ordered to take a position on the left, which I did. I was well supported by infantry, but do not know what troops they were. I commenced firing, at a range of about 700 yards, at what I supposed to be a brigade of the enemy's infantry holding a point of woods. I am positive that my battery from this position did the enemy great injury; expended 123 rounds. I retired the battery for ammunition, and again took a position to the left of my first and near the creek. Here I engaged a rebel battery at a range of 900 yards, and succeeded in silencing it, expending 86 rounds. We soon after crossed the creek, and remained during the night.

