
I am sorry to say that Second Lieutenant Richard Jervis, on Wednesday, at a trying and critical moment, retired a section of my battery without my order or knowledge, and that he otherwise behaved badly during the day. He claimed, on the morning of the second day's fight, to be unwell, but said (this was before daylight) if he should feel better in the course of an hour or two he would come out to the field and report for duty. This was the last I saw of him until the fight was over. I am informed that he went back to the rear to one of the hospitals.

First Lieutenant Jeremiah Voris and Second Lieutenant Samuel Winsor have my thanks for their efficient service at all times during the engagement; they were brave and unflinching in the discharge of duty. I am also indebted to Orderly Sergt. William Stokes for the promptness with which he supplied the battery with ammunition. My sergeants, corporals, and men, with three exceptions, behaved with commendable coolness and bravery.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE ESTEP,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Eighth Indiana Battery.

Major S. RACE,

Commanding Artillery of First Division, Left Wing.

P. S.-I neglected to state that my loss on the third day was 4 men wounded, 11 horses killed and disabled.

No. 100. Report of Captain Jerome B. Cox, Tenth Indiana Battery.

JANUARY --, 1863.

On the morning of December 31, I was ordered to move by battery across the railroad (my left was then resting on the railroad) and prepare for battle. I immediately obeyed by crossing and placing the right section immediately on the left of the railroad, and the left and center sections about 200 yards farther north. The entire battery then engaged a battery of the enemy immediately in front, which we compelled to cease firing. Simultaneously with this, two other batteries opened upon us, and shortly afterward were joined by the one that had been silenced. They completely showered the shot and shell, but with little damage. This unequal contest was kept up for about four hours, and was only deviated from on the appearance of heavy column of their troops, upon which we would open the entire battery and disperse them in great disorder. We would then resume the work on their artillery.

About 1 p.m. I relieved one section of the battery at the time for a short time to retire for ammunition. They came up again to the work supplied with ammunition, when the engagement was renewed somewhat similar to the fight in the forenoon, except that more frequently we had to drive back their infantry.

About 3 o'clock my ammunition was exhausted, with the exception of canister, which I ordered they should hold to disperse a large force then bearing down on us in front. We held our fire until they were within 400 yards, when we could completely see the devices on their colors. We completely broke up their lines and scattered them in great disorder over the field in front. Being then only under fire of their batteries, and having no projectiles to reach them, I withdrew from the

