
field. When near the hospital, about one-fourth of a mile in the rear of my former position, I discovered the enemy's skirmishers deployed out and advancing. I at once drove them back with canister. During the day I silenced each one of the batteries in my front and on my flank several times. They had a cross-fire on us during the entire day. We were at once time fighting four batteries, but my men, not the least disheartened, were determined to hold their position at all hazards, which one, I believe, was the only one held by any battery on the field. On this day I had 1 an killed and 6 slightly wounded.

On January 1, I was removed to the right wing, and about 10 o'clock drove back a brigade of infantry, which was advancing.

On January 2, in the evening, our skirmishers were thrown forward and drew the fire of a brigade in ambush. This we expected, and had prepared by cutting the fuses the proper length and getting the proper elevation and range, and showered their ranks with shrapnel, every one bursting precisely at the spot needed. They became badly disorganized and fled in great disorder.

To Lieutenants Naylor, Cox, Cosner, and Clifford I return my warmest thanks for their coolness, gallantry, and promptness in obeying commands. Their actions deserve the highest commendation.

To my sergeants and corporals, and to the members of my battery, too much could not be said. They fought gallantly for seven hours, and until they were completely exhausted from their excessive labor; but it is enough to say that the whole battery, men and officers, did their whole duty as soldiers, and maintained their original position on the 31st against three, and part of the time four, batteries, and the determined charges of the enemy's troops. The battle-field in front is the witness of their execution.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. B. COX,

Captain Tenth Indiana Battery.

Major RACE,

Chief of Artillery, First Division, Left Wing, Army of the Cumberland.

No. 101. Report of Captain Cullen Bradley, Sixth Ohio Battery.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH OHIO BATTERY,On Battle-field, near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following official report of the engagement of December 30 and 31, 1862, and January 1 and 2, 1863, viz:

At 8 a.m., December 30, the battery was put in position on the left bank of Stone's River and near camp, and engaged a four-gun battery of the enemy at a range of 1,500 yards, who held a high, strong, and commanding position on the opposite bank of the river, and silenced the enemy's battery after an engagement of fifteen minutes, expending 72 rounds of shell and solid shot, sustaining no damage, except the loss of one sponge-bucket, struck by an enemy's shot.

At 8 a.m., December 31, the battery, in accordance to orders, proceeded to the right of our lines. At 10.30 a.m. engaged two four-gun batteries of the enemy, supported by two brigades of infantry, at a range of 250

