
yards. We received fire from the infantry as well as the batteries. We held our position twenty minutes, pouring a heavy and destructive fire upon the infantry, at the same time engaging the batteries with good effect, expending 150 rounds of case-shot and canister, and sustained a loss of 1 man wounded and 2 horses killed.

Our left flank having been turned, I retired my battery and took a position 500 yards in the rear. Again opened upon the enemy (with case and canister), who were advancing in force. After an engagement of five minutes, and expending 12 rounds of ammunition, I was again compelled to retire my battery and abandon two pieces of the battery, one of which I had spiked (since removed), and sustaining a loss of 1 man killed, 2 men wounded, and 1 man missing; also 8 horses killed and 3 wounded. About this time Colonel Shoemaker charged the enemy with the Thirteenth Michigan Regiment, driving them off the field and recovering the guns, and for which Colonel Shoemaker should receive full credit.

About 8 a.m., January 1, I again changed position to the front lines, and, in conjunction with several batteries, opened upon the enemy with case-shot and shell at a range of 2,000 yards, driving them back, expending 54 rounds of ammunition and sustaining no damage.

January 2, while occupying a position on the front line, the enemy advanced eighteen guns (supposed), and opened fire upon my battery with solid shot and shell. About 8 a.m. I was supported upon the right by two six-gun batteries, which gave way early in the action and retired. I silenced the enemy's guns and held the position, expending 177 rounds of ammunition, and sustaining a loss of 5 men wounded, 5 horses killed, and 3 horses wounded. About this time Captain Stokes' (Chicago) battery opened upon my battery several rounds of canister from a position 250 yards in rear, and from which I sustained much damage.

At 2 p.m. the enemy advanced a heavy column upon our left lines, and supported by two four-gun batteries. My battery took a strong position and opened on the enemy at a range of 3,000 yards with good effect, expending 35 rounds of shell, and sustaining no damage.

I take pleasure in noticing the promptness and coolness displayed by First Lieutenant O. H. P. Ayres, Second Lieutenant A. P. Baldwin, and First Sergt. G. W. Smetts for the manner in which they managed their respective sections; Lieutenant Ayres having been slightly wounded, also his horse being wounded, and Lieutenant Baldwin having his horse shot.

The following non-commissioned officers and privates greatly distinguished themselves, viz: Sergts. G. W. Howard, H. Hartman, T. O. Casey, S. Miller, and J. Hersh; Corpls. N. Poole, H. A. Collier, and Acting Corpl. S. O. Kimberk. Corpl. E. H. Neal is entitled to much credit for the promptness and carefulness he displayed in keeping the caissons well screened, and for keeping the battery well supplied with ammunition. Privates W. C. Stough, J. Robinett, D. H. Evans, J. G. Barger, and Frank Leslie greatly distinguished themselves. The whole company, with but few exceptions, displayed great coolness, and are entitled to much credit.

Respectfully,

CULLEN BRADLEY,

Captain, Commanding Sixth Ohio Light Battery.

Major S. RACE,

Comdg. Artillery, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

