
No. 102. Reports of Colonel George P. Buell, Fifty-eighth Indiana Infantry, commanding regiment and First Brigade, including skirmish at La Vergne, December 27.
HDQRS. FIFTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLS., December 28, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that preparatory to an advance upon the enemy in the town of La Vergne, Tenn., this regiment, in accordance with orders received, was, on the 27th instant, formed in line of battle on the right of the advance line of the Fifteenth Brigade, with Companies A and B in the advance as skirmishers, covering the front and right of the regiment.

When the line of skirmishers had advanced to within about 150 yards from the town, the enemy's skirmishers, supported by one piece of artillery, opened fire upon them, which was promptly and vigorously returned by our skirmishers, who were steadily advancing, closely followed by the regiment. The enemy, being protected by the houses of the village, for a short time seemed to check the advance of the two companies acting as skirmishers, when Company F was also advanced as skirmishers to their assistance, and the regiment ordered to charge bayonets, and thereupon the enemy made a hasty retreat. After pursuing the enemy for about the distance of 2 miles from the town, during the whole of which time a constant skirmish was going on, this regiment was relieved by the Third Kentucky Infantry and took its position in the second line of the brigade.

The following persons were wounded, to wit.* Number of wounded, 7; but 4 of the above wounded are disabled from service. I have to report 1 missing, to wit, George W. Thompson, of Company B. Four of the enemy are known to have been killed by the skirmishers of this regiment and 1 captured.

The entire regiment, officers and men, conducted themselves calmly and bravely during the entire action; but I would beg to make special mention of Major Joseph Moore, who commanded the skirmishers, and also of Captains Davis and Cain, and Lieutenant James A. Smith, who commanded their respective companies as skirmishers, for the brave determination evinced by them in their respective positions.

Respectfully,GEO. P. BUELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain KERSTETTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 5, 1863.

SIR: Brigadier-General Hascall having assumed command of the division on the night of December 31, 1862, the command of this brigade devolved upon me, by orders issued to that effect. At the time of assuming this command the position of the bridge was on the right of the division, in front, which point we held until the morning of the 1st instant, when we fell back, before daylight, to the rear, as reserve for the division.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

