
I would also state that John J. Hight, chaplain of the regiment, deserves commendation for his efficient services rendered on the field and in the hospitals, caring for the wounded.

I have to report the following loss in this day's engagement, to wit: Second Lieutenant Francis B. Blackford, of Company E, was killed while bravely encouraging his men to fight for their cause. Captains William A. Downey and Ashbury H. Alexander, Second Lieutenant William Adams, and Lieutenant Charles C. Whiting were all wounded while performing their duty with great zeal and efficiency at their respective posts. Of enlisted men killed in action, there were 16, and 73 wounded in such a manner as to disable them for present service. There were also 24 men slightly wounded. I have also to report 3 men captured by the enemy, with the regimental wagons, at some distance from the field of battle, and also 3 men missing; making a total loss to the regiment as follows: Killed-commissioned officers, 1; enlisted men, 16. Wounded-commissioned officers, 4; enlisted men disabled, 73; enlisted men missing, 3. Total loss in this day's action, 97; enlisted men captured (not in action), 3. Total, 100.

At the close of the action this day, Brigadier-General Hascall being called to the command of the division, I took command of the brigade, and left the command of the regiment to Lieut. Colonel James T. Embree, who has since commanded it.

Respectfully,

GEO. P. BUELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain KERSTETTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 103. Reports of Colonel Frederick A. Bartleson, One hundredth Illinois Infantry,

including skirmishers near La Vergne and on the Murfreesborough pike, at Stewart's Creek Bridge.

IN THE FIELD, AT STEWART'S CREEK, December 28, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report as follows of the part taken by my regiment in the advance on Stewart's Creek on the 27th December, 1862:

We advanced on La Vergne in rear of the Twenty-sixth Ohio. After passing La Vergne some distance, we took the place of the Twenty-sixth Ohio, relieving their skirmishers. The march in line of battle was very difficult, owing to the obstacles in the way, and the rain had made the ground in places very fatiguing to be traveled over; the men, however, advanced very well. After arriving at the point where we are now bivouacked, near the creek, while the artillery was interchanging shots with the enemy, by direction of General Hascall, I moved a little to the left. In a short time, hearing firing toward the left of our rear, I sent Captain Munger's company (G) to protect our left flank, instructing him to take up his position near the crest of a rise of ground. He did so, and had just got ready for deploying his men when a force of the enemy's cavalry, numbering, perhaps, 50 or 60, came dashing along. Seeing them coming, Captain Munger ordered his men to fire, and received some shots in return, when he ordered them to surrender, which they did, some,

