
left of the position I then occupied, parallel with the railroad, and was apprehensive that our troops on the left side of the road might be taken on the flank. About this time Colonel Hazen, of the brigade, directed me to file to the left. Asking him his name, and being myself convinced of the necessity of the movement, I complied, and moved forward in a line at right angles with that just left, until I came up with the One hundredth and tenth Illinois, Colonel Casey. We halted here, and for a short time participated in a sharp fire of musketry, which finally ceased, leaving us to bear nothing except a cannonade, which gradually lulled. There was another regiment at this time behind us, but what one I know not. After a short time this was withdrawn, and I was left alone with the One hundred and tenth Illinois.

There was at this point an open space (a cotton-field) in our front, and in a short time I discovered a large body of the enemy on the other side, across the field, apparently moving to attack us. The One hundred and tenth at this time formed on my left. I regarded the situation as extremely perilous, and informed General Hascall, who was not far distant, of the same. He replied that he saw it likewise, but we must hold it.

Shortly after, a force of our own was thrown across the field in our front, but was soon withdrawn. Informing my men that this was a good time to show what they were and make a reputation, and announcing my determination to them that they should stay there, I ordered them forward, and halted them at the edge of the wood. The One hundred and tenth said they would stay with us, and moved likewise. I commanded the men to lie down, but the enemy, having necessarily discovered us, opened upon us with a perfect storm of short, shell, and grape. A battery of our own in a short time replied behind us, and for the space of three or four hours the scene was fearful.

Although so much exposed, I cannot but be thankful that we suffered so little, commensurate with our danger. The most of our loss, however, was incurred here. Second Lieutenant Mitchell, Company A, was mortally wounded in the hip by a musket or rifle ball, of which he afterward died. They were both deserving officers, and did their duty nobly. Major Hammond had a narrow escape, having the skirts of his coat torn and a slight wound in the calf of his leg. First Lieutenant George Bez and Second Lieutenant McDonald, both of Company C, were somewhat wounded, but I think not severely. First Lieutenant Kelley, Company K, was wounded severely in the right shoulder. Second Lieutenant McConnell, Company I, was somewhat bruised by the limb of a tree striking him on the head, but has since returned to duty. The list accompanying this report will show the number of enlisted men and others killed and wounded.

Night at last closed in and ended this unequal combat-unequal, because our men were compelled, to a great extent, to be spectators and sufferers without being allowed to be actors in the scene. I threw out skirmishers to the front of the regiment, and the men were ordered to lie down on their arms and forbidden to make fires. Our skirmishers soon came upon the enemy seeking his wounded, and, through misapprehension, some of my men took the horse of a rebel surgeon and 4 prisoners. I sent the horse back, and directed the messenger to say, without mentioning from whom the message came, that it was regretted that the men were taken, but, under the circumstances, they could not be released at present, but would be at the first fitting opportunity. The men themselves were quite pleased at the idea. Two more were brought

