
in to me, being reported to have given themselves up and to be anxious to leave the Confederate service. I questioned them, and finding that it was entirely voluntary on their part, I sent them to General Hascall, who took charge of them. I also sent out an ambulance, under charge of Dr. Woodruff, who brought in a number of our own wounded from the field. The others the next day I sent to the rear. I had no paper on which to express the facts; but if they can be identified hereafter (as they can be by some of my regiment) they ought to be returned.

Recapitulation of killed and wounded.

 Killed.	 Wounded.

Commissioned officers	 1	 6

Enlisted men	 5	 32

Non-commissioned staff	 ---	 1

Total	 6	 39

Aggregate	 ---	 45

Of the above, one commissioned officer died shortly after. I have not included in the above some of those who have been killed and wounded from among men detailed from the regiment in other parts of the service.

Troops, I think, could not have behaved better than did the One hundredth. Considering that it was a new regiment; that since being mustered into the United States service its time has been almost entirely consumed in marching, precluding proper opportunities of drilling, and that its officers generally were new, it must be confessed, I trust and think, it did well. Where all did well, then, it is unnecessary to specify individual cases.

Respectfully,

F. A. BARTLESON,

Colonel One hundredth Illinois Infantry.

Captain EDMUND R. KERSTETTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS ONE HUNDREDTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY, January 5, 1863.

The following is a continuation of my report after December 31, 1862, commencing with the operations of January 1, being supplementary to a report just made to General Hascall, through his adjutant-general:

Very early the next morning (January 1, 1863) we were ordered to change our position, which we did, but nothing was done that day. About 9 or 10 p.m. an order came to proceed to the front, which we did, in conjunction with the rest of the brigade, and relieved the Pioneer Corps, which was on duty there. Everything passed off quietly at night, but in the morning, while my regiment, which had been in the front line all night, was being relieved by the Twenty-sixth Ohio, the enemy opened upon us with artillery.

We took up our position, notwithstanding, and were subjected, for a considerable space of time, to one of the most severe fires that troops can experience. The men lay in that position all day, without rations

