
that day or the night before, and sunk deep in the mud. This made the second night without sleep, and, one might say, almost without food. Private George H. Atkins, Company K, was killed by a solid shot, which penetrated him and severed his arm from his body.

We were here the spectators, to a considerable extent, of the fight on the left, which took place on the afternoon of the 2nd. Near dark our regiment, with the remainder of the brigade, after being formed in line, and our skirmishers skirmishing with the enemy, proceeded to ford the creek on the left, which we did, and at last bivouacked in a terrible rain for the night.

On the morning of January 3, with the rest of our brigade, we took our position behind the rail barricades or breastworks, relieving the Twentieth Brigade. Nothing transpired, except one of the most constant rains, lasting day and night. Early the next morning we recrossed to our present position.

Troops could not have behaved better than did the One hundredth Considering that it is a new regiment; that its time has been mostly occupied heretofore in marching, furnishing but small opportunity for drilling; that most of its officers were new, it must be acknowledged that it did good service. Where all do well, it is unnecessary to specify individual cases.

The following is a list of the killed: Private George H. Atkins, Company K.

The above brings down the report to the time of occupying this present camp.

Respectfully,

F. A. BARTLESON,

Colonel One hundredth Illinois Infantry.

Captain J. G. ELWOOD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Brigade.

No. 104. Report of Lieut. Colonel James T. Embree, Fifty-eighth Indiana Infantry.

HDQRS. FIFTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, January --, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Fifty-eighth Regiment Indiana Volunteers came under my command on the evening of December 31, 1862, after the close of that day's action, George P. Buell, colonel of the regiment, having been called to the command of the brigade.

About daybreak, January 1, 1863, this regiment received orders and took position as part of the reserve on the left wing of the army, and retained that position during the entire day, and consequently was not in action.

At 10 p.m. of the same day the regiment was posted on the front line, in the left wing of the army, and retained this position until 9 p.m. January 2.

During this time the regiment was not engaged in action, but was, about 10 a.m., January 2, subjected to a severe fire from the enemy's artillery, discharging into its ranks a large number of solid shot and shell, by which 2 enlisted men were severely wounded.

About 5 p.m. of this day an attack was made by the enemy on the

