
rain, which fell upon us in torrents, from the time my regiment took the front until reaching this point, a distance of about 3 1/2 miles.

During the advance the enemy were dislodged from not less than five or six of their hiding places. They frequently retained their fire until we had approached within less than 100 paces. They having the advantage of both short range and deliberate aim, yet we were so shielded by an overruling Providence that not a single casualty happened my entire regiment, though several were known to befall the enemy. But their number I have no means of ascertaining.

Of all the achievements of the day, that happening at this point was the most fortunate for the successful advance of the army, and the one for which the parties engaged should be most commended. On approaching Stewart's Creek, which at this place it is almost impossible to ford at this season, the skirmishers discovered that the retreating rebels had, some moments before, fired the bridge; the flames were already reaching high in the air; our battery and one of the enemy, both posted on the pike on opposite sides of the bridge, were shelling each other, many of the missiles from both falling on and near the bridge, and within rifle shot on the east of the creek stood a company of rebel cavalry. The moment was critical. Captain Ralston called for volunteers to extinguish the flames. Without the least hesitation, Major Collier's entire line, with a number of the Twenty-sixth Ohio, then near the same point, rushed forward, and in a moment extinguished the flame and saved the bridge, all escaping unhurt.

I was soon after ordered by General Hascall to post my entire regiment as a guard to the bridge. I at once moved up the rest of my command, and have them now posted at this point.

Very respectfully,

SAM. McKEE,

Colonel, Commanding Third Kentucky Infantry.

Captain EDMUND R. KERSTETTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 106. Reports of Major Daniel R. Collier, Third Kentucky Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRD REGIMENT KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 5, 1863.

SIR: By order of Brig. General Milo S. Hascall, commanding brigade, I herewith submit a report of the part taken by the Third Regiment Kentucky Volunteers in the action at this place on Wednesday, December 31, 1862.

At 10 a.m. the regiment was ordered to form, and was marched to its first position on the east of the railroad, fronting toward the right of our army, where the battle was raging fiercest, and our forces, overwhelmed by superior numbers, were falling back, contesting stubbornly, inch by inch, the ground which they were forced to give up. Our regiment, formed the front line, while the Fifty-eighth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, with the One hundredth Illinois Volunteers on its right, formed the second line.

We lay in that position until about 10.30 o'clock, when we were ordered to the front to the support of Colonel Hazen's brigade, which was

