
being attacked by greatly superior numbers. We crossed the railroad, and, marching by the right flank at double-quick, filed to the right across the turnpike, and formed in an open field on the right of the Ninth Indiana, of Colonel Hazen's brigade, our left resting on the turnpike. The men were ordered to lie down, and immediately the firing commenced, the enemy having advanced in two lines to within 200 yards of our position.

We held our position under a galling cross-fire until 1 p.m., when, a regiment which had formed on our right giving way, we were ordered to fall back about 25 yards across the turnpike, to guard against a flank movement which the enemy threatened from the woods on our right.

We occupied our new position about an hour, when, our ammunition having been entirely expended and the guns becoming so foul that it was impossible to load them, we were ordered to fall behind the railroad, about 50 yards in rear of our old position, to fix bayonets and receive the enemy, should they approach nearer, with cold steel.

We lay in this position until 4 p.m., when we were ordered to the rear to replenish our stock of ammunition and clean the guns. We marched half a mile to the rear, and had scarcely filled our cartridge-boxes and wiped out the guns when we were called upon by the commanding officer of --- battery to support him against a strong force of the enemy, who were approaching our left from the east side of the river. A few rounds from the battery caused the enemy to retire.

We were in line on the left of the battery when General Rosecrans came up, and in person ordered us to advance and take position in a corn-field within about 200 yards of the river. This position we held until about 2 a.m. of Thursday, the men lying on their arms.

The regiment went into the fight with Samuel McKee, colonel commanding; Major Daniel R. Collier, acting lieutenant-colonel, and Adjt. W. A. Bullitt, acting major. There were in the regiment 13 officers of the line and 300 men, rank and file.

Colonel McKee fell at 11 o'clock, after we had been engaged half an hour, and when the contest was at his height. A minie ball striking him over the right eye, he fell from his horse and expired almost immediately. A truer patriot, a braver man, or better Christian never fell fighting in defense of truth and liberty-worshipped by his men, respected and loved by the officers, our colonel would have desired no fitter mausoleum than that in the midst of dead and dying comrades.

I was wounded twice during the engagement, but did not leave the field. The horse of Adjutant Bullitt was shot under him. Our hospital was captured by the enemy about 12 m., and our surgeon, Hector Owens, was taken prisoner, but released after having been kept four days. Our men and officers, without exception, acted bravely, and to give you a list of those who distinguished themselves would be but to give you our muster-roll.

Out of 13 officers of the line, 9 were disabled; of the enlisted men, there were killed, 12; wounded, 77; missing, 34. Total, 123.

Many of the wounded have died since the report was compiled. The number of killed and wounded is here stated as it was the day of the fight.

Respectfully,

DANIEL R. COLLIER,

Major, Commanding Third Kentucky Volunteer Infantry.

Captain EDMUND R. KERSTETTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Brigade.

