HEADQUARTERS THIRD KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS,Near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 5, 1863.

SIR: By order of Colonel George P. Buell, I herewith submit a report of the part taken by the Third Regiment Kentucky Volunteers in the action on Thursday, January 1.

By order of Colonel Buell, I moved my regiment, at 2 a.m., west of the railroad, and formed on the right of the One hundredth Illinois, the Fifty-eighth Indiana and Twenty-sixth Ohio in our rear. We remained here all day, ready at any time to meet an attack, but nothing of note took place, with the exception of an occasional shell passing over the regiment, which we shielded ourselves from by lying flat on the ground.

At 8 p.m. we moved to a skirt of woods about 500 yards to the front, and relieved the Third Battalion of Pioneers, where we remained during the night.

Friday, January 2, we remained in the position occupied the night previous, and during part of the time were under a heavy fire from the enemy's batteries.

About 5 p.m. we marched, with the balance of the brigade, across the river, where we formed in line in an open field. After standing under arms for some time in a drenching rain, we withdrew to a skirt of woods on the right of our position, where we bivouacked for the night.

Saturday, January 3, about 7 a.m., we marched to the front, and took position in the second line in rear of the fortifications, where we remained until about 1 p.m., when we moved forward and occupied the position previously held by the Fifty-eighth Indiana, where we remained until about 2 a.m.

Sunday, January 4, we recrossed the river about 2 a.m., and went into camp on the west of the railroad. The day was mostly spent in gathering up and burying the dead.

Respectfully, yours,

DANIEL R. COLLIER,

Major, Commanding.

Capt. J. G. ELWOOD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Brigade.

No. 107. Reports of Captain William H. Squires, Twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry,

including skirmishers at La Vergne and on the Murfreesborough pike, at Stewart's Creek Bridge.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SIXTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,In Field, near La Vergne, December 28, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the part performed by the Twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, under my command, on the 27th instant:

Between 11 and 12 o'clock I first received orders to form the regiment in line of battle, and deploy my flanking companies as skirmishers. This being executed, and the order to advance being given, my skirmishers were ordered to enter La Vergne at a double-quick. On reaching the edge of the town, the firing on them became very severe, and at this point I received the order to advance my regiment at a double-quick and clear the town. This was performed by the regiment to my entire satisfaction. Having passed the town, the regiment, owing to the dense

