
At 9 p.m. we were ordered forward to relieve the Pioneer Brigade, and the regiment was formed in rear of the Fifty-eighth Indiana as a support. This position was held all night. There were no casualties in the regiment on this day.

On the morning of January 2, the regiment was ordered forward to relieve the One hundredth Illinois and support the Eighth Indiana Battery, on our left flank, and the Board of Trade Battery, on the center and right. Immediately after taking this position the batteries of the enemy opened on our artillery, and severe fighting ensued.

During the day the enemy's skirmishers, advancing under cover, annoyed our line, and were twice driven back by our own skirmishers. Immediately after sundown the regiment, with the brigade, were thrown across the creek, and, being held in reserve, were thrown back into the woods and allowed fires.

The casualties of this day were 2 men killed and 8 wounded, most of which were caused by the artillery of the enemy.

On the morning of January 3, the regiment was ordered to relieve the Sixty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and occupy the breastworks built during the previous night. In this position the regiment remained during the day and night, nothing of interest occurring and no casualties taking place.

On the morning of January 4, the regiment recrossed the creek and was placed in camp in the present position.

In conclusion, I will add that the Twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry entered into the engagement of December 31 with 374 guns, and lost during the interval a total of 1 commissioned officer killed and 2 wounded, and 9 enlisted men killed and 72 wounded. Many others were struck, and so slightly wounded as not to unfit them for duty, and are, therefore, not mentioned in this report.

I cannot mention in particular any of my officers, as each one seemed to vie with the other in deeds and examples of good conduct. The men, with a very few exceptions, behaved nobly, though a few, I regret to say, skulked to the rear.

I have the honor to be, yours, very respectfully,

W. H. SQUIRES,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain ELWOOD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Brigade.

No. 108. Report of Colonel George D. Wagner, Fifteenth Indiana Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., FIRST DIV., LEFT WING,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

On the Field, near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as to the position and part taken by my brigade in the great battle of the last few days:

On the morning of the 31st ultimo my command was formed in order of battle, the right resting on the Murfreesborough road, about 2 miles from the town, and the left resting to the left of the railroad; one

