
section of Cox's battery commanding the pike, the remainder of the battery posted so as to command either side of the railroad.

While in this position I received an order to move forward. My skirmishers immediately became engaged with the enemy, and the enemy's artillery shelling my lines. There was a fearful battle going on at this time on our extreme right. I received orders to proceed no farther, but, if attacked, to hold my position. General Hascall's and Colonel Harker's brigades were posted on my left, but were soon after withdrawn; this made it necessary to extend my lines to the left, so as to prevent the enemy crossing Stone's River at a ford which had been held by Colonel Harker, and that I was now ordered to hold at all hazards by General Wood.

I accordingly moved all my brigade to the left of the railroad, with one section of Cox's battery at the railroad; the other sections were posted directly in front of the ford, on the crest of a hill, supported by the Fifty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, and in such position as to rake the front both to the right and left. Directly in front of this position, on the opposite side of the river, on an elevation defended by earthworks, were posted two of the enemy's batteries and a large force of infantry, under command of General Breckinridge. This was mainly the position of my command when the enemy made the first vigorous assault in front, which, after a long and continued struggle, was repulsed with great slaughter of the enemy, but to return in still greater force.

Learning that General Hascall, on the right of the road, was hard pressed, I sent the Ninety-seventh Ohio to re-enforce him, which did good service as they took position on the flank, and were sheltered by the nature of the ground from the fire of the enemy, and which prevented the enemy from raking our lines from the woods on the right. Colonel Lane maintained this position throughout the day. The enemy at this time had gained the woods on this side of the river, and I ordered the Fifteenth Indiana, supported by the Fifty-seventh Indiana, to advance to meet them. Captain Cox's battery, supported by the Fortieth Indiana, opened on them with canister and soon drove them back. At the same time they were repulsed in front by General Hascall, but only to return, as before, in greater force, this time evidently determined to carry my position, as a brigade was thrown on this side of the river, under cover of the woods in my front, at only about 300 yards distant.

Cox's battery had exhausted nearly all of their ammunition, and had tried in vain to procure more, which made it necessary for me to rely mainly on the infantry to dislodge the enemy from this position. I preferred making the attack myself rather than waiting an assault from them. I ordered forward the Fifteenth Indiana, supported by the Fifty-seventh Indiana, being all the troops I had in hand, the Fortieth Indiana being hotly engaged on the right of the railroad, with the left resting upon the river, so as to completely enfilade the enemy's line.

At this time Colonel Hines and Lieutenant-Colonel Lennard, of the Fifty-seventh Indiana, were severely wounded, and had to leave the field. From this position I directed Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, commanding Fifteenth Indiana Volunteers, to charge the enemy at a double-quick, and nobly did he and his men execute the order, killing, wounding, and capturing nearly one entire regiment, and driving two others in utter rout from the field; and nobly was the movement seconded by the Fifty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, although they had lost all their field officers; they poured volley after volley into the enemy, thereby aiding greatly to the success of the movements. Captain Cox's battery

