
commanding Fortieth Indiana Volunteers, unfortunately was wounded early in the action, devolving the command on Major Leaming, to whom I am under obligations for the manner in which he handled his regiment; Colonel Hines, Fifty-seventh Indiana, was wounded about the middle of the afternoon, while at the head of his regiment, gallantly leading them to the attack of the enemy. Lieutenant-Colonel Lennard was wounded about the same time, devolving the command of that regiment on Captain McGraw, who deserves special commendation for the manner in which he performed his trust.

It is impossible for me to name the officers who did well, as they nearly all did so, but will leave with the regimental commanders the duty of doing them justice, but must be allowed to pay one last tribute to the noble dead, Captains Foster and Templeton, of the Fifteenth Indiana, who fell while leading their men in the charge upon the foe. May their country not forget them.

The exception above alluded to in my commendation of officers was Colonel J. W. Blake, Fortieth Indiana Volunteers, who, upon the field, became so intoxicated as to be entirely unfit for duty. I ordered him to report to General Wood under arrest, since which time I have not seen him, but report says he is in Nashville a paroled prisoner. This was about noon on the 31st, before his regiment had become engaged.

The casualties are as follows:

The Fifteenth Indiana Volunteers-officers killed, 2; wounded, 7; enlisted men killed, 36; wounded, 136; missing, 7. Total killed, wounded, and missing, 188.

The Fifty-seventh Indiana Volunteers-officers wounded, 6; enlisted men killed, 11; wounded, 55; missing, 6. Total killed, wounded, and missing, 78.

The Fortieth Indiana Volunteers-officers wounded, 5; enlisted men killed, 4; wounded, 63; missing, 13. Total killed, wounded, and missing, 85.

The Ninety-seventh Ohio Volunteers-enlisted men killed, 3; wounded, 15; missing, 6. Total killed, wounded, and missing, 24.

Total number of men of the brigade killed, wounded, and missing, 375; total number of men engaged, 1,475; number of men for duty on the morning of the 2nd, 1,100.

The Fiftieth Indiana Volunteers captured 171 prisoners, most of them belonging to the Thirteenth Louisiana.

The members of my personal staff present on the field, Captain Henry C. Tinney, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain Warren and Lieutenant W. M. Casterline, aides-de-camp, and of my escort, rendered me efficient service during the engagement, frequently carrying orders through such a storm of bullets that it was extremely doubtful whether they would live to deliver them.

Which is respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

G. D. WAGNER,

Colonel, Commanding.

No. 109. Report of Lieut. Colonel Gustavus A. Wood, Fifteenth Indiana Infantry.

FIFTEENTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,

Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to present you herewith a report of the operations

