
of the regiment during the late engagements before Murfreesborough.

During the advance on the enemy's position the regiment was not actually engaged prior to the 31st ultimo.

On the 29th, Companies B and F were in advance as skirmishers, and Company F had 1 man wounded.

On the morning of the 31st, while supporting Cox's battery, we were ordered to take and hold a point of woods on the (then) extreme left of the line. Companies G and F were thrown forward as skirmishers. Finding the enemy so strong that the skirmishers could not dislodge him, I ordered the regiment to fix bayonets and charge, which was executed in a most brilliant style, driving the enemy out in confusion, killing and wounding a large number, and taking over 200 prisoners from a Louisiana brigade, having in it the Thirteenth, Sixteenth, and Twentieth Louisiana (among others). Being unable, from insufficient force, to send a proper guard, a portion of the prisoners escaped while on the way to the rear. We, however, delivered over to the provost-marshal 170.

The enemy having been completely driven out, skirmishers were left to hold the position, and the regiment was withdrawn in order to escape the heavy raking fire which the enemy's batteries were pouring on us. On the last grand advance of the enemy, when their right was in fair range of the woods, the regiment again took the position and held it under a most terrific fire, until the enemy was finally routed for the day, when it was withdrawn, for the same reason as before. By your order it was soon after placed in a grove to the left of our last position, where we bivouacked for the night.

In the subsequent engagements the regiment was not actually engaged, but at different periods was exposed to a very heavy fire from the enemy's batteries, during which several men were killed and wounded. All behaved nobly.

It cannot be expected that I should mention names where all did so well. Captains Foster and Templeton died gallantly performing their duty, as did their dead comrades. The more fortunate living were fit compeers for the noble dead. Major Comparet was very active wherever duty called him. Adjutant Nicar fearlessly faced the fire to which the command was exposed, and, in addition, volunteered t bear messages to the battery and other exposed places in the rear (I having no mounted man for that purpose). Captain White, Company F, having skirmishers in charge, performed his duty well during the day, and at night cheerfully volunteered to do the picket duty for the command. It may be proper for me to say that during the entire time of privation and fatigue (being ten days' continuous duty in a very inclement season) the cheerfulness and fortitude of the men was only equaled by their courage on the field of battle.

The regiment went into action with 24 commissioned officers and 416 enlisted men; aggregate, 440. The list of killed, wounded, and missing is appended.*

Respectfully submitted.

G. A. WOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Fifteenth Indiana Volunteers.

Colonel G. D. WAGNER,

Commanding Twenty-first Brigade.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.212.

---------------

