
recrossing the river and taking position on the turnpike 1 miles in advance of the general hospital. Shortly after arriving here we learned that the enemy had evacuated.

Our loss during the engagement was 4 killed and 68 wounded. Among the latter were Lieutenant-Colonel Neff, Captains Wallace and Harvey, First Lieutenant Griswold, and Second Lieutenants Coleman and Hazelrigg.

In conclusion, I must state that the conduct of the regiment under the most trying circumstances was worthy of all praise. The coolness and quiet determination of officers and men were admirable, and not less so the cheerfulness of spirit with which the hardships and exposure to cold and rain were borne. The regiment did its duty faithfully. I know no higher praise that can be given it.

HENRY LEAMING,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain H. C. TINNEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-first Brigade.

No. 111. Report of Colonel John Q. Lane, Ninety-seventh Ohio Infantry.

JANUARY --, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the part taken by the Ninety-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the late engagement in front of Murfreesborough, commencing December 31, 1862, and ending January 3, 1863.

On the night of December 30, we were, by your order, placed in the front, our advance pickets being deployed on the left bank of Stone's River.

On the morning of the 31st, at the commencement of the engagement, our position was on the north side of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, one-fourth of a mile from the river.

At 9 a.m. the enemy commenced feeling for our position with shot and shell, and by your order I moved my regiment by the left flank to a position in an open field, one-fourth of a mile from the railroad, and deployed one company to the river as skirmishers. We remained in this position under a fire from the enemy's artillery and infantry until 11 a.m.

Our casualties up to this time were: Wounded, Jacob G. Brill, private Company A; Matthias Tapier and Samuel Browning, privates Company I, the latter having since died from the effects of his wound.

By your order I now moved to the south side of the railroad to re-enforce General Hascall. We found the enemy vigorously assaulting his lines with artillery and infantry. Our place here was assigned us by General Rosecrans in person, who ordered us to take the position and hold it. We advanced to the place designated, which was on the south side of the Nashville and Murfreesborough turnpike, returning the fire of the enemy until near sundown, when he withdrew to the cover of the woods, leaving us in possession of the ground.

At nightfall I threw out one company as pickets 100 paces to the front, instructing the officer in command to avail himself of the opportunity to carefully note any movement of the enemy. Near midnight he informed me that he could distinctly hear the tramp of horses and

