
had Handson's brigade of four Kentucky regiments and two Tennessee regiments of infantry, with five batteries of artillery, were defeated, and enabled our troops to give an additional proof of their efficiency and valor.

As we did not reoccupy the field of action, the enemy's total loss is unknown, but is represented by prisoners to have been large. Twenty-three prisoners were captured, including 2 captains of Morgan's artillery. Our casualties of the day were 26 wounded and 19 missing.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel DUCAT, Chief of Staff.

Numbers 2.

Reports of Colonel Robert F. Smith, Sixteenth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Edgefield, Tenn., November 5. 1862.

SIR: In compliance with orders received from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, that this morning, about daylight, the rebel force, under General Morgan, numbering not less than 2,000, attacked my pickets at the railroad station, and succeeded in surrounding the company stationed there (Company E, Sixteenth Illinois, Captain Wilson). The outposts were immediately called in by Captain Wilson, and, after a severe skirmish, the company succeeded in cutting its way through the enemy and reaching camp. Company K, Sixteenth Illinois, under command of First Lieutenant Woodall, with 10 men of Company D, under Lieutenant Sommerville, who were stationed on the White's Creek pike, were now completely cut off from camp, but all succeeded in returning safety by reaching the river and marching under the shelter of its bank to the intrenchments.

Company C, Captain Rowe, which was stationed on the Gallatin pike,had by this time attacked and driven back the enemy's left, when the right also fell back, leaving 5 of their wounded in our hands.

We took from the enemy, besides the wounded, 2 prisoners, 2 horses, bridles, saddles, &amp;c., and one regimental flag.

The officers and engaged all behaved with unusual coolness and bravery, especially Companies E and C.

I cannot close my report without mentioning the excellent conduct of the mounted scouts belonging to Captain Twyman's independent command. I have rarely seen their equal for bravery efficiency. The casualties in my command are as follows: Wounded, 5; missing, and probably taken prisoners, 6.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,R. F. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Sixteenth Illinois Volunteers and Post.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Second Brigade, First Division, Army of the Mississippi.

