
small quantity of salt, beans, and hard bread, which were turned over to my brigade commissary, who will account for them. One of the captured wagons, with 4 mules, was left with the surgeon in charge of the wounded, to be used to haul wood for them.

I found in a house near the battle-field wounded rebels, whom I paroled, and a roll of which I have forwarded to the Adjutant-General of the United States Army. I forward also to you a list of said rebels, to be forwarded, if necessary, to department headquarters. This list includes some wounded rebels, found upon my return to Hartsville on the 10th instant.

I had no means of ascertaining the exact number of rebels killed and wounded, but I did ascertain that they removed most of their wounded and some of their killed; and from all I could gather it is quite probable that the number of rebels of killed and wounded, if it did not exceed, at least equaled the number of killed and wounded on our side.

The rebel force engaged amounted to not less than five regiments and one battery. Two of the regiments were the Second and Ninth Kentucky (rebel) Infantry, of General Hanson's brigade, and three were from Morgan's cavalry brigade, and I am inclined to the opinion that there were other rebels regiments on the south side of the river, in close supporting distance. Some of our wounded officers assure me that they saw this force. If such a force was there, it was, no doubt, for the purpose of holding the ford, while the rebel troops retired across the river after the fight had concluded. The entire rebel force on the field was under the immediate command of Morgan.

The average number of cartridges found to be missing out of the three hundred and odd cartridge-boxes saved was about six, and in a very large number there did not appear to be any cartridges missing. Full three-fourths of the guns recaptured were loaded, and many of them capped.

The rebels crossed the river during the night of the 6th, at two places, a few miles below Hartsville. The infantry crossed at a ferry. They were most of the night, as I learned, in crossing. They united a short distance from Hartsville, and formed in line of battle between the camp of Colonel Moore and the Gallatin and Hartsville pike. The fight lasted about an hour-probably an hour and a quarter, not longer. The enemy captured and took with them two pieces of Nicklin's battery, which had been sent to Hartsville but a few days previous to the fight. These two pieces had evidently been well served, since I found upon the field two caissons of the rebel battery entirely disabled. From Hartsville a plain, direct road leads to the two points where the rebels crossed the river.

I did not receive at any time during the night of the 6th any intimation from the commandant at Harstville that the enemy was crossing near his camp. Had I known, or even suspected, that such was the case; or had I been advised even at daylight on the morning of the 7th, of the approach of the rebels; or had the force at Hartsville held out but a little longer, the result in either case might have been very different. In marching to Hartsville I did so without any specific orders; but I felt it to be my duty to march to the assistance of the force stationed there, if attacked by the enemy; and I am very sure that both Colonel Miller and myself, as well as our respective commands, did all that men could do to reach Hartsville in time to aid our brethren.

I do not deem it my duty to express in this official report any opinion which I may have in regard to the causes which led to the unfortunate disaster at Hartsville. That opinion might do injustice to the officers

