
rumbling of artillery moving from our right to our left. Upon investigation I was satisfied that the enemy was massing his forces on our left, and forthwith informed you of the fact.

At 2 o'clock on the morning of January 1, I informed General Rosecrans of this movement of the enemy, when he immediately arranged to relieve us from this position, which we had held since noon of the preceding day.

Our casualties during our absence from your brigade were: Wounded, Isaac McDonald, private Company B; Israel Garrett and J. C. Huffman, privates Company C; Austin Harvey and Evan Foulke, privates Company D; Lewellyn Echelberry, sergeant Company E; George Robinson, private Company G, and John Moore, private Company H. Killed: A. M. Hasom, color sergeant; August Reinsch, private Company B, and John Rodecker, private Company G.

At 3 o'clock on the morning of the 1st, I reported my regiment to you, and was assigned a place in the front line, about a half mile to the rear of the position occupied by me at the beginning of the engagement. We remained here during the day, with no other annoyance than an occasional shot or shell from the enemy's guns. At night we bivouacked on the spot.

On the morning of the 2nd, our skirmishers were advanced a half mile to the front, where they remained undisturbed until 2.45 p.m., when the enemy attacked our forces across the river and our skirmishers were driven back. We were here subjected to a cross-fire from the enemy's guns for more than an hour, wounding Charles H. Claspbell, corporal Company K; Purley Dickson, sergeant, and Benjamin Kinsey, private Company D.

At 5 p.m. we crossed Stone's River and remained on its right bank until the morning of the 4th without further event.

Our loss during the whole engagement was 3 killed, 15 wounded, and 6 missing.

The officers and men in my command everywhere acquitted themselves nobly, and we never lost a position after once taking it.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

JOHN Q. LANE,

Colonel Ninety-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel G. D. WAGNER,

Commanding Twenty-first Brigade.

No. 112. Report of Colonel Charles G. Harker, Sixty-fifth Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, LEFT WING,FOURTEENTH A. C., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Murfreesborough, Tenn., January --, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the troops under my command from the 29th ultimo to the 4th instant, inclusive:

The Third Brigade, First Division, left wing, Fourteenth Army Corps, Department of the Cumberland, formerly the Twentieth Brigade, Sixth Division, consisting of the Fifty-first Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Colonel.

