
The Sixty-fifth Ohio Volunteers-officers killed, 2; wounded, 8; enlisted men killed, 33; wounded, 92; missing, 38. Total, 173.

The Sixth Ohio Battery-officers wounded, 1; enlisted men killed, 2; wounded, 7; missing, 1. Total, 11.

Total loss in killed, wounded, and missing, 539.

The following is a correct list of the killed and wounded officers of command;

Of the Fifty-first Indiana, Captain Francis M. Constant, Company G, and Second Lieutenant Alfred Gude, wounded.

Of the Sixty-fourth Ohio, Captain Joseph B. Sweet, killed; First Lieuts. Warner Young, Joseph B. Ferguson, and Chauncey Woodruff (regimental adjutant), wounded.

Of the Thirteenth Michigan, Captain Clement C. Webb, Company E;Second Lieutenant John E. McIvor, Company E, wounded.

Of the Seventy-third Indiana, Captains Miles H. Tibbits, Company F; and Peter Doyle, Company H, killed; Major William Krimbill, wounded Second Lieutenants Emanuel Williamson, Company I, and John Butterfield, Company K, wounded.

Of the Sixty-fifth Ohio, Captain J. Christophel and Second Lieutenant Dolsen Van Kirk, killed; Lieutenant Col. A. Cassil, Major H. N. Whitbeck, Captain R. M. Voorhees, Company F., First Lieutenant A. A. Gardner, Second Lieutenant and Regimental Adjt. William H. Massey, Second Lieutenants Peter Markel, Joel P. Brown, Frank Pealer, and Acting Lieutenant R. S. Rook, wounded.

Of the Sixth Ohio Battery, First Lieutenant O. H. P. Ayres, wounded.

From the 29th to the 2nd, inclusive, my brigade occupied some portion of the front, and during each day some portion of the forces under my command were engaged with the enemy,and sustained greater or less losses. For the cheerful manner in which they stood up under these fatigues and exposures they are entitled to commendation.

I cannot close this report without paying a tribute of respect to the memory of the soldierly Sweet, the conscientious Christophel, and the intelligent and noble-hearted Van Kirk, who fell while manfully encouraging their men in the trying hour of battle. The country will do justice to the memory of the brave soldiers who so gloriously fell on the morning of December 31.

Great praise is due to Dr. J. M. Todd, Sixty-fifth Ohio, acting brigade surgeon, for the care and professional skill extended to our wounded after the battle.

Where all behaved so gallantly it would be unjust to particularize, but I cannot refrain from mentioning in terms of special praise the name of Captain Cullen Bradley, of the Sixth Ohio Battery, attached to my brigade. This gallant officer, ever at his post, was always ready to engage the enemy whenever he opened upon our troops,and managed his battery with so much judgment and skill as to silence those of the enemy in every instance. Such valuable services and such meritorious conduct, I believe, will not be overlooked. I therefore take great pleasure in recommending Captain Bradley for some position commensurate with his merit and ability in the artillery branch of the regular service.

Of both officers and men under my command I can speak in tones of unqualified praise for their bravery and good conduct throughout the engagement in front of Murfreesborough. I must also mention a circumstance worthy of notice which occurred on Friday, the 2nd instant. The enemy's sharpshooters, taking advantage of the woods in our front and to the right and left, had crept up sufficiently near our camp with the evident intention of picking off our general and field officers. They

