
annoyed us exceedingly, firing at every mounted officer or man who appeared near the front. Desirous of dislodging this concealed foe, I directed the skirmishers to advance and clear the woods if possible. Captain Chambers, of the Fifty-first Indiana, had command of the skirmishers, consisting of 40 men from his own company; Company B, Seventy-third Indiana Volunteers, Captain Gladwyn commanding; Company D, Seventy-third Indiana, Lieutenant Grimes commanding; Company H, Sixty-fifth Ohio, Lieutenant Joel P. Brown commanding; Company E, Sixty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Lieutenant Hinman commanding; Company K, Sixty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Lieutenant Mathias Commanding and Company E, Sixty-fourth Ohio Volunteers, Sergeant Holden commanding. The little detachment numbered only 120 men. The enemy's force was much larger. Our skirmishers drove them until they were checked by the enemy's batteries.

Thus these brave men not only drove a concealed enemy from a strong hiding place, but elicited valuable information concerning the position of his masked batteries. This act of gallantry elicited the praise and admiration of all who witnessed it.

To my personal staff, Captain S. L. Coulter, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant A. B. Case, acting assistant inspector-general, and D. L. Wright, aide-de-camp, I am indebted for valuable assistance throughout this memorable battle.

For details I would most respectfully, refer you to the reports of regimental commanders.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. G. HARKER,

Colonel Sixty-fifth Regiment of Ohio Volunteers, Comdg. Brigade.

Brigadier-General HASCALL,

Comdg. First Division, Left Wing, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 113. Report of Colonel Abel D. Streight, Fifty-first Indiana Infantry.

ON THE BATTLE-FIELD,

Near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 4, 1863

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the battle near Murfreesborough, from the 29th ultimo to the 2nd instant, inclusive:

At about 4 p.m. I arrived on the west bank of Stone's River, about one-half mile north of the Murfreesborough and Nashville pike, and 2 miles from Murfreesborough,where I was ordered to halt until further orders. Here I remainder until about dark, when I received orders to cross the river, preparatory to moving upon Murfreesborough. Being fully aware that the enemy occupied the opposite bank, and as none of our troops had at that time crossed the river, it became necessary to proceed somewhat cautiously, in order to avoid the danger of running into an ambuscade; consequently I deployed Companies A and F to act as skirmishers,and ordered them to cross in advance and engage the enemy briskly, and, if possible, to seize the heights on the east side of the river.

No sooner had my skirmishers crossed than the enemy opened a brisk fire from under cover of a strong fence but a few yards distant.

