
troops to my left were attacked desperately, the enemy did not attempt to bring infantry against me after his repulse.

Shortly after I had obtained full possession of the ridge, I was informed by Lieutenant-Colonel Colescott, then in command of the skirmishers, that large masses of troops were seen moving toward a piece of woods to my left and front. I at once notified Colonel Harker, and requested that the Sixth Ohio Battery, Captain Bradley, be sent to the ridge occupied by my regiment. The battery was promptly on the ground, but not soon, for by the time it was in position the enemy had engaged the troops to my left. Captain Bradley opened a most terrific fire, thus enfilading their ranks (they were in column four regiments deep) at a distance not to exceed 500 yards. Their dead were literally piled in heaps by te terrific fire from the battery. Nothing else could have saved our troops to my left from total destruction.

The battle had been raging for about three-quarters of an hour when I was notified that the division on our left was falling back; consequently my position would have to be abandoned. At this moment Colonel Harker ordered me to fall back, which was done in good order, bringing off all may wounded.

Having received no orders as to what point I should fall back to, I formed in line of battle on the first advantageous ground, expecting to give the enemy battle,, but was again ordered to fall back to the position first occupied on the extreme right, and at once deployed Companies H and C as skirmishers. The enemy again approached our lines on the left which formed an angle of about fifteen degrees to the front of our position. My skirmishers and the troops to my left were but handsomely engaged, when the enemy broke and fled from the field in great confusion. It was now nearly night, and the contest was ended for the day. Other troops were brought up, and we were again ordered to the position occupied on the position occupied on the previous day and bivouacked for the night.

Early the next morning we were ordered into position about one-half mile to our right and rear, where we remained through the day. Companies A and G,and one company from the Seventy-third Indiana, were sent forward as skirmishers to drive the enemy from a piece of woods about one-half mile to our front, which was occupied in short order. This was all the engagement my men were in on that day.

January 2, I took Company H, together with several volunteers from my regiment, and drove the enemy from the woods formerly occupied by the Twenty-first Brigade. The contest was severe in the extreme for a short time, but the boys soon got the advantage, and the woods were ours. Ten of the enemy were left dead on the ground. This was the last engagement in which my men participated.

Our entire loss is 7 killed, 34 wounded, and 9 missing. Members of my regiment took 19 rebel prisoners-1 a major and 1 a captain. From careful observation on the various grounds fought over by me men, I am convinced that we have killed not less than 60 of the enemy, and by adding five times that number, the usual proportion of the wounded to the killed, we have a grand total of 360. These figures, though seemingly large for the amount of loss sustained by us, I feel confident could be fully verified by the facts.

Most of the ground fought over by my regiment has not been covered by other troops, and in nearly every case we have been placed where it was easy to decide which were our killed. The success attending us in most cases,and our small loss, I think, is attributable in a great measure to the advantage taken of the ground.

