
Feeling grateful beyond expression for the brave soldierly bearing and prompt manner in which both officers and men performed every duty assigned them, I feel a great delicacy in mentioning names, being fully convinced that it is more owing to the difference in circumstances than to the difference in men. Nevertheless, Captains Russell, Company A; Chambers, Company H, and Flinn, Company F, and the officers and men under them, are justly entitled to honors for distinguished services at different times during their various engagement with the enemy though I do not wish to detract one star from the imperishable glory won by other worthy members of my regiment.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. D. STREIGHT,

Colonel Fifty-first Indiana Volunteers.

Colonel C. G. HARKER,

Sixty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Twentieth Brigade.

Numbers 114. Report of Colonel Gilbert Hathaway, Seventy-third Indiana Infantry.

CAMP NEAR MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.

January 4, 1863

SIR: In compliance with your request, I have the honor to report that the Seventy-third Regiment Indiana Volunteers, under my command, left Nashville on the morning of the 26th, taking the Murfreesborough road, encamping that night near La Vergne.

The next day we marched in line of battle through the fields and cedar thickets amidst a drenching rain, encamping at night on the camping-ground of the enemy, which bore abundant evidence of having been hastily evacuated. In the course of the day we passed several of his camp grounds, strewed with many signs of very recent occupation. Some sharp skirmishing was had to-day by one of my flanking companies.

The next day being Sunday, we remained quiet in camp. The enemy had been here in considerable force, and, in this connection, I may be permitted to mention that a company from my command, and one from that of Colonel Streight's, crossed the river to a camp still in possession of the enemy's pickets, where we found more than 100 cavalry sabers, several rifles, and other arms, which were taken possession of without much resistance,and brought to our camp.

On Monday morning the line of march was resumed. Passing through the same kind of country as on yesterday (very rough and broken), we came to Stone's River, not far from where the railroad crosses the stream, and about 2 miles from Murfreesborough, the enemy being strongly posted on a rise of ground on the opposite bank.

After nightfall my command waded the river amidst a shower of balls with which our reception was greeted. My command was quickly formed and marched in line of battle up the hill, during which time my skirmishers kept up a vigorous fire with those of the enemy, who retired at our approach. Halting under the brow of the hill, we waited the attack, which we had reason to expect, and doubtless would have experienced, had it not been that the very boldness of our advance intimidated him. We were near enough to distinctly hear his officers urge their men for-

