
and men, whose conduct may be the subject of inquiry before a proper tribunal. My sole purpose has been, in compliance with the order of the division commander, to give such facts as my visit to Hartsville elicited. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. HARLAN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain EDWARD C. DENIG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 5. Report of Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE, December 14, 1862.

LIEUTENANT:In compliance with the request of the colonel commanding the division, asking for all the information I have gained concerning the late affair at Hartsville, I have the honor to inclose a copy of the official report of Major Samuel Hill, Second Indiana Cavalry. He embodies only a history of the part taken by his regiment in the engagement. From unofficial statements, made by various officers and men, I am satisfied that, while the One hundred and fourth Illinois and Second Indiana Cavalry, the other regiments of the brigade fled disgracefully, and left their comrades to make a hopeless fight against superior numbers.

Paroled men tell me that many of the persons who had come within our lines at Hartsville, and claimed protection as refugee conscripts, were in the enemy's ranks, and employed guarding them on their way to Murfreesborough. They assure me that there can be no mistake, for they recognized them distinctly. Does not this convey the lesson that none of those who come to us and claim protection as refugee, or ask privileges as citizens, are to be trusted? Clothed in the peaceful garb of the citizen, they enter our camps and pass through our lines, and the citizen's dress is generally but the disguise of a spy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant M. B. CHAMBERLAIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen., First Cavalry Division.

No. 6. Report of Major Samuel Hill, Second Indiana Cavalry.

CAMP ROSECRANS, NEAR NASHVILLE, December 13, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to your request, I submit the following statement of facts in relation to the disaster at Hartsville, Tenn., on the 7th instant:

On the 6th, scouts were made on all the roads approaching Hartsville,

