
ward, appealing in the name of their "country and their rights" to make the attack; but they came not. We then recrossed the stream and bivouacked for the night near its bank.

The next day skirmishing was indulged in with successful issues. Heavy firing was kept up on our right and left most of the day.

On the morning of the 31st ultimo, the enemy apparently making a more vigorous attack on the right wing of the army than at any time before, we were sent in that direction, and were soon engaged with him. The Sixty-fifth Ohio, had taken position in a piece of woodland. In obedience to orders, I took my command to their support. They soon became engaged with a heavy column, which was pressing against it with great force. Well did they sustain themselves, till, by great superiority of number, they were compelled to give way. Passing over my command, which at the time was lying down, we, in turn, were instantly engaged. Twelve rounds were fired with great spirit and effect, when it was seen that the enemy was retreating in disorder, taking an oblique direction to the left. I ordered an advance, and well, indeed, was it obeyed-pressing forward on the double-quick; the ground recently occupied by the Sixty-fifth Ohio was attained, the enemy still fleeing before us. There being no support for us on our left, and the battery on our right (which in the beginning of the engagement had rendered good service) having been withdrawn, the enemy bringing up his reserve, crossed an open field on our left, and subjected us to an enfilading fire for several moments of a most destructive character.

Being thus left entirely alone, and finding it impossible to withstand such fearful odds, I withdrew in a somewhat disorder state, but soon rallied and again took position in front. My horse having been shot in the early part of the engagement, I was compelled to remain on foot the remainder of the day, when, by your kindness, I was furnished with another. That night we bivouacked on the same ground as the night before.

From that time to the evening of the 3rd we were in the front, being more or less exposed to the shells of the enemy, sustaining some loss thereby.

We took no active part in any of the actions that ensued, with the exception of having 20 men engaged, with others of the brigade, in gallantly driving about 300 sharpshooters from a piece of woodland, where they had annoyed us for a day or two.

It affords me great pleasure to say to you that all of my command behaved most nobly through all the trying scenes they were called to pass; and where all behaved so well, it would be invidious to make especial mention of any.

In conclusion, I would remark that my command numbered, on the morning of the 31st ultimo, 309 enlisted men, 19 line officers, and 3 field and staff. The casualties of that day were as follows: Enlisted men killed, 22; wounded,, 49. Captains Miles H. Tibbits, Company F, and Peter Doyle, Company H, killed; Second Lieutenants Emanuel Williamson, Company I, and John Butterfield, Company K, wounded; also Major William Krimbill, slightly wounded in the knee, and 36 missing. My judgment is that fully one-half those missing are killed or wounded, and part of the others taken prisoners.

Respectfully submitted.

G. HATHAWAY,

Colonel Seventy-third Indiana.

Colonel C. G. HARKER,

Commanding Third Brigade, First Division.

