
lieutenant, whom we captured,informed me that our fire was very destructive,and that their loss in wounded must largely exceed ours.

On the 1st instant my regiment was exposed to a scattering fire all day, but was not actually engaged. At night we were ordered to the extreme front, to protect the Sixth Ohio Battery, and lay all night on our arms.

On the 2nd instant, while supporting our battery, my regiment was exposed to a terrible fire from the artillery of the enemy, the number of guns playing upon us at one time being, as stated by Captain Bradley, eighteen. Though necessarily inactive, my regiment steadily maintained their for over an hour, when on of our batteries commenced playing upon us from the rear. I then withdrew my regiment a few rods to the left, to a less exposed situation.

In the afternoon we crossed Stone's River with our division, and remained there doing duty both Friday and Saturday nights. On Sunday morning we recrossed the river and bivouacked near the hospitals.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. SHOEMAKER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain S. L. COULTER

Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen., Third Brigadier First Div., Left Wing.

Numbers 116. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alexander McIlvain, Sixty-fourth Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. SIXTY-FOURTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS.

In the Field, January 5, 1863

SIR: I have the honor herewith to report the number of killed, wounded and missing in this command, from December 27, 1862

to January 3, 1863, inclusive, so far as can be ascertained from company commanders now present.*

The command arrived on the south bank of Stone's River on the evening of December 29, 1862, and crossed to the opposite or Murfreesborough side after nightfall on the same evening, and formed as reserve to the remainder of the Twentieth Brigade. Recrossed the river during the same night, and next morning, while on duty on the front, had 1 man killed by the enemy.

On the morning of the 31st was ordered from the left to the right of the line, and occupied the second line on the right. It was discovered that the enemy was approaching on the left flank; I ordered the command forward on tenth company, and, by order, fixed bayonets and successfully drove them for some distance, when the command became isolated and was ordered to fall back.

Among the casualties of officers of my command, I seriously regret the loss of Captain Joseph B. Sweet, who fell while bravely leading his company into the thickest of the engagement. As an officer and true and devoted soldier, Captain Sweet bore the well-merited love and respect of all those who knew him. Having adopted military life as a profession, and for a long time served in the regular army, he was proficient in all the high qualifications that pertained to his calling. In him his country and cause have lost a brave and patriotic officer.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted. It shows 24 killed, 66 wounded, and 17 missing.

---------------

