
Of those wounded, honorable mention is justly due to First Lieutenants Warner Young and Joseph B. Ferguson, and First Lieutenant and Regimental Adjt. Chauncey Woodruff, all of whom exerted themselves to their utmost to press forward their respective commands to the charge, and only ceased their labors when overcome by the exhaustion occasioned by their wounds. I learn with pleasure that, although seriously, none were mortally wounded.

The officers who survived the battle did honor to the State they hail from and the cause they nobly fought for. Of those who commanded companies, the names of each can be honorably mentioned in justice to them: Capt. R. C. Brown, of Company C;First Lieutenants Samuel Wolf, of Company A, and Henry H. Kling, of Company D; Second Lieutenants Norman K. Brown, Company F, and T. Eugene Tillotson, Company B; and First Sergts. James L. Hall, of Company G, and David Cumins, of Company H; also Lieutenant George R. Hall, of Company K, and Sergeants Kuneman and Holden, of Companies I and E, respectively, who commanded the companies to which they were attached, after their immediate commanders had been either killed or wounded; also Second Lieutenant Thomas E. Ehlers, who assisted in the command of Company A. The above-named officers did their duty regardless of the danger to which they were exposed at every step while gallantly leading their men forward to meet and charge the enemy.

The file-closers, without exception, manfully stood up to their work, and I cannot, in justice to them all, single out any one for special subject of remark, and too much praise cannot be attached to their patriotism and heroic military bearing. The men in the ranks all did their duty, and did it well, and they are heroes, all.

While we deeply regret and truly sympathize with the friends of those who were either killed or wounded, we are, as they can be, consoled with the thought that they all fell while bravely battling for their country's right and the overthrow of rebellion.

ALEXANDER McILVAIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel C. G. HARKER,

Commanding Twentieth Brigade.

Numbers 117. Report of Major Horatio N. Whitbeck, Sixty-fifth Ohio Infantry.

IN CAMP, NEAR MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

January 6, 1863

SIR: The Sixty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Cassil, left is bivouac, near Duck Creek, on Monday morning, December 29, 1862. In the advance its position was on the left wing of the front line of the brigade. Two companies were deployed as skirmishers, who very soon encountered a strong cavalry picket of the enemy. This force contested our advance at times sharply, but disappeared near Stone's River. When within a couple of miles of the same river, several shells were thrown at us from cannon, which soon retired. In this skirmishing we sustained no loss, but several of the enemy's saddles were seen to have been emptied and the horses straggling.

We reached the heights on the north side of the river about 3 p.m.

33 R R-VOL XX, PT I

