
where we lay in line till after sundown. Orders were received to advance upon Murfreesborough that night. I was in command of the companies of skirmishers, and immediately threw them across the river, and commenced the ascent of the opposite heights.

Passing the skirt of woods, we encountered the enemy's skirmishers strongly posted to the front on the crest of the hill, and on my left behind a rail fence. A galling fire brought our line to a halt, but we soon cleared the hill, and, advancing over the crest, we found ourselves within 30 paces of a regiment of rebels, who, in their confusion, were rallying with great difficulty. I at once retired the line to the woods, where we remained till the whole brigade had recrossed, when we were quietly withdrawn.

Sergeant Snider, acting orderly, was wounded in the face, which was the only injury our regiment suffered. The regiment itself crossed the stream in good order, under fire of the rebel skirmishers, and remained in line behind the skirt of woods till it recrossed with these brigade.

Tuesday we lay in bivouac near the river, and went on picket at night. In accordance with Colonel Harker's order, we were ready to move at daybreak, with 60 rounds of cartridges to a man.

We received marching orders about 8 a.m. and moved at once forward. The enemy's sharpshooters and a battery on the opposite hill began a fierce fire of ball and shell upon us as we returned up the heights. When on the summit, a shell exploded in the ranks of Company B, killing 1 and wounding 2. We double-quicked, under a storm of shell, after the brigade, which was some distance ahead, moving to the support of the right wing. When the brigade was formed to advance through the open field to the right of General Van Cleve's division, our regiment was placed on the left of the front line, with the Fifty-first Regiment Indiana Volunteers on our right and the Seventy-third Regiment Indiana Volunteers to our rear. Company I, Captain Christophel, was deployed to the front as skirmishers, but, having suffered severely, was,in a short time, relieved by Company H, Lieutenant Brown. When near the skirt of timber protruding from the main forest, we marched by the right flank to support the Sixth Ohio Battery. We were again moved toward the enemy and placed behind a rise of ground. We suddenly found them in line at a short distance, and immediately commenced firing. The enemy, though in brigade front, three columns deep, staggered, concealed himself as far as possible, and did not venture to advance under our fire.

Meanwhile, General Van Cleve's division giving way, the line of the enemy on our left advancing completely outflanked us, and we were suffering under a raking cross-fire. We held the position for about thirty minutes, and fell back, in accordance with orders; formed behind the Seventy-third Regiment Indiana Volunteers, and moved by the flank to oppose the advancing right of the enemy. We took our position behind a rail fence, and again held the enemy in check for about twenty minutes. At length, being nearly cut off by the on the right, we retired behind the line of battle, resting in the wood near the pike.

We had suffered severely; out of 16 officers with the regiment, 2 had been killed and 8 wounded. Second Lieutenant Van Kirk, commanding Company A, fell in the advance; Captain Christophel, of Company I some time in the retreat. Both were doing their duty unflinchingly and manfully. Lieutenant-Colonel Cassil having been disabled by the fall of his horse at the second stand of the regiment, I then took command. We rejoined our division at night near the position we left in

