
On Thursday, January 1, we lay in front, in support and to the right of the Sixth Ohio Battery, during the furious cannonading, and were annoyed by sharpshooters during the whole day. We picketed at night.

Our skirmishers covered the front on Friday. The regiment lay in a little clump of wood, in support of the battery, and exposed to the most terrific shelling during the morning. In the afternoon our skirmishers, in conjunction with those of the brigade cleared the wood in front of rebel skirmishers and sharpshooters; were in turn shelled out, and again took possession and held it.

Near night, and the close of the engagement on the left we moved over the river, threw up a defense of rails to the front, and remained there through the rain till morning. We were retired till Saturday night, when we again picketed the left front. About 2 a.m. Sunday we were marched back to our present bivouac.

The following is the list of the casualties of the regiment: Lieutenant-Colonel Cassil, severe sprain by the fall of his horse; Major Whitbeck, slightly wounded in the neck; Adjutant Massey, severely in leg and slightly in face and hip; Captains Jacob Christophel, killed, and Voorhees, through the side; First Lieutenant Gardner, through side; Second Lieutenants Van Kirk, killed; Markel through hip; Brown, in the shoulder, and Pealer, through thigh, and Acting Second Lieutenant Rook, in thigh.

Of 382 enlisted men in the engagements during the week, 34 were killed, 100 wounded, and 38 missing; total 172. Of the missing, some are known to be prisoners, others are serving in hospitals, and a few stragglers are still coming up.

I will not particularize when all, officers and men, conducted themselves so coolly and fought so determinedly against such desperate odds; nor need I mention their patience under such privations and exposures in midwinter.

HORATIO N. WHITBECK,

Major, Commanding Sixty-fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteers.

Captain COULTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 118 Report of Brigadier General John M. Palmer, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

HDQRS. SECOND DIV., LEFT WING, FOURTEENTH A. C.

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND.

Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 9, 1863

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the general commanding, the following report of the operations of this division from and including December 27 up to and including January 4, instant:

At 11.20 a.m. December 27, while in camp near La Vergne, I received orders to move forward, following the division of General Wood, and to detach a brigade, to proceed by the Jefferson pike, and seize the bridge across Stewart's Creek. The duty of conducting this operation was assigned to Colonel Hazen. How well and skillfully it was done will be seen by his report, which is herewith forwarded.

The brigades of Cruft and Grose reached the west bank of Stewart's

