
and, at 4 o'clock of that day, Lebanon, Tenn., was not occupied by the enemy, nor were there any indications of an advance of their forces.

At 6.30 o'clock on the morning of the 7th, the couriers announced the approach of the enemy on the old Lebanon road, and immediately after they appeared in view at a distance of three-fourths of a mile, and commenced to form their columns for attack. The Second Indiana Cavalry,commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Stewart, was ordered out, dismounted, to defend the camp, with the exception of Company G, which was mounted, and was ordered forward, to commence skirmishing with the enemy. The infantry was ordered to form line, their flanks resting on the heads of two ravines; and, on the line being formed, the Second Indiana was ordered to return to camp, mount, and then take position to protect the flanks of the infantry. Up to this time, from a half to three-fourths of an hour, no attack had been made on our lines, and no fighting done, except by the skirmishers of Company G, Second Indiana, a portion of whom were captured by venturing too far, among them Lieutenant Parsley, who commanded the company.

The attack was made by the enemy's infantry and artillery simultaneously, while overwhelming numbers of their cavalry showed themselves upon the flanks and rear of our position. These we managed to hold in check during the engagement, and prevented them from materially assisting their infantry in their attack on ours.

I have thus stated the part the Second Indiana Cavalry took in the engagement, though they resisted the enemy between a quarter and half an hour after our main force had surrendered.

The enemy's force consisted of the Second and Ninth Kentucky and Eighteenth Tennessee Infantry; Colonel Duke's, Colonel Gano's, and Colonel Bennett's cavalry, and one battalion Texas Rangers. Their artillery force consisted of four rifled 6-pounders, two 12-pounder howitzers, and two small rifled pieces, caliber unknown.

On the opposite side of the river there were in view one regiment of cavalry, two of infantry, and a battery of six pieces, two of which were rifled. The artillery on the south side of the river during the engagement was occupied in shelling our camp and cavalry.

In consequence of my hand being disabled by a gun-shot wound, I authorize John Schooler to affix my signature.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL HILL,

Major Second Indiana Cavalry.

Colonel E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

No. 7. Report of Colonel Absalom B. Moore, One hundred and fourth Illinois Infantry, commanding Thirty-ninth Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS 104TH REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill., February 25, 1863.

GENERAL: Having been exchanged as a prisoner of war, and released from my confinement in a rebel prison, I hasten to give you my report of the battle of Hartsville, Tenn., which occurred December 7, 1862.

The Thirty-ninth Brigade, consisting of the One hundred and fourth Illinois Infantry, One hundred and sixth and One Hundred and eighth

