
From the fact that our hospital was nearer the battle-field than any other, we were during the fight necessarily crowded with hundreds of the wounded from other divisions, making our duties very responsible and laborious; and I cannot, in justice submit this report without making honorable mention of all the medical officers in your division. They have shown themselves equal to their responsible duties, and have been untiring in their efforts both day and night to alleviate the sufferings of the wounded who have come under their notice; and more especially would I make honorable mention of Dr. J. B. Armstrong, acting brigade surgeon of the First Brigade, and Dr. S. H. Kersey, acting brigade surgeon of the Third Brigade, who were selected as operating surgeons and they have proved themselves abundantly competent to the task, and have not allowed themselves one moment's rest while the suffering needed their attention.

Their devotion to their suffering fellow-soldiers should win for them the esteem and unbounded confidence of all who know them.

Very respectfully,

M. G. SHERMAN,

Acting Medical Director, Second Division, Left Wing,

Department of the Cumberland.

Brigadier General J. M. PALMER,

Commanding Division.

Numbers 120. Report of Captain William E. Standart, Battery B., First Ohio Light Artillery.

JANUARY -, 1863

On December 26, was ordered to march; took up line of march toward Murfreesborough; in the afternoon moved to the front, and fired on the enemy at and in the vicinity of La Vergne. One man wounded by premature discharge.

December 27, 28, and 29, no casualties.

December 30, was ordered to the right of the Twenty-second Brigade, and in the afternoon fired at long range for one hour; 1 horse killed.

December 31, in the morning took same position; was soon ordered to advance and move in connection with Brigadier-General Negley's division, which was on my right, the battery being on the right of the Twenty-second Brigade. General Cruft's brigade, General Cruft's brigade, General Negley's division, not moving to the front, and the artillery that was on my left being moved off, changed our section from the right to the left of the Twenty-second Brigade.

The fight at this time was general along our front and right and left of our position near the fence. The enemy showing himself in great numbers on the left, brought all the guns to bear on the cotton-field. The division of General Negley at this time gave way; we received a heavy fire from our right, held our position for a short time, and, the ammunition being expended, were forced to retire, the enemy following us close.

The caisson was ordered out and pieces followed. Had 86 rounds in the boxes when went to the supply trains, filled up the limbers of the pieces, and sent the caisson to the rear, it being all the ammunition that I could get.

Loss: Killed, 1; wounded (3 since died), 9; missing, 2; 15 horses killed.

