
In the afternoon of January 1, I was ordered up the pike by General Rosecrans. Not having anything to do, was ordered to relieve Captain Stokes' (Chicago Board of Trade) battery. Lieutenant Baldwin took the same position with three pieces, and Lieutenant Sturges, with three pieces, as was occupied by Captain Stokes' battery.

In the morning the enemy opened a heavy fire on the three pieces of Lieutenant Baldwin, who was soon forced to retire. Lost 1 man killed and 5 horses. Lieutenant Sturges, not replying to the enemy's fire, retained his position. In the afternoon was ordered to the left with three pieces, and opened fire as the enemy was being successfully repulsed. Remained on the field for the night.

On January 3, in the evening, Lieutenant Sturges opened fire on the woods in his front, and the enemy's pickets being driven back, was relieved from picket duty. One thousand six hundred and ten rounds of ammunition expended. The battery wagon, being among the wagon trains, was broken down; the axles have been used to repair carriages, and contents have been taken by different batteries. Lieutenants Baldwin and Sturges, as well as every one in the batter, did their whole duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. STANDART,

Captain Battery B, First Ohio Light Artillery.

Brigadier-General PALMER,

Commanding Second Division, Left Wing of the Army.

Numbers 121. Report of Lieutenant Norval Osburn, Battery F, First Ohio Light Artillery.

HDQRS. BATTERY F, FIRST OHIO LIGHT ARTILLERY.

January -, 1863

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by Battery F, First Regiment Ohio Volunteer Artillery, in the march from Nashville, and the recent engagements near Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

Our battery numbered on the morning of December 26, 1862, 125 enlisted men and 3 commissioned officers, Captain Daniel T. Cockerill commanding.

We left our camp, near Nashville, about 9 a.m. December 26, 1862

receiving orders from you to march with the Nineteenth Brigade, commanded by Colonel W. B. Hazen. Went into camp late in the evening near La Vergne, having taken no part in any of the skirmishing during the day.

December 27, received orders to move with the Nineteenth Brigade on the Smyrna pike. We came upon the enemy's cavalry at the crossing of the railroad. Colonel Hazen ordered a section of our battery to the front. Our cavalry made a brilliant charge and drove the enemy beyond the Stewart's Creek Bridge, when the enemy rallied,under cover of a wood, and formed. We threw a few well-directed shell into their lines, which dispersed them, killing some 2 or 3, as we afterward ascertained. Bivouacked near the bridge for the night.

December 28, (Sunday), remained on the same ground during the day.

December 29, we moved with the Nineteenth Brigade to the Murfrees-

