
borough and Nashville turnpike, joined our division, and encamped for the night on the right of the turnpike, about 3 miles from Murfreesborough.

December 30, heavy cannonading and brisk skirmishing during the day, but we, being held in reserve, did not take any part.

December 31, we were ordered forward with the Nineteenth Brigade early in the morning to take a position near a burnt brick house on the right of the turnpike, but before we gained the position designated we discovered the right wing giving way so rapidly before the enemy that it was deemed imprudent to advance farther. We received orders from Colonel Hazen to fall back. We then took up position between the railroad and turnpike. The enemy opened a destructive fire of shot and shell from two batteries before we got into position. Captain Cockerill, deeming it prudent, ordered the caissons,to the rear under cover, but the drivers, misunderstanding the order, did not go where ordered, excepting one. Five of them got entirely separated from the battery and could not be found until 12 m. We opened upon the enemy and maintained our position, with the support of the gallant Nineteenth Brigade, which suffered terribly from an enfilading fire of the enemy's artillery. until our ammunition was exhausted .

In the mean time we had 1 man killed and 6 wounded; we had 16 horses killed and disabled Captain Cockerill having a horse shot under him. One limber was blown up by a shell from the enemy's artillery, killing and disabling the team, so as to render it impossible for us to bring the piece off the field, but was saved from falling into the enemy's hands by the unflinching courage of our supporting infantry. Two of our other pieces, upon examination, were found to be unfit for service, the axles being badly shivered.

After finding our caissons, replenishing our limbers and repairing one of the disabled pieces, we discovered the enemy's cavalry attacking our train on the opposite side of the river, and we brought our guns to bear upon them, fired a few rounds, when a field officer ordered us to cease firing; that we were firing upon our own men; but we afterward found that he was mistaken. We were then ordered by Captain Mendenhall to take position in a corn-field to the left of the railroad, supported by the Nineteenth Brigade on our left, and the Tenth Brigade, Colonel Grose commanding, on our right.

No sooner had we taken our position than the enemy opened upon us with two batteries, one in front, the other on our left. Our fire for a short time was directed at the enemy's advancing columns of infantry with marked effect, but our attention was soon drawn to the enemy's artillery, which was doing much damage. Our fire was now directed at their batteries. We son succeeded in silencing the battery on our left, but the one in our front kept up a destructive fire.

Our ammunition again becoming exhausted, we drew off the field, with the loss of 1 man killed. Our gallant and much esteemed captain was severely wounded in the foot by a 12-pounder solid shot, and had to be borne from the field, to the great mortification of his whole command. Eight enlisted men wounded, also 8 horses killed and disabled. We retired to the rear to replenished our ammunition chests and prepare some refreshments, also to seek some rest, which was so much needed. The command of the battery now devolved upon me.

January 1, we were held in reserve with the Nineteenth Brigade.

January 2, we took position early in the morning to the left of the railroad, by order of Captain Mendenhall, supported by the Twenty-first Brigade, Colonel Wagner commanding, the Seventh Indiana Bat-

