
tery on our right. Our skirmishers advanced across the field in our front, when, nearing the wood on the opposite side of the field, about 1,000 yards distant, the enemy opened upon them with artillery, to which we promptly replied, silencing the enemy's guns in a very few moments. We remained silent until 3 p.m. when the enemy made an advance on our left on the opposite side of the river. We opened fire on a battery in our immediate front, which was operating against our infantry, which was on the opposite side of the stream. We then received orders from Captain Mendenhall to change front, to fire to the left on the advancing columns of infantry which were pressing our left wing back. We here fired several shots, when we received orders from one of General Rosecrans' aides to take position in an open field to our left, on the right of the Chicago battery. We here kept up a continuous fire until ordered to cease. We then bivouacked for the night upon the field.

January 3, we were ordered to take the same position that we occupied the morning of the 2nd instant. We were ordered inside the fortifications in the evening, where we remained during the night.

Not expecting to be called upon at the beginning of the recent engagements to make a report of the part taken by us, I am not prepared to give it as minutely as I desire, but I sum up our casualties as follows: Two enlisted men killed, 1 commissioned officer and 13 enlisted men wounded, 2 enlisted men missing,24 horses killed and disabled; lost 2 sets wheel harness, 6 sets lead harness, 6 Sergeant's saddles and bridles, 7 navy revolvers, and 12 paulins; 2 gun-carriages disabled and 1 limber blown up.

I cannot speak too highly of the non-commissioned officers and men of the battery, who, with a very few exceptions, displayed great coolness throughout the entire contest, being the first time they were ever under fire of any consequence.

N. OSBURN,

Lieutenant, Comdg. Battery F, First Ohio Vol. Artillery.

Captain W. E. STANDART,

Chief of Artillery, Fourth Div., Army of the Cumberland.

Numbers 122. Report of Lieutenant Charles C. Parsons, Fourth U. S. Artillery, commanding Batteries H and M.

CAMP NEAR STONE'S RIVER, TENN.,

January 5, 1863

CAPTAIN: Agreeably to instructions of yesterday, I have the honor to report the part taken by Batteries H and M, Fourth U. S. Artillery under my command, in the recent operations against the enemy at this point.

These batteries opened fire for the first time on the morning of December 29, from their position commanding Stewart's Creek. After a few rounds of shell, the enemy's pickets were dislodged from their shelter, in the opposite heights, when, upon receiving information from General Palmer that our own infantry had forded the creek, I returned to the pike, crossed the bridge and moved forward with our first line of reserves. About 1 mile from the creek I observed indications that the enemy had taken position with his artillery, awaiting our approach. With General Palmer's permission, we opened fire with our rifles, and

