
again dislodged him, after which the advance was continued. We fired no more during the day, and at night moved into park, in rear of the line of battle, 3 miles from Murfreesborough.

On the morning of the 30th the enemy's artillery opened upon Cox's battery, to our left and front. During a spirited cannonading one of his shells struck in Battery H, killing 1 private 1 horse, and wounding 1 sergeant. We moved at once into the position assigned us by General Palmer, and formed the batteries en echelonn, supported on the left by the Tenth, and on the right by the Twenty-second Brigade. I found no occassion, however, to open fire until about 4 p.m., when upon receiving information that an artillery demonstration from the left wing to support our right, then hotly pressed, was necessary, we commenced shelling the enemy's rifle-pits beyond the brick house;at the same time elevating the range of the rifled pieces, in order, if possible, to awaken the enemy's batteries . The latter effort was successful; but after exchanging a few shots, during which but 1 of my men was wounded, the enemy's fire was silenced. Satisfied that my position was an unfit one for artillery at night, I retired from the cedars after dark and went into park in the open field behind them.

On the morning of the 31st I thought it most in accordance with my instructions from General Palmer to remain in the position where I then was, in order to check the advance of the enemy, should he turn our right. At about 8 a.m. our infantry came falling back from the pine wood in this direction, when our batteries were swung around and brought at once into action. The approach of the enemy was parallel, instead of perpendicular, to our front, and when he had arrived within about 300 yards we opened upon his first line and column of reserves an enfilade fire of canister. The attempt to advance was continued for a few moments; then an effort to change front was followed by a feeble charge upon the batteries, when, upon being repulsed, the enemy fell back beyond our view. He reappeared shortly afterward to our left; but again, upon receiving our fire, fell back, and a portion of our infantry. I then took position upon the slight elevation, nearer the pike, in season to assist in checking the enemy's advance upon General Rouseau's position; after which both batteries changed front and opened fire, by order of General Palmer, upon the brick house, to co-operate with Colonel Hazen's brigade. So soon as I believed the enemy dislodged from this position, our pieces were moved to the front and directed upon his infantry, advancing in to the cedar wood formed formerly held by the Twenty-second Brigade. The enemy, meanwhile, directed one of his batteries upon us, but I did not think it proper to reply, so long as our ammunition could be used with better effect upon his infantry. At about 12 m. just as I had nearly given out of ammunition, I received orders from Captain Mendenhall to retire.

At about 4 o'clock I moved to the front, by order of General Palmer, and from the elevation on either side of the railroad opened upon the enemy's infantry. His advance was effectually checked, and at sunset I was ordered to retire and refit.

At daylight, January 1, we moved to a position on General Rouseau's front, where I was ordered by General Rosecrans. Except for the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters, whom we dispersed at intervals by firing spherical case, we were not actively engaged during the day, and at night retired to a position near the pike, where our horses were fed and watered.

During the night and on the next morning I was ordered by different officers to resume my previous position. I was obliged to decline

