
ultimo. The effective infantry strength of the command on leaving camp was 1,207. It consisted of the First Kentucty Volunteers, Colonel D. A. Enyart; Second Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel T. D. Sedgewick; Thirty-first Indiana Volunteers, Colonel John Osborn, and Ninetieth Ohio Volunteers, Colonel I. N. Ross. Captain Standart's Ohio battery, Company B, First Regiment, was attached to the command for temporary service.

After passing the picket lines near Nashville, this brigade had the advance, preceded by a portion of Colonel Kennett's cavalry command. After various trifling skirmishers and some artillery firing, the enemy's skirmishers were forced into the village of La Vergne. Here quite a force of cavalry, artillery, and infantry (or dismounted cavalry) of the enemy disputed the occcupancy of the place. General Palmer ordered me to drive the enemy from the woods on the left and take possession of the village from that quarter if daylight would permit. The Thirty-first Indiana and First Kentucky Volunteers were placed under command of Colonel Enyart and sent by me to accomplish this. Colonel Murray, of the Third Kentucky Cavalry, having been ordered to report to me for temporary duty, was placed upon the left flank of these regiments, and with his command acted very handsomely in protecting it and scouring the woods beyond.

The regiments above named advanced, toward nightfall, under cover of the cedars on the left, and finding the enemy in force near the frame church on the west of Stone Creek, attacked him, and, after a sharp discharge of musketry, ran in on a bayonet charge and routed him, forcing him across the creek and occupying the west bank. Our line of skirmishers was then placed in the field beyond the creek and along the outskirts of the village. The conduct of both regiments and all their officers in this skirmish was excellent.

The casualties in my command were 8 wounded.

The Thirty-first Indiana was withdrawn to the rear to encamp, and Colonel Enyart, with his regiment (First Kentucky) and a section of artillery, under Lieutenant Newell, was left to occupy the position until morning.

On the 27th ultimo the brigade reached Stewart's Creek, and went into camp at night.

On the 28th (Sunday), the command lay at Stewart's Creek, one-half of the brigade on picket duty.

On the 29th, the brigade advanced from Stewart's Creek in line of battle across the field, and at night took position in the front, on the right of the Nashville turnpike, in the cedars, near Cowan's burnt house, about 3 1/2 miles west from Murfreesborough. An effective line of of skirmishers was thrown forward and the open ground to our front firmly held.

On the 30th, the brigade rested in position, holding the point of woods where it was bivouacked, and the line of pickets to the front during the fierce engagement which occurred on the right of our line. During the night the Second Kentucky Volunteers (Colonel Sedgewick) was on picket duty.

This regiment succeeded in driving the enemy's picket from the crest in the field near the burnt house. His temporary shelters along the row of peach trees on the lane, some 60 yards east of the burnt house, were occupied by my troops after a sharp night skirmish,and held by them against two charges of cavalry until daylight the following morning. No pains were spared to explain my position during the night. Support was promised on my left, but did not come. If re-enforced on the flank, this position could probably have been held. One-half the effective

