
and the report of Surg. J. B. Armstrong, medical officer of my staff. These reports will convey to the general commanding the division a better knowledge of many of the details of the recent actions than can be embraced in this general statement. They make honorable mention of many line and subaltern officers, which is deserving, and to which I crave special attention.

Before concluding, I beg to say to the general commanding the division that the officers and men of all the regiments under my command behaved uniformly well. Three of the regiments are veterans, and have left their impress upon former battle-fields. The Ninetieth Ohio, though for the first time thrown into a severe engagement, behaved admirably, and achieved for itself a right to rank with its associates in the old Twenty-second, or any brigade where high-toned valor is displayed.

Colonels Sedgewick, Enyart, Ross, and Osborn displayed marked gallantry on the field during the engagement, and handled their commands with courage, skill, and prudence. Their associates, field and staff officers, nobly seconded them. It is not in my power to make distinctions among these, where all performed their duty so bravely and cheerfully.

To Captain Standart and his gallant battery I am under peculiar obligations. This brave officer and his command have long been associated with this brigade. Although chief of artillery to the division, he preferred to fight his own battery, and was with it constantly. It rendered effective service whenever put in action. His associate officers, Lieutenants N. A. Baldwin and E. P. Sturges, acted nobly throughout, and, with the gunners, drivers, and artillerymen of all grades, stood bravely to their work in the

fight on the 31st ultimo, almost against hope, and safely brought away their battery. The battery was chiefly instrumental in saving the brigade in this position.

Of my personal staff, it affords me pleasure to say that Captain W. H. Fairbanks, of the Thirty-first Indiana Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general, was at his post constantly, and, as on former occasions behaved gallantly. Lieutenant John. Wright, of the Firs Kentucky, acting aide-de-camp, displayed high courage on the field and most soldierly bearing throughout. I recommend his promotion for gallantry in the action of the 31st ultimo. Lieutenant J. C. Beeler, of the Thirty-first Indiana Volunteers,acting quartermaster to the brigade, discharged his duties properly and fearlessly; staid with his transportation while under fire, took care of it, and lost no Government property.

Surg. J. B. Armstrong made very ample and efficient arrangements for the wounded of the brigade, and, by his care and attention, in conjuction with the regimental surgeons, got them speedily from the field, and had them as well cared for as those of any other command. He reports to me good conduct on the part of all regimental surgeons.

The department of Captain Robinson, commissary of subsistence, was well managed. Though absent himself,it was left in good hands, and my troops were at all times during the days of the battle furnished with proper rations, regardless of the danger of conveying them.

Two orderlies from my escort (Corpl. James T. Slater and Private William Hayman, both of the Second Indiana Cavalry) deserve notice for their good conduct on the field, and are worthy of promotion.

With assurances of esteem to the brigadier-general commanding the division, I am, captain, very truly, yours, &amp;c.,

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Brigade.

Captain NORTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen., Second Div., Left Wing. Fourteenth A. C.

