
I cannot close this report without mentioning the names of Surg. R. H. Tipton, of the Ninetieth Ohio, Asst. Surgs, James E. Cox, of the Second Kentucky, and John Dickson, of the First Kentucky, who were regularly detailed as assistant operative surgeons in the hospital of the Second Division, and who most cheerfully performed their entire duty, aiding and assisting the wounded in all cases of emergency, and assisting in all the gave operations necessary to the relief of the wounded. Their untiring exertion, as well as great care and judgment in their duty, require an honorable mention to be made of them.

Perhaps it is inappropriate, yet I do not feel willing to close this brief report without mentioning the name of our superior surgeon in charge of this hospital-Surg. M. G. Sherman, acting medical director Second Division-whom I cannot make too high mention of for his high medical knowledge as a skillful surgeon and careful operator, ever ready and willing at all times, day and night, to render any service in his power to aid and comfort the wounded and dying. Indeed,it is not saying too much when I say, never have I seen a physician and surgeon more attentive to his duty, and without exception, he has rendered entire satisfaction to all. He has endeared himself by the most tender ties to both patients and surgeons, and we shall ever feel grateful that he was in charge of this hospital during this most trying time.

Excuse the great brevity of this report, as time is precious, and we are yet, very, very busy in the performance of our many duties to the afflicted.

With the most profound respect, I am, respectfully, your obedient servant, &amp;c.

J. B. ARMSTRONG,

Actg. Brigade Surg. 1st Brig., 2nd Div., Army of the Cumberland

Brigadier General CHARLES CRUFT,

First Brigade.

Numbers 125. Report of Colonel John Osborn, Thirty-first Indiana Infantry,

including skirmish at La Vergne, December 26.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIRST REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 7, 1863

CAPTAIN: I have the honor of submitting to you the following report of the part this regiment participated in in the late action with the rebel army before Murfreesborough, commencing December 26, 1862, at the town of La Vergne, and ending before Murfreesborough January 3, 1863:

On the morning of December 26, when the United States forces were put in motion, our regiment was on picket duty some 6 miles southeast of Nashville. Before the pickets could be called in, and the regiment in line of march,the brigade to which they belonged was some 4 miles in advance. The regiment had a very fatiguing march through mud and rain. In passing the forces we had to take the fields: that made the march more arduous.

At 3 p.m. we joined the brigade, 1 mile west of La Vergne. We were ordered to the advance, the First Kentucky Regiment on the right and our regiment on the left, the Second Kentucky Regiment and the

