
Ninetieth Ohio Regiment our support. We were ordered across a field to a woods to the left of the Murfreesborough road. Shortly after we had taken our position, the enemy commenced throwing shell into the woods. We immediately sent out two companies (E and K), and deployed them as skirmishers in advance of our line, and moved on the enemy in line. After advancing about 1 mile, we came in reach of the enemy's rifles. They opened a heavy fire from their rifles and two pieces of artillery, which overreached our line. Our men rushed forward with a shout, which caused the enemy to leave in great confusion.

We remained in this position until dark. We then moved a short distance to the right and bivouacked for the night.

Both officers and men conducted themselves with coolness and bravery, without receiving any injury whatever.

The next day we moved forward in line of battle, which was continued from day until the evening of December 29. We arrived at nightfall within a few miles of Murfreesborough, our brigade filing to the right of Murfreesborough pike about one quarter of a mile, when we bivouacked for the night. Nothing occurred during the night, except heavy skirmishing in our front.

Early on the morning of December 30, 1862, we were ordered forward to the front of the grove in which we were bivouacked, which order was promptly executed, our regiment on the right and the Second Kentucky on our left, the Ninetieth Ohio supporting the Second Kentucky and the First Kentucky supporting our regiment. Upon arriving at this position, I was ordered by you to report to Colonel Sedgewick, of the Second Kentucky, whom you informed me would command the front line. I was ordered to deployed two companies in front of our line as skirmishers, connecting with a like corps from General Negley's division on the right, and the Second Kentucky on the left, which was immediately done by sending out Companies C and E. Before our lines were established the enemy opened on us a brisk fire of shell and ball, which continued all day, the balls of the enemy's sharpshooters reaching our lines.

About 4 o'clock in the evening we were ordered to advance our line to support a battery which was done, and we remained in that position during the night, Companies A, B, I, D and H relieving alternately C and E as skirmishers.

Early on the morning of the 31st we were again ordered to move our lines forward, which was done. Shortly after, our skirmishers were driven in by the enemy, our men reserving their fire until all their comrades had joined the line.

At this time a heavy force of the enemy appeared in our front, in an open field on a piece of rising ground, when they opened a severe fire upon our line, which was returned with a steady nerve by our men, which soon made them fall back. In a few moments they again returned to the crest of the field and attempted to charge our line, but the steady nerve of our boys and their deadly aim caused them again to retire. Our men getting short of ammunition, the First Kentucky Regiment came to our aid, and passing our line, followed the enemy up into the field; but the heavy force of the enemy in front, and the regiment being exposed to a cross-fire from the enemy's battery, they were compelled to fall back with considerable loss. Our regiment remained in its former position, and held their fire until their Kentucky friends had passed to the rear. They again, with the coolness of veterans, poured another volley into the lines of the enemy, thinning their ranks, and making them the third time fall back to their former hiding place.

