
I cannot speak in too high terms of the conduct of Sergeant-Major Noble, who gallantly buckled on the cartridge-box and took a rifle, and was in the front rank of the line dealing out lead pills for the secesh. Sergeant Douglass, of Company K, who was discharging the duties of a lieutenant, was active in leading his brave men to the post of honor. And, indeed, it is not necessary for me to speak of individuals; every commissioned officer and non-commissioned officer and private of my command did his whole duty, without an exception, as did all the officers and men that came under my notice of the entire brigade.

Brigadier-General Cruft was at his post, ever watchful of his command fearing no danger where duty called him; frequently riding along the line, waving his hat and cheering his command in the hottest of the contest.

Of the few killed on the field, three were of the color-guard.

JOHN OSBORN,

Colonel, Comdg. Thirty-first Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Captain W. H. FAIRBANKS

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 126. Report of Colonel David A. Enyart, First Kentucky Infantry,

including skirmish at La Vergne, December 26.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 8, 1863

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the First Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry during the late engagement:

Pursuant to orders we left our camp, near Nashville, on the morning of the 26th ultimo, and proceeded toward Murfreesborough on the direct road. Arriving within 1 mile of La Vergne about 4 o'clock that evening, a considerable force of the enemy were discovered on the left of the road, and the First Brigade, Second Division, left wing, was ordered to operate against them. General Cruft ordered the First Kentucky to the front, and after considerable skirmishing with the enemy we charged and drove him across the creek into the woods near the town, with a loss of 2 men wounded.

The position thus gained was picketed and held during the night by the First Kentucky Regiment. Soon after dark a force of the enemy's cavalry attacked the left of our picket line, but were repulsed by Companies I and C., losing 1 man wounded.

On the 27th ultimo the regiment marched with the division as far as Stewart's Creek, where we bivouacked until the morning of the 29th; we then moved forward slowly and bivouacked about 2 1/2 miles from Murfreesborough.

On the 30th, the regiment was assigned its position in line of battle, being on the right of the second line of the brigade, the brigade (General Cruft's) being on the right of the division (General Palmer's),and of General Crittenden's command. The Ninetieth Ohio was on our left, and the Thirty-first Indiana on our front in the first line. We lay on our arms during the day.

On the morning of the 31st ultimo, about 8 o'clock, General Negley's

