
division took position on our right, and soon after the engagement commenced on our right wing. About 9 o'clock our front was hard pressed,and the brigade moved forward, the first line to the edge of the woods and the First Kentucky to support Standart's battery. The right of our army was being driven back, and the engagement was getting warm in our front, when General Cruft ordered the First Kentucky to move forward, and march over the Thirty-first Indiana into the corn-field, 300 yards in front of them, where we were exposed to the fire of two pieces of artillery, supported by a regiment of infantry, about 100 yards distant, and directly on our left flank.

Our position here was in advance of that held by any other regiment in the army. Being in danger of being cut off by a heavy column of the enemy advancing on our right, we retired in good order to the woods, where we took a new position behind a fence. We remained here but a short time, when the brigade fell back through the woods slowly and reformed on the road.

About 12 o'clock we were ordered forward to the support of a battery; remaining there but half an hour, the brigade was moved to the railroad, and in the evening formed a new line in rear of the division, where we lay during the night.

On the morning of the 1st instant we were again moved to the left to a new position, our left resting on the bank of Stone's River. About noon we were ordered farther to the left, to support Captain Swallow's battery, which was posted on an eminence. Here the regiment remained during the night.

On the 2nd we threw up a breastwork of rails and stones, behind which we remained during the attempt of the enemy to turn the left of our line. After the signal defeat of the enemy at this point, we were ordered forward by General Cruft, until, coming in range of a battery of the enemy, we lay down until the fire had ceased. It being dark and nothing further to do, we retired to our former position, where we remained until the 4th instant.

A fuller and more definite report of the operations of the regiment will be made hereafter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. A. ENYART,

Colonel, Commanding First Kentucky Volunteer Infantry.

Numbers 127 Report of Colonel Thomas D. Sedgewick, Second Kentucky Infantry,

including skirmish at La Vergne, December 26.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS,

Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 18, 1863

DEAR SIR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor herewith to submit a report of the part taken by the Second Kentucky Regiment

in the operations before Murfreesborough, from December 26, 1862, to January 4, 1863 and also my report as commander of the front line of the First Brigade, composed of the Second Kentucky Regiment and Thirty-first Indiana, forming the extreme advance of the Second Division in the action of December 31, 1862

Leaving our camps beyond Nashville on the morning of December 26, 1862, the brigade being the advance of the division, the division

