
Thursday morning it moved to the left of the railroad and lay in line of battle all day, during which time it was exposed to the enemy's artillery, which frequently sent shell and shot into our ranks. The same day the brigade was moved forward to a small eminence, where it formed the advance line of battle, and supported the batteries which had taken position here. The regiment was on the right of the brigade. About 9 o'clock that evening it was moved back into a skirt of woods, where it bivouacked for the night.

Friday morning, at 7 o'clock, we moved to the same position, and in the same order of the day previous. Here we threw up a hasty breastwork, the enemy firing a scattering shell into our ranks until about 11 a.m,. when he opened a fierce cannonade, which lasted about an hour.

About 4 o'clock that evening the enemy attacked our position in great fury, with both musketry and artillery, manifestly endeavoring to turn our left. The regiment held its position on the right of the brigade, behind the breastworks, which formed a protection from the enemy's shot and shell, which fell now in abundance all around us and once drove our artillery to the rear. Many of the shells struck our works, but none of the regiment were wounded.

Just before dark the brigade was ordered to fix bayonets and charge across the plain and clear a wood in our front of the enemy. This charge was made in gallant style, and for its behavior during this movement the Ninetieth received the thanks of the division commander. After dark the regiment returned to the position it had occupied during the day, and there remained all night. The charge just mentioned was the closing operation of the day's work.

All day Saturday the regiment was held in the same position until late at night, when it moved into a skirt of woods just in the rear of its former position.

It was not again brought into action, but held the position in the wood all day Sunday, when the information came that the enemy had evacuated Murfreesborough.

Where there was a general effort to perform their duty, it would be difficult to designate individual acts of bravery; yet I would say of the field officers that Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Rippey was at his post during the series of engagements, doing his whole duty,and doing it well. Major S. N. Yeoman was also at his post, cheering on the men and discharging his duty fully.

With one or two exceptions, the line officers performed their duty in a praiseworthy manner. Some of them exposed themselves to great danger in their efforts to save our artillery. Under the direction of Lieutenants Rains and Crow, a piece of artillery that had been abandoned was brought off the field in the very face of the enemy, and delivered to Captain Standart. Lieutenant Welch was wounded early in the engagement of Wednesday; Lieutenant Rains was injured by the concussion of a ball, but kept the field during that day; Captain Rowe and Lieutenants Baker and Selby were also wounded in the same action, while Captain Perry and Lieutenant Cook were taken prisoners.

In all the movements of the regiment the general commanding the brigade was present on the field, and, better than myself, can judge of its efficiency and the manner of its behavior during the entire series of engagements.

The following is a list of the killed and wounded in the Ninetieth

