
Regiment in the recent battles of December 31, 1862, and January 2, 1863.* The regiment went into this engagement with about 300 men, and came out with 176.

The foregoing report is respectfully submitted.

I. N.. ROSS,

Colonel, Commanding Ninetieth Regiment Ohio Volunteers,

Captain W. H. FAIRBANKS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 129. Reports of Colonel William B. Hazen, Forty-first Ohio Infantry,

commanding Second Brigade, including skirmishes on the Jefferson pike, near Stewart's Creek Bridge, December 27.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH BRIGADE,Stewart's Creek, December 28, 1862

MY DEAR GENERAL: We found the enemy, about 300 strong, after leaving the main pike, about 1 mile. After getting them fairly started, my cavalry (90 strong) were directed to pursue at full speed, not giving them time to form. This was done, and a general stampeded effected of all across the creek. They, by that time, had five times my cavalry force. As soon as my artillery arrived, they shelled them vigorously, driving them far beyond range. We made several prisoners, killed an officer, and lost 3 prisoners. Had I had a regiment of cavalry, I would have captured full 100. I have out now patrols in all directions, but nothing has been reported to me.

From various remarks and inquiries, made by the people here, I am of the opinion that Hardee is somewhere on our flank, and had we any sufficient knowledge, advantage could be taken of it. I can, however, learn nothing with any degree of certainty.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Colonel, Commanding at Stewart's Creek.

General PALMER,

Commanding Second Division, Left Wing.
HDQRS. 19TH BRIGADE, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, LEFT WING,

Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of troops under my command since leaving Nashville, December 26, 1862:

The Nineteenth Brigade, which I have commanded since its organization in January, 1862, is now composed as follows: The Sixth Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel Walter C. Whitaker; the Ninth Indiana Volunteers, Colonel William H. Blake; the One hundred and Tenth Illinois Volunteers, Colonel Thomas S. Casey, and the Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel.

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows 17 killed, 70 wounded, and 37 missing. But see revised statement, p. 212.

---------------

