
troops occupying these woods now fell back, exposing my right flank, and threatening an assault from this point that would sweep away our entire left. General Palmer seeing this danger, and knowing the importance of this position, sent the Twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Jones, and a fragment of the Thirty-sixth Indiana, under Captain Woodward, to my support. I posted these with the Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, with the left of the line resting upon the Ninth Indiana, and extending to the right and rear, so as to face the advancing column. It was a place of great danger, and our losses were here heavy, including the gallant Colonel Jones, of the Twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteers; but with the timely assistance of Parson's battery the enemy was checked, and the left again preserved from what appeared certain annihilation.

The enemy now took cover in the wood, keeping up so destructive a fire as to make it necessary to retire behind the embankment of the railroad, which only necessitated the swinging to rear of my right, the left having been posted on it when the action commenced in the morning. A sharp fight was kept up from this position till about 2 p.m., when another assault in regular lines, supported by artillery, was made upon this position in force. This assault was resisted much more easily than the previous ones, there being now a large force of our artillery bearing upon this point. The enemy also extended his lines much farther to the left, causing something of a diversion of our troops in that direction. The one hundredth Illinois, Colonel Bartleson, was sent to me by the general commanding the army, which was posted with the One hundred and tenth Illinois and Ninth Indiana, in line to the front, with the right resting on the railroad. Here, with a German regiment (I think the Second Missouri), these regiments fought the remainder of the day, the troops previously occupying this position retiring on the last approach of the enemy.

A period of about one hour now ensued with but little infantry firing, but a murderous shower of shot and shell was rained from several directions upon this position, which was covered by a thick growth of timber. A portion of Wood's division, now commanded by General Hascall, was also posted in these woods, in rear of my troops.

At about 4 p.m. the enemy again advanced upon my front in two lines. The battle had hushed, and the dreadful splendor of this advance can only be conceived,as all description must fall vastly short. His right was even with my left, and his left was lost in the distance. He advanced steadily, and, as it seemed, certainly to victory. I sent back all my remaining staff successively to ask for support, and braced up my own lines as perfectly as possible. The Sixth Kentucky had joined me from the other side some time previously, and was posted just over the embankment of the railroad. They were strengthened by such fragments of troops as I could pick up until a good line was formed along the track. A portion of Sheridan's division was also but a few hundred yards in rear, replenishing their boxes. A portion of General Hascall's troops was also on the right of the railroad.

The fire of the troops was held until the enemy's right flank came in close range, when a single fire from my men was sufficient to disperse this portion of his line, his left passing far around t our right. This virtually ended the fight of the day.

My brigade rested in the morning, till withdrawn at dawn next day.

The Sixth Kentucky was not under my immediate observation from

35 R R-VOL XX, PT I

