
the first assault till late in the day, but the portion of time it was with me (and I have reason to believe at all other times) it fought unflinchingly,and is deserving of all praise. It repelled three assaults of a rebel brigade from the burnt house, endeavoring to reach the wood, and only retired when its ammunition was exhausted. Among its killed are Lieutenant-Colonel Cotton and Captain Todd, men possessing in the highest degree the esteem and confidence of their brothers in arms, and who will be deeply lamented by a large circle of friends.

The One hundred and tenth Illinois, a new regiment never before under fire, displayed that fearless courage one admires in veterans. Its losses from artillery were heavy. The Ninth Indiana and Forty-first Ohio maintained fully their well-known reputation of perfect discipline, dauntless courage, and general fighting qualities. Their steadiness under fire was incredible. The latter regiment was taken by its commander while resting, without orders, to repel an assault of the enemy's cavalry upon our train, which object it effected and returned to its position.

The casualties of this day were as follows:

Killed	 Wounded

Command	 Office	 Men.	 Office	 Men.	 Missin	 Total

 rs	 	 rs	 	 g

41st Ohio	 1	 12 	 4	 98	 17	 132

110th	 1	 6	 3	 43	 12	 65

Illinois

9th Indiana	 1	 9	 5	 89	 13	 117

6th Kentucky	 2	 11	 5	 85	 10	 113

Total	 5	 38	 17	 315	 52	 427

A large list also 	occurred among the other troops under immediate control on the field, but they will be reported by their proper brigade commanders. I am under many obligations to the commanders of these troops (many of their names I do not know) for their implicit obedience to my orders, but particularly to Colonel Bartleson, of the One hundredth Illinois, for valuable services.

To the officers commanding regiments of this brigade too much consideration cannot be given, both by their commanding generals and their country. Besides the actual service rendered their country this day, such heroic and daring valor justly entitles these men to the profound respect of the people of the country. To them the commander of the brigade feels that he owes everything this day, as there were times when faltering upon their part would have been destruction to the left of the army. He owes the success of this day not only to proper conduct on the field, but more to strict obedience to orders, and a manly co-operation in bringing this brigade to its present high state of efficiency and discipline, through constant care, labor, and study, for a period of over twelve months. This alone has insured this proud result. To Lieutenant-Colonel Suman also, of the Ninth Indiana, twice wounded, great credit is due for gallantry.

Captain Cockerill, Battery F, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, showed, as he always has, great proficiency as an artillery officer. He was also severely wounded. Lieutenant Osburn, of the same battery, being at the rear to fill his caissons when the train was menaced, turned his pieces upon the enemy, and greatly assisted in dispersing them.

