
checked by Colonel Grose and a portion of Negley's division, and the several batteries from the point occupied by General Cruft's brigade. It was difficult to say which was running away the more rapidly, the division of Van Cleve to the rear, or the enemy in the opposite direction. I found myself in command of all the troops on that side of the river.

Leaving three of my regiments in position as a reserve, I pushed forward with the portion of Colonel Grose's brigade already moving, and the Forty-first Ohio Volunteers pursuing the enemy beyond all the ground occupied by our forces before the fight. I here formed the best line circumstances would admit of, the Forty-first Ohio Volunteers being the only regiment wholly in hand. The others were badly broken; the only idea of their officers seeming to be to push on pell-mell, which, if carried beyond the point occupied, might have resulted disastrously. I succeeded in checking the straggling to the front, with the aid of Colonel Grider, of the Ninth Kentucky, who came forward and performed this valuable service after his regiment had gone to the rear.

I was relieved by the fresh division of General Jefferson C. Davis, who arrived just at dark. When far advanced in the pursuit, a portion of General Negley's batteries, far in the rear, were firing on my line, and continued to (without damage) till an aide-de-camp was sent to ask that it be discontinued.

After forming my advance line, a battery of the enemy, about 400 yards in front, continued to fire upon us with great rapidity. I ordered the Forty-first Ohio Volunteers to fire one volley upon it. No more firing took place on either side, and the weakness of my line prevented my going farther.

The next day three caissons and several dead men and horses were found at this point. It was in this fight that the famous rebel General Roger W. Hanson was killed and General Adams was wounded, whether in their advance or retreat I never knew.

First Lieutenant F. D. Cobb, Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp, comported himself with great gallantry on the field. Seizing the colors of the Thirty-sixth Indiana, that had been shot down, he galloped forward, rallying many stragglers, who, though going in the right direction, were doing so inefficiently and on their own account.

My casualties in this action were slight, and, in all, since leaving Nashville, are:

 Killed	 Wounded	 Total

Commissioned	 5	 17	 22

officers

Enlisted men	 41	 318	 359

Total missing

-----

-----

52

Aggregate	 46	 335	 433

I would respectfully call the attention of the general commanding the division to accompanying reports of regimental commanders, and of Lieutenant Chilton, in charge of train: also to explanatory sketch.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Colonel, Comdg. 19th Brigadier Second Brig., Second Div., Left Wing.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

Fourth Div., Army of the Cumberland, Second Div., Left Wing.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

