
Numbers 130 Report of Surg. Mason G. Sherman, Ninth Indiana Infantry, Acting Brigade Surgeon.

HOSPITAL OF SECOND DIVISION.

Left Wing, near Murfreesborough.

SIR: As brigade surgeon of your brigade, I have the honor to submit the following report of the casualties in the brigade during the several days' fight before Murfreesborough:

One hundred and tenth Illinois: Killed, 7; wounded, 28; total, 35.

Ninth Indiana Volunteers: Killed, 14; wounded, 93; total, 107. Sixth Kentucky; Killed, 12; wounded, 71; total, 83. Forty-first Ohio Volunteers: Killed, 17; wounded, 100; total, 117. The whole number killed in the brigade, 50; wounded, 292; total, 342.*

In consequence of our hospital being nearer the battle-field than any other during the time of the engagement, our hospital was necessarily crowded with hundreds of the wounded from other divisions, making our duties very responsible and laborious.

And I cannot in justice submit this report without making honorable mention of all the medical officers in your brigade. They have been untiring in their exertions, night and day, to relieve the suffering of all who came under their notice. After looking after the wounded in their respective regiments, they devoted their skill and attention cheerfully to others, relaxing no effort to make them comfortable. Their unwearied attention to duty during this engagement merits the esteem and confidence of all who know them.

Very respectfully.

M. G. SHERMAN,

Brigade Surgeon, Second Brigade, Second Division, Left Wing.

Colonel W. B. HAZEN.

Commanding Second Brigade, Left Wing.

Numbers 131. Report of Lieutenant John L. Chilton, Sixth Kentucky Infantry, Acting Brigade Quartermaster.

CAMP NEAR MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.

January 8, 1863

DEAR SIR: In compliance with an order from you of this morning, I herein submit to you a report of what transpired with the train of your brigade during the engagement near Murfreesborough, Tenn., on Wednesday, January 1.

Having arrived on the field Monday, December 30, 1862, at a late hour in the night, I parked the train near to, and on the left of, where the brigade was then lying.

On Tuesday, December 31, 1862, early in the morning, believing that the train was too near to what I supposed to be our line of battle, I moved the train to the left and rear of where the brigade had rested the night previous, a distance of about one-fourth of a mile, where it remained until the fight began on Wednesday, January 1. Soon after

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 212.

---------------

