
One hundred and sixth Ohio, was shot, and soon expired. He was a brave and noble young man. Lieutenant Jacob Dewald, my aide-de-camp, was very active in carrying my orders to all parts of the field. And, in conclusion of this part of my report, I will say I love every man that fought; I have every dog that ran. It was the first time that any of the infantry regiments engaged in the battle were under fire.

I respectfully request that, when the orders of the Second Indiana Cavalry are released as prisoners of war, and the lieutenant-colonel and major of the One hundred and fourth Illinois Infantry are also released, you will give me a court of inquiry in the matter; and if I have done anything wrong, or neglected any duty, I am willing to be censured, but I have a consciousness that I did my duty the best I could. I also wish to have the conduct of every officer who ran like a coward from the field fully inquired into. I took the command of the brigade on the 2nd of December, and on the morning of the 7th the fight occurred. I had never received any orders from any source to take command, nor instructions from any source whether I was to have command, or otherwise, except as the command was handed over to me by Colonel Scott.

I have the honor to submit this report direct to you, learning that General Dumont had resigned.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. B. MOORE,

Colonel 104th Illinois Infantry, and Comdg. 39th Brigade.

Major-General ROSECRANS.

No. 8. Report of Captain John Wadleigh, One hundred and fourth Illinois Infantry.

DECEMBER 7, 1862.

DEAR SIR: In absence of any field officer of the One hundred and fourth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, I have the honor to make the following report of the action, as seen by myself. I would refer to the accompanying reports, as handed in by the officers commanding companies, and designated A, B, C, &amp;c., according to the letters of said commands:

Early on the morning of December 7 our camp was alarmed by the report that the enemy were in sight, and approaching with the intention of attacking; soon after which the pickets were fired upon, and returned the fire smartly, contesting the ground until the cavalry and minute-men could be deployed as skirmishers.

Company A was doing provost duty in town, and Company H was thrown forward as skirmishers on the extreme right of the cavalry. I would refer to letters A and H for more full particulars of their actions. Companies B, C (D in part), E, F, G, and I were early on the ground, and in line on the Thirteenth Indiana. Company K was thrown forward as skirmishers, but soon returned into line. The One hundred and eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry was placed on the left, and to support the battery. The One hundred and sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry was ordered to the right. Thus formed, we awaited the approach of the enemy.

Soon the batteries of the enemy, which, until this time, had remained

