
the fight began I received an order from a lieutenant (whom I supposed to be an aide of General Rosecrans) to form the train into a hollow square. I had not more than completed the work before I received another order to move the train toward Stone's River, and to the rear of the left of our army; the several train of the army were ordered to the same place. Arriving at the crossing over the railroad at the same time, there seemed to be a disposition among the teamsters to crowd through and break the trains. I halted my train until others crossed. During this time of waiting I put several men, who seemed to have nothing to do, to work carrying rails to make another crossing, which by the time it was completed the way was clear. I moved my train over and near the river, and had it drawn up in park, when a shell from a gun of the rebels fell among the wagons, wounding a mule of the train-so much so that it had to be cut loose and left. Then I moved nearer to the river, when an order came for us to cross the river and to halt, which was not more than accomplished before an order came to recross the river, which was done. I recrossed, held the train in moving order, and in a few minutes a squad of rebel cavalry came in view, causing a panic among the teamsters and stragglers who had by this time gathered along the train. I cautioned the teamsters of my train to be composed, while I moved up and assisted in clearing the road, which was soon done. I then moved my train off in good order into the woods to the rear of the center of our army, where I held it until late in the evening, when I moved it to the side of the pike.

When night came on Lieutenant Blythe, quartermaster Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, and myself rode along to the right of our army to see if we could not pick upon some place to park the train that it might be safe during the next day, and thought best to move near the hospital of our division, which we did; but at 1 o'clock at night I received an order from General Palmer to issue all rations on hand and return to Nashville with the train, which was done, leaving the field at 8 a.m. January 2, arriving at Nashville at 5 p.m. of the same day without any loss or disturbance, save the threatening of an attack from rebel cavalry; the casualties in all amounting to the loss of one mule belonging to the One hundred and tenth Illinois Volunteers, and one single set lead harness belonging to same.

Yours, respectfully,

J. L. CHILTON,

First Lieutenant and Actg. Quartermaster Sixth Kentucky Vols.

Colonel W. B. HAZEN,

Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 132. Report of Colonel Thomas S. Casey, One hundred and tenth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. ONE HUNDRED AND TENTH ILLINOIS VOLS.

Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 8, 1863.

As commander of the One hundred and tenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, I have the honor to submit the following report of its operations and casualties in the recent engagements before Murfreesborough:

On the morning of December 31, the regiment, which was in double column in reserve, was advanced to take position in the second line of battle, its left resting on the right of and near the Murfreesborough and Nashville pike.

