
About 8 a.m. the regiment began its advance on Murfreesborough. Just then the firing, which had been heard at an early hour on our right, appeared to be rapidly nearing our right and rear, and the regiment had advanced scarce its front, when the right-about was ordered, and it was moved to its former position,faced to the front, and almost immediately after moved by the left flank to a slight elevation on the right o the railroad the highest point of which joins the railroad embankment, and there faced to the front, its left extending across the rail road, its entire right wing about 20 paces in rear of, and parallel to, the left wing of the Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, which was then engaged with the enemy, who had advanced upon the front of our brigade.

This position was maintained for a considerable time. I advanced the left wing of the regiment to the crest of the hill, where they bacame immediately engaged with the enemy, who had broken cover at the burnt brick house. Twice the enemy came forward as if intending to charge when Colonel Hazen directed me to have my command fix bayonets. I replied that we had no bayonets, and received the answer that we should club muskets if attacked; bu the enemy did not charge our position. The whole right of the army having apparently given way, I was ordered to cross the railroad. Having crossed the road, we took a position perpendicular to it, and in front, of the wood facing the enemy, the One hundredth Illinois Volunteers being on our right. This position had hardly been taken before the enemy appeared in force beyond the fence and across the cotton-field, directly in our front. The firing began at once. Here the fire of small-arms was incessant and terrific. My command suffered mostly from the rebel batteries to the left and rear of the burnt brick house. Here the enemy appeared twice on our front, in column, but failed to cross the fence.

Night ended the conflict. My command slept on the ground we fought on, in the extreme advance, until the early dawn of the 1st instant, when we, with the rest of the brigade, took a position on the bank of Stone's River. My command was not again engaged with the enemy.

On Friday, the 2nd instant, with the rest of the brigade, my command crossed the river to repel the attack of the enemy, but did not become engaged, the enemy having retired from before the assaults of the Third Brigade., commanded by Colonel Grose.

I subjoin the following list of casualties:* Killed, 7; wounded, 49; missing, 2. Total, 58.

Respectfully,, submitted.

THOS. S. CASEY,

Colonel One hundred and tenth Illinois Volunteers.

Major R. L. KIMBERLY, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 133. Report of Colonel William H. Blake, Ninth Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,In Camp, near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 6, 1863

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Ninth Indiana Infantry, in the battle of Stone's River, December 31, 1862:

Bivouacking in the dense cedars on the right of the Nashville pike

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

