
bayonets and hold the position until details could be sent to the rear for cartridges . My 60 rounds were almost entirely exhausted.

At this period of the engagement Lieutenant-Colonel Suman received a wound in the arm and side; Lieutenant Kessler was mortally wounded: Captain Pettit was severely wounded in the thigh, and borne from the field; Lieutenants Brinton and Criswell were both severely wounded; also Sergeant-Major Armstrong, severely wounded in the leg, and many enlisted men killed and wounded.

The One hundred and tenth Illinois Infantry, Colonel Casey, were in reserve directly in my rear, quietly awaiting an opportunity to render me support, which was not needed.

Captain Cockerill advanced one section of his battery to my support, and opened on the enemy with marked effect, and continued his fire until his ammunition was exhausted. He had his horse shot under him while direction the fire of his guns,and displayed the utmost coolness and courage.

At 11 a.m. our forces were being driven from the cedar grove on the right of the field. The enemy began to cross troops from the burnt house to the timber. Being well within range, I opened fire on them as they marched by the flank. The whole line was subjected to a severe fire as it passed successively the open space. At 11.30 a.m. the enemy's fire in my front had grown feeble; many had retired in disorder; many were killed and wounded, as the ground where they fought clearly attested at the close of the day. I picketed the ground near their line that night.

The enemy occupying the heavy timber on my right, and the whole line on my right having retired I received orders to withdraw my right and open fire on the forces in the timber, who were then opening fire on us. In performing this movement my brave color-bearer, Charles Zellers, was killed. My left and center still engaged the enemy in front. I was compelled again to withdraw my right form the severe flanking fire from the timber, which brought me to the railroad, where I received orders to cross and open fire upon the enemy moving upon my left and near me. Facing by the rear rank, I opened fire upon the enemy obliquely to my left, then my right, detaching at the same time Companies K, G and B, in charge of Major Lasselle, to occupy the elevation on the right of the railroad, that had just been held by me left.

At this time Lieutenant Braden fell, severely, if not mortally, wounded. He was an officer brave and without reproach. The One hundred and tenth Illinois Infantry were ordered up to my support and formed on my right.

At 1.30 p.m. General Rosecrans appeared in person on this part of the field, and ordered the Second Missouri and Seventy-third Illinois Infantry to assist in holding the position. The Second Missouri came into action gallantly, both forming on the railroad. The colonel of the Second Missouri was killed at this point.

At 2.30 p.m. these regiments were withdrawn, and the Sixth Kentucky Infantry forming on my right, I was ordered to open fire over the railroad track upon heavy bodies of the enemy then occupying the timber opposite, then directly in our front. Maintained this fire until the enemy (re-enforced) again appeared on my left and rear. I again faced by the rear rank and opened obliquely to my left.

During the time my regiment occupied the position on the left of the railroad we were subjected to a cross-fire from two of the enemy's batteries on their right and center; but, owing to the nature of the position,

