
did not suffer severely. At 4 p.m. the fire of the enemy's musketry ceased, while that of their batteries continued until the close of the day.

Before twilight I sent details to collect and bury my dead upon the ground where they fell. A mutual truce was granted, in which the soldiers of both sides, without arms, gathered their fallen comrades without interruption. The fierce acerbity of the deadly strife had given place to the mutual expression of kindness and regard. While thus engaged, one gun of Captain Cockerill's battery was abandoned well to the front by the explosion of a caisson, and I had it removed well to the rear. The movement drew a fire from one of the enemy's batteries, but without effect.

For the brave men who stood by their colors from 7 a.m. until 4 p.m.,. continually under fire, no word of mine could do justice to their unfaltering courage. The officers of the Ninth Indiana Infantry I regard as among the bravest of the brave. Many of the captains and commandants of companies exhibited the highest courage and capacity under a severe and long-continued fire; but where, perhaps,none failed in doing their duty, it would be an invidious distinction to name any one for marked honor. Lieutenant-Colonel Suman stood gallantly at the post of duty until wounded, and retired from the field. Major Lasselle exhibited great courage, coolness, and efficiency throughout the day; Adjutant Willard repeated his heroism of Shiloh; Sergeant-Major Armstrong was wounded severely while executing an order. A sergeant, 10 enlisted men, and 1 corporal deserted their colors during the action. I will take prompt measures to publish the infamy of their conduct and bring them to punishment.

I regret to say that when the action opened with such violence the arrangements made with the surgeons and musicians from carrying the wounded to the rear utterly failed. They were borne with the tide of terrified stragglers so far to the left that many of them were captured by the enemy's cavalry, who penetrated their hiding places. Dr. Gilmore assistant surgeon, with some hospital attendants and one ambulance, fell into the hands of the enemy. The surgeons were subsequently released, and I am told rendered efficient service in their attention to the wounded after the engagement. By reason of this most criminal neglect, many of my wounded had to crawl with shattered limbs to the rear, while others unable to be removed, lay under the enemy's fire.

I am glad to report two bright exceptions to the base conduct of the hospital corps. Mr. Hurlbut, from the beginning to the close of the action, continually entered our line of fire and bore back the wounded. He exhibited a heroism worthy of all praise, because it was voluntary and out of the line of his duty; and William Morgan, chief bugler, displayed courage and efficiency in the discharge of his duty.

The regiment, in addition to the 60 rounds to the man, fired, during the day, 16,000 rounds of cartridges. The regiment entered the action with 345 enlisted men and 27 commissioned officers.

Loss: Officers killed, 1; enlisted men, 10; total, 11. Officers wounded, 5; enlisted men, 82; total, 87. Enlisted men missing, 11. In aggregate, loss of 109.

I remain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

W. H. BLAKE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain R. L. KIMBERLY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

