
From this position the Sixth was enabled to protect the left flank of the Twenty-second Brigade, General Cruft, who was gallantly maintaining his position. Some of the enemy's skirmishers having after two hours' hard fighting, gained position in the edge of the wood, the Sixth was thrown forward to drive them from their cover. While in the act of advancing, the enemy, who had driven in General Negley's force on the right, opened a fire on the right flank of the Sixth, by which my lieutenant-colonel (Cotton) was killed. After some hard fighting the enemy were driven from their cover. Then, changing front, the right wing defending one flank and the left wing the other, the Sixth fought the advancing foe until their ammunition was exhausted. Changing position in good order, they took another position in rear of the railroad, where, having replenished their ammunition, they formed in line of battle on the north side of, and under cover of the embankment of the railroad, the Ninth Indiana being on their left, and the Forty-first Ohio and One hundred and tenth Illinois being in reserve in the rear. The battle had been furiously raging from 8 o'clock in the morning until noon.

About 2 p.m., the right of the army having been driven back, the enemy appeared in heavy force on the crest of the ridge east of Mr. Cowan's burnt dwelling. Massing their forces, they intended, if possible, to crush the Nineteenth Brigade, which had maintained its position during the day against overwhelming numbers. Onward they came; the colors of five or six regiments advancing abreast in line of battle were visible on the crest of the ridge. A further view of this line was intercepted by intervening inequalities of ground and woods. Firmly they advanced until within good range of the guns of the Sixth and Ninth. A most destructive fire was opened upon them by these regiments, by Captain Cockerill's and Captain Parson's batteries, and by the Fortieth Indiana Regiment, commanded by Colonel Blake. They broke in confusion, but, rallying advanced again. Three or four times they rallied and advanced to the attack. Each time they were driven back with great loss, the last time in such confusion that it became a rout. They day was ours. We encamped that night on the position that had been so ably and successfully defended.

The Sixth has to regret the loss of two of her bravest and most gallant officers: Lieutenant Colonel George T. Cotton was killed, nobly encouraging the men on the right, and Captain Charles S. Todd, commander of Company C, the color company, fell, pressing his men on to victory-scion of illustrious patriots, a braver spirit has not been offered up on the altar of his country.

The total loss in killed is 2 officers and 11 enlisted men; 6 commissioned officers were wounded-Lieutenants Bates, Company A; Dawkins, Company B; Armstrong, Company F; Frank of Company I, and others; 88 enlisted men were wounded. Total killed and wounded, 107.

Lieutenant Dawkins, acting as adjutant, rendered me very great assistance, until he was so severely wounded as to be carried from the field. Lieutenant Rockingham, of Company A, deserves the highest commendation for courage, coolness, and efficiency as an officer. Sergt. William Jones, of Company A; Captain Dawkins, of Company B; Lieutenants McCampbell, of Company D, and Armstrong, of Company F; Captains Marker, of Company G, and Johnston, and Lieutenant Whitaker, of Company H; Captain Stein and Lieutenant Frank,of Company I, Lieutenant Campbell and Sergeant Furr, of Company K, are specially noticed for gallant conduct and efficient services. I can speak in the most approving manner of the soldierly bearing and cour-

