
age of the men of the Sixth Kentucky. Three or four times regiments, retreating in confusion, would break through their lines, yet they never faltered in their duty, but obeyed implicitly the orders of the officer commanding.

I was personally cognizant of very gallant conduct on the part of Lieutenant Meeker, of the signal corps, under very heavy fire, in endeavoring to rally some of the fugitive regiments that were breaking through my lines. I was attacked by his bearing, inquired of him his name, and give him merited commendation.

On Friday, in the evening, January 2,the enemy made a most violent and determined attack upon the left of our forces, which had been advanced beyond Stone's River. The Sixth Kentucky, was ordered, with the brigade by Colonel Hazen, to cross the river and aid the forces engaged. This order was immediately obeyed. In double-quick time the Sixth advanced through a heavy shower of solid shot, shell, grape, and minie balls, cheering as they went. The timely aid brought inspired the forces engaged with the enemy, who pressing forward, drove the enemy, with great slaughter, from the field. While they were advancing, great numbers of one of the divisions attacked (said to be General Van Cleve's) ran in great affright. Throwing down their arms, they broke through the ranks of the Sixth, saying, "All is lost." This did not throw the Sixth into confusion. Steadily they advanced, every man and officer doing his duty.

In the advance, 2 men of Company G were killed by rifled cannon shot, and 2 from Company H were wounded.

The regiment remained encamped on the opposite side of the river till January 4, when it moved to its present quarters, where it learned of the flight of the enemy.

A detail was made, and all its noble dead entombed, with their soldier's honor, in a soldier's grave, on the ground where the Nineteenth Brigade made its memorable, determined stand against such overwhelming numbers.

Great credit is due to the talented and indefatigable surgeons of the Sixth Kentucky, Drs. Joseph T. Drane and E. T. Long, for their faithful and indefatigable attention to the wounded. They not only cared for and attended the wounded of their regiment, but many others besides. They were on the field in discharge of their duty amid the thickest of the fight.

Respectfully submitted.

W. C. WHITAKER,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Kentucky Volunteers.

Major KIMBERLY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen., Second Brigade, Second Division.

Numbers 135. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Aquila Wiley, Forty-first Ohio Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS FORTY-FIRST REGIMENT OHIO VOLS.

Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 6, 1863

As commander of the Forty-first Regiment Ohio Volunteers, I have the honor to submit the following report of its operations and casualties in the recent engagements before Murfreesborough:

On the evening of December 30, the regiment (which was then in

