
double column in reserve) was ordered to take position in the first line of battle, its left resting on the right of and near the Murfreesborough and Nashville turnpike, with two companies deployed as skirmishers about 150 yards inn advance, covering its front.

A little before daylight on the morning of the 31st, Companies D and I were deployed as skirmishers, and relieved Companies A and F, which were then assembled and took their position in line.

About 8 o'clock the signal "forward" was sounded, and the regiment commenced to advance toward Murfreesborough. At this time the firing, which had commenced at an early hour on our right, appeared to be nearing the pike to our right and rear, and the regiment had not advanced more than about 100 paces when the command "right about" was given, and it returned to its former position and again faced to the front. At this time the enemy appeared advancing in line across the open country direct in our front.

The regiment was then moved by the left flank across the turnpike, its left resting on a slight elevation to the right of and near the railroad. The enemy, then moving by his left flank, to gain cover of a wood on our right, made an oblique change of front to rear on the left company. The skirmishers, who (during this time under the command of Captain J. H. Williston, acting major) had been engaged with the enemy, with slight loss, were now rallied and put in position on the right of the regiment. In this position the regiment opened fire, and continued firing until its ammunition was about exhausted, when it was relieved by the Ninth Indiana, and retired a short distance and replenished its boxes. It then took up position on the right of the brigade, extending obliquely across the turnpike and again opened fire.

It here continued firing until a battery of the enemy opened upon our right flank, when it retired across the railroad and took up position on the left of the brigade, the right resting near and perpendicular to the railroad, the rest of the brigade having taken position behind and parallel with the railroad. After remaining in this position for some time-the enemy not being within effective range of infantry, and suffering considerably from his artillery, one shell from which, exploding in the ranks, killed and wounded 8 men-it retired about 50 yards behind a ridge, which afforded some protection.

Shortly after, hearing that the enemy's cavalry, was attempting to cross the creek to our left and rear, and seeing a section of artillery, unsupported, opening in that direction, without waiting for orders, I placed the regiment in position on the right of the artillery. A few discharges from the artillery, however, repulsed them. I was here met by a member of the staff of the colonel commanding the brigade, and directed to remain there until further orders.

Shortly after, by direction of General Rosecrans, the regiment took its former position in the field, behind a crest of the hill, which it occupied during the remainder of the day, sustaining some loss from the enemy's artillery, but without opportunity of returning its fire.

During the following day the regiment was not engaged, remaining in double column in reserve on the left of the railroad and near the creek, as it did also during Friday, until in the afternoon, when the enemy made his attack on our left. The column was then moved by the left flank across the creek to our extreme left, where it was deployed. The enemy was at this time repulsed, and retiring in confusion. I was ordered to advance the regiment in line, and did so without firing until ordered to halt at the skirt of a wood. The enemy having retreated

