
across an open field and disappeared in a wood beyond, a single battery of the enemy, posted in the skirt of the wood, was continuing its fire. The regiment was direction to fire one volley in the direction of the battery, and did so, immediately after which the firing on both sides ceased. It being now dark, the regiment remained in this position until relieved by the Twenty-first Illinois, when it was ordered into position to the rear, which terminated its part in the engagement.

The following is the list of casualties:* Total commissioned, officers killed, 1; wounded 2. Total enlisted men killed, 13; wounded, 102; missing, 6. Total engaged--commissioned officers, 19; enlisted men, 394.

Of the above list, five were wounded in the engagement on Friday evening. Sergeants Titus and Huston were carrying the colors at the time they were wounded. Lieutenant Blythe, quartermaster, was with the regiment during the engagement on Wednesday, and rendered efficient service. Both officers and men displayed great coolness and steady bravery throughout the entire engagement, performing all maneuvers with accuracy and precision, and, even when not engaged and suffering severely from the enemy's artillery, not attempting to move until ordered to do so.

Sergeant McKay, of Company E, commanding the company from the commencement of the engagement, and Sergeant McMahon, temporarily in command of Company H, displayed great coolness and courage, and are eminently deserving, of promotion. Corpl. J. P. Patterson, of the color-guard, seized the colors when Sergeant Huston fell, and bore them gallantly during the remainder of the engagement.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

AQUILA WILEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Forty-first Ohio Vols., Comdg. Regiment.

Major R. L. KIMBERLY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 136. Report of Colonel William Grose, Thirty-sixth Indiana Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 8, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with duty, I have the honor to submit the report of the part this brigade, under my command, took in the recent battles before Murfreesborough.

The five regiments--Thirty-sixth Indiana, Major Kinley; Twenty-fourth Ohio, Colonel Jones: Sixth Ohio, Colonel Anderson; Eighty-fourth Illinois, Colonel Waters; Twenty-third Kentucky, Major Hamrick; aggregate officers and men, 1,788-left our camp, near Nashville, December 26, 1862, with the division, bivouacked that night in front of La Vergne, 12 miles distant.

Next day, 27th, we moved to the west bank of Stewart's Creek, 5

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

