
miles, and my brigade was put in position in front, to the right of the pike. The pickets of the enemy were separated from ours by the creek. With light skirmishing, we rested here until Monday morning, the 29th, when we received, orders, and moved forward in double lines of battle on the right of the pike, the Thirty-sixth Indiana and Eighty-fourth Illinois in the front line, wading Stewart's Creek, waist-deep to most of the men, to within 2 1/2 miles of Murfreesborough, where we arrived near sunset, with skirmishing all the way, which was only ended by the close of the day. We there rested for the night.

At early morn skirmishing again commenced, and continued, during the day with more severity than before, the artillery taking a heavy part. This ended again with the day. Up to this time the loss in my brigade was 10 wounded. During the night it was relieved from the front by the brigade of Colonel Hazen, and retired to the rear to rest, and to be held in reserve.

Thus, on the bright Wednesday morning, December 31, the division, under command of its brave general, at early day was in battle line. The brigade of General Cruft on the right, of Colonel Hazen on the left, both in double lines, with my brigade in reserve in rear of the center, in supporting distance, with the batteries of Cockerill and Parsons in position to support the lines. While we were perfecting our lines in the morning, the divisions of Generals Negley and Rousseau filed by my rear through a heavy cedar grove, which lay in rear of General Cruft's brigade, and immediately up to the right of my brigade; the brigade of Colonel Hazen in an open cotton-field, the pike dividing his left from the division of General Wood, the lines of these two divisions resting nearly perpendicular to the pike.

The engagement had been raging fiercely some distance to our right during the early morning, and at near 8 o'clock the clash of arms too our right had so far changed position that I saw the rear of my brigade would soon be endangered. Hence I set to work changing my front to rear, which was done in quick time, with the left, when changed, a little retired, to support to right of Colonel Hazen's brigade, then closely engaged with the enemy, our two brigades forming a V. My brigade was not more than thus formed to the rear before the enemy appeared in heavy lines, pressing the forces of ours that had been engaged to the right of our division on our front in fearful confusion. In this new formation the Sixth Ohio and Thirty-sixth Indiana were in the front lines, the latter on the right, supported inn the second line by the Eighty-fourth Illinois and Twenty-third Kentucky, with the Twenty-fourth Ohio in an oblique form, a little to the right of the rear line. In this shape the Thirty-sixth Indiana and Sixth Ohio advanced into the woodland about 250 yards, and there met the enemy in overwhelming numbers.

Here Major Kinley and Captain Shultz, of the Thirty-sixth Indiana, fell, the former-named badly wounded, the latter killed; Colonel Anderson, of the Sixth Ohio, was here wounded, and his adjutant, A. G. Williams, and Lieutenant Foster, fell dead, with several others of their comrades. These two regiments were forced from the woodland, and retired to the right, in the direction of the pike, while the other three regiments, aided by the eight-gun battery, commanded by Lieutenant Parsons, with the efficient aid of Lieutenants Huntington and Cushing, poured a galling fire into the ranks of the pursuing enemy, causing them to break in confusion and retire back to the woods out of our reach, leaving the field covered with their dead and dying, with the heavy loss of the Thirty-sixth Indiana and Sixth Ohio lying with them on the bloody

