
field. After some half an hour or three-quarters the enemy renewed his attempts to advance, but was again repulsed with heavy loss on both sides.

After this, then, between 11 and 12 o'clock, the enemy not appearing in our immediate front, the lines of our forces that had retired or been driven from the right by this time were reformed parallel with the pike, so that the front of the brigade was again changed, so as to assist the brigade of Colonel Hazen in the direction, as formed in the morning. The Twenty-fourth Ohio and Thirty-sixth Indiana were soon thrown forward near the and had a terrible conflict with the enemy. Here Colonel Jones and Major Terry both fell, and were carried off the field in a dying condition.

Each regiment of the brigade, from this until night closed the awful scene, alternately took its part in holding the position that we occupied in the morning. The enemy having gained the heavy cedar woods to the right, where we first took position in the morning, it became necessary to so change our position as to not be in reach of small-arms from that woodland; hence, at nightfall the center of the front line of the brigade laid on the pike and diagonally across the same, fronting to the southeast our left resting at the right of the lines of General Wood's division. We were then a little retired,and the center of the brigade about 250 yards to the left of where we commenced in the morning. We ceased fighting for the night, with the front lines on the pike. During the day each of the regiments, having exhausted,had to replenish, their ammunition, many of them having fired over 100 rounds.

When Major Kinley, of the Thirty-sixth Indiana, fell, nearly at the commencement in the morning, the command devolved upon Captain Woodward: and upon the fall of Colonel Jones and Major Terry, of the Twenty-fourth Ohio, Captain Weller was left in command.

Although I was at Shiloh, and commanded in that battle at the head of General Buell's army, and fought throughout that battle with that army, yet this battle, the last day of the old year, was by far the most terrible and bloody in my command that I have ever witnessed.

During the latter part of the night, or, rather, early in the morning of January 1, our whole line was retired, for a more eligible position, 600 or 700 yards, and my brigade was relieved from the front, and retired for rest.

During Thursday,, January 1, we were ordered to cross the north bank of Stone's River to support a division on the extreme left of our line, an attack being anticipated in that direction, but returned to our resting place before night, no attack being made that day.

On the next day, January 2, in the forenoon, we were again ordered across the river to support the division there in position, with its right resting on the river bank, and its lines (double lines) formed at right angles to the river, extending therefrom about one-half mile. The river below the right of the division line, about 800 yards, changes direction, running about one-half mile in the rear, and nearly parallel to the lines of the division formed as above. When my brigade arrived on the ground, I was requested to put it in position so as to protect the left flank of the division referred to, and repel any attack that might be made in that direction.

The Twenty-third Kentucky was posted to the left of the division spoken of about 200 yards, retired; the Twenty-fourth Ohio 300 yards to its rear, fronting the same way; the Thirty-sixth Indiana, to the rear of the Twenty-fourth Ohio, fronting diagonally to the flank of the other

