
two, the right of the Thirty-sixth Indiana distant from the left of the Twenty-fourth Ohio about 150 yards,and with directions specially given to each of these regiments to change front as the exigencies of the case of an attack. The Eighty-fourth Illinois and Sixth Ohio were placed 150 yards from the left of the Thirty-sixth Indiana,in one line, fronting the same direction as the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-third as well as in the same direction of the division so posted (as above) to our right and front, the right of the Eighty-fourth Illinois resting on the bluff at the river with the Third Wisconsin Battery near the left and front of the Eighty-fourth; the Sixth Ohio on the left of the Eighty-fourth Illinois. Thus in position, I took the precaution to have each regiment hurriedly throw before them barricades of such materials, fences, buildings, &amp;c, as were at command.

About 3.30 p.m. the enemy came in against the division in front and right (as above shown in position) in strong force, perhaps in three lines, and with three batteries distributed along the front, and a heavy contest ensued, which lasted from one-half to three-fourths of an hour, when the lines of the division gave way in considerable confusion, retiring toward the river, and many of them breaking through the lines of my brigade. I went to my front regiments and superintended the changing of their fronts, respectively, so as to meet the enemy the best we could, coming from an unexpected direction, which to some extent, threw the Twenty-third Kentucky and Twenty-fourth Ohio, my advanced front regiments, into confusion, and caused them to retire toward the left of the main line of the brigade, but they kept up a strong fire on the advancing enemy as they retired. The Thirty-sixth Indiana changed its front, and, as the enemy's lines came near, opened on them a deadly fire; but on they came, until in reach of the Eighty-fourth Illinois and Sixth Ohio, behind their barricades, when both these regiments saluted them with a terrible fire, and by this time all my regiments were engaged, and the masses of the enemy began to falter,and soon broke in disorder, and commenced their flight back over the farm they had so fiercely advanced upon, pursued by the Thirty-sixth Indiana, Twenty-third Kentucky, and Twenty-fourth Ohio to the line occupied by the out-picket posts of the division before the battle commenced.

Here night overtook us, the battle was over, and the enemy was gone beyond the reach of our guns. Colonel Hazen's brigade crossed the river to our rear to support us about the time of the enemy's retreat, and moved closely after my pursuing regiments, to give assistance if needed. Some other forces collected or crossed the river to my right, and moved up the river bank in pursuit of the enemy as my regiments advanced. What forces these were I have not learned. The battery posted near the brigade at the commencement of this day's fight fired a few rounds and took a hasty leave from the field, and I have not made its acquaintance since.

Artillery from the opposite side of the river rendered valuable aid by playing upon the enemy in his advance and retreat.

Our loss this day was not large compared with that of the 31st. The of the enemy was very heavy.

I cannot too favorably notice the coolness and promptness of each and every field officer of the brigade. They seemed to vie with each other which should most promptly execute every command, without regard to danger; and the line officers and men of the respective regiments appeared not to fear or know danger. New and old regiments alike acted the heroic part and braved every peril.

