
We have, up to this date, a smaller proportional list of deaths from wounds after entering hospital than any other division hospital in the left wing of this army corps. Two cases of erysipelas have appeared in stumps-one of the arm, near the shoulder; the other the leg. They were immediately separated from the other inmates and cared for in a tent to themselves. The utmost care and vigilance is constantly exercised over the wounded that the limited room and means will permit.

I have, sir, the honor to be respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. H. KERSEY,

Acting Surgeon Third Brigade.

W. GROSE

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 138 Report of Colonel Louis H. Waters, Eighty-fourth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTY-FOURTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 6, 1863

SIR: Early in the morning of December 31, by direction of Colonel Grose, commanding Third Brigade, my command took position on the left of the brigade front perpendicular to the pike, with the Twenty-third Kentucky on my right and the Twenty-fourth Ohio in my rear. In a short time it became evident that the division on our right was being rapidly driven in, whereupon I changed front to the right, and got my command under the protection of a ledge of rocks. The enemy soon appeared in the cedar woods in our front, and we opened fire upon him. We here had 5 men severely wounded. Lieutenant Parsons' battery having changed position from our left to the pike in its rear, I retired my left to support the battery, moving my right to the position before occupied by my left.

About 12 o'clock, the battery having moved forward on the pike nearly to the cotton-field in front, by direction of Colonel

Grose we moved forward to support the battery on the right and immediately commenced firing upon the enemy lying across the cotton-field and meadow in our front. During this time there were two regiments of some other division upon my right, engaging the enemy somewhat to their right, and Stevens' Pennsylvania battery was in rear of my center. Both these regiments gave way, and left the field in considerable confusion, leaving Stevens' battery, without any support.

I immediately retired the right of my regiment, so as to protect this battery as far as possible until it could be taken from the field. It had done excellent service, and was not to be lost without a struggle. As soon as it was started from the field, I again retired my right, so as to have the protection of a ledge, some 60 paces to the rear. From this ledge we kept up a steady fire upon the enemy, now occupying the skirt of the cedar woods in our front, until Lieutenant Parsons' battery, for wanton ammunition or support on his left, was compelled to retire beyond the pike. While occupying this position we suffered terribly from the fire of stragglers, who had sought cover behind some cabins in our rear, and were firing wildly at the enemy over our line.

Captain Higgins and others of my command called to me that their men were being wounded by the firing from the cabins. I reluctantly withdrew my command to the railroad, some 350 yards distant, and from

