
thence, by Colonel Grose's direction, to some woods to the left, where we rested for the night. At the ledge where we made our last stand we left 24 of our dead.

In the fight on the 2nd instant we were posted by Colonel Grose on the left of his brigade line, and I cannot report anything that did not occur under the observation of Colonel Grose, who on this occasion, as on the 31st, was wherever duty called him, regardless of danger. After the enemy commenced retreating, I advanced my command to the corn-field in our front, and there learned, to my surprise, that our ammunition was exhausted. We had fired 50 rounds.

My command, on the morning of the 31st ultimo, consisted of 3 field and staff and 21 company officers and 336 enlisted men. Lieutenants Ball and Abercrombie, two as gallant gentleman as ever fought beneath the stars and stripes, fell at their posts in the first engagement.

On the 31st we lost in killed 35 officers and men, and had wounded 121. On the 2nd we had 5 wounded. On both occasions my command, as well as the other regiments of Colonel Grose's brigade, was nearly crushed by the herd of officers and men of other divisions, as they fled, panic-stricken, before the enemy; yet it stood like a " human wood," and officers and men vied with each other in beating back the fugitives.

To the coolness and fearlessness of Lieutenant-Colonel Hamer, Major Morton, and my company officers, and the bravery of our men, are we indebted for whatever of credit the regiment may deserve. In this connection I cannot omit the opportunity of bearing testimony to the gallantry of Lieutenant Parsons and the efficiency of his battery.

I herewith inclose a list of my killed and wounded,* which is as nearly correct as I can now make it. Many slightly wounded are not included in the list.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. H. WATERS,

Colonel, Commanding Eighty-fourth Illinois Volunteers.

Captain R. SOUTHGATE

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General Third Brigade.

Numbers 139. Report of Captain Pyrrhus Woodward, Thirty-sixth Indiana Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTY-SIXTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS.

January 6, 1863

SIR: It devolves upon me, as the temporary commander of the Thirty-sixth Regiment, to report the part taken by it in the recent engagements before Murfreesborough, and on the march thither.

On the 28th ultimo we were bivouacked on the west bank of Stewart's pickets. At an early hour the next, morning, 29th ultimo, we moved forward in line of battle, and arrived within sight of the enemy's rifle-pits, 2 1/2 miles from Murfreesborough, at 4 p.m. . There we retained our position in front, the regiment doing picket duty the night of the 29th, and losing 1 man of Company D, wounded. We retained our position in front during the day and night of the 30th ultimo, losing 1 man wounded in Company I.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 213.

---------------

