
fire. Then, by your order, I changed position, moving by the left flank a distance of 200 yards. It was a terrible struggle, but the terrific fire to which the enemy was exposed for an hour compelled his lines to break and retire in disorder. At this juncture my men were ordered to charge the enemy, which they did with alacrity, halting not until darkness put an end to the pursuit. Captain J. H. King, of Company G, was killed in this last engagement while gallantly encouraging his men at the barricade. He died nobly, bravely.

Our loss, colonel, in this series of engagements is as follows:* Killed, 25; wounded, 91; missing, 18. Total loss in killed, wounded,and missing, 134

In concluding my report to you, colonel, I wish again to call your attention to the bravery and gallant conduct of both the officers and men of my regiment, and to thank them for their noble conduct and bearing throughout all the trying scenes from December 28 to January 3. They are worthy of immortal honor.

Too much cannot be said in praise of the glorious dead. Captains Shultz and King still live with us, though their bodies molder in the earth. The enemy encountered no braver or truer spirits in those trying battles.

How sleep the brave who sink to rest,

By all their country's wishes blessed!

I am, colonel, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

PYRRHUS WOODWARD,

Captain, Comdg. Thirty-sixth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Colonel W. GROSE,

Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 140. Report of Major Thomas H. Hamrick, Twenty-third Kentucky Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD INFANTRY,Camp in front of Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 5, 1863

SIR: I hereby beg leave to make my report of the part taken by the Twenty-third Kentucky Infantry in the two battles before Murfreesborough, December 31, 1863:

On December 26, 1862, we left our camp near Nashville with 282 men, and took up our line of march with the brigade, under the command of Colonel William Grose, in the rear of the Sixth Ohio. Halted near La Vergne at dusk, where we bivouacked during the night.

On the morning of the 27th, my regiment was detailed as guard to General Palmer's division train. At night we took up our position with the brigade.

On the 28th (Sunday), we moved to the front with our brigade, and were placed as reserve to the Eighty-fourth Illinois.

On the 29th, we moved forward, crossed Stewart's Creek, waist-deep, and followed the Eighty-fourth Illinois in line of battle. Remained in front all night with the brigade.

On the 30th, I was ordered forward some 400 yards, to support Parsons' (regular) battery, on the right, where we remained until dark,

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

