
Regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hapeman, marched from color-line, and took position in the edge of some heavy timber. The One hundred and sixth Ohio on the left, One hundred and fourth in the center, and One hundred and eighth Ohio on the right. Artillery (two guns) supported by One hundred and sixth Ohio. Skirmishers thrown out in proper order to feel for the enemy, who were engaged but a few minutes, when the engagement became general. Being at too great a distance to do any execution, we were ordered to lie down, the enemy still firing volley after volley, our artillery playing splendidly upon them. As soon as the enemy appeared, the officer commanding the artillery complained that the One hundred and sixth had fired one volley and run. The One hundred and fourth still kept firing, doing fine execution. After we had been engaged half an hour, one of my men shot down the enemy's color-bearer. At this I observed the enemy fall back in good order. About this time, or rather while this was taking place, the word came along our line that the One hundred and eighth had retreated on the run and surrendered. The enemy then closed in upon our front and flanks, and poured in upon us an unceasing shower of bullets. The artillery was ordered to the rear, and when out of the way, the One hundred and fourth was ordered to fall back, which it did, with some confusion. We returned to the bank of the Cumberland River. We again rallied to the support of the artillery, but it was in vain; we were alone, and the enemy was upon us in numbers not less, I think, than three to one. Our men stood up bravely under the galling fire, and fought like veterans instead of raw volunteers. We have been in the service but little over three months, and most of that time we have been on the march.

To save the lives, which would have been a vain sacrifice, Colonel Moore, commanding the Thirty-ninth Brigade, surrendered the One hundred and fourth and the artillery, the remainder having surrendered themselves. The action lasted one hour and twenty-five minutes.

Of our lieutenant-colonel and major I think they deserve the highest praise; they were at all times doing their utmost to encourage the men. Of Colonel Moore, I think his bravery cannot be questioned, and I am proud of being an officer in the One hundred and fourth Illinois Infantry.

I heard the rebel General Morgan say that he had never fought any Federal troops who stood so determinedly as did the One hundred and fourth; and I also heard him say that had the other regiments fought as we did, our re-enforcements would have arrived, and he should have had to retreat, and several of his officers said the same. Of the cavalry in our command, I can say nothing, as I did not see them during the engagement.

ROBERT V. SIMPSON,

First Lieutenant, Comdg. Co. G, One hundred and fourth Illinois Infty.

No. 10. Report of Lieut. Colonel Gustavus Tafel, One hundred and sixth Ohio Infantry.

NASHVILLE, TENN., December 12, 1862.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the battle of Hartsville, on Sunday, December 7, instant:

The first intimation we had of any threatened attack was by some one

