
When we halted we were 500 yards in advance and to the right of our original position, and occupying the ground of our former picket line, which position we held until dark when, being relieved, we returned to our position occupied before the engagement,having lost in the two days' engagements 8 killed, 51 wounded, and 22 missing.

Chaplain William H. Black deserves especial praise for the manner in which he acted being always at his post, and rendering aid and comfort to the wounded, both while the fight was going on and during the two succeeding nights. Dr. A. M. Morrison, also deserves great praise for his kindness and attention to the wounded at all hours, day and night.

My officers, line and staff, acted with great coolness and bravery, with a few exceptions, which I cannot particularize in this report.

I have the honor to remain, your most obedient servant,

THOMAS H. HAMRICK,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain R. SOUTHGATE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigadier Second Div.

Numbers 141. Report of Colonel Nicholas L. Anderson, Sixth Ohio Infantry.

NASHVILLE, TENN., January 7, 1863.

COLONEL: In accordance with orders from headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteers in the late series of battles, beginning on the morning of December 31.

At about 8 a.m. on that day we were drawn up in line of battle in the open field to the north of the burnt brick house, and to the west of the cedars, while Rousseau's division filed by us to get position. Scarcely had the rear of that column passed when heavy firing was heard to our right, coming from the cedars and approaching rapidly. I was ordered with my regiment into the woods. I immediately changed front and advanced some 200 yards, when I saw our troops flying in wild disorder, and hotly pursued by the enemy. I formed my line and awaited the escape of our men and the nearer advance of the enemy. In a few moments a terrible fire was opened on us, scarce 100 yards distant, from a rebel line apparently four deep. This fire we returned, and a dreadful carnage ensued on both sides. Finding myself hotly pressed, I had determined on a charge, and the order was already given to fix bayonets, when I saw my regiment flanked almost completely on both sides by two rebel regiments. I gave the order to fall back, firing. As soon as we reached the edge of the woods, Lieutenant Parsons, of the Fourth (Regular) Artillery, opened on the enemy with terrible effect, and I reformed my line behind his guns, having held my position against tremendous odds, but with great sacrifice, for forty minutes.

I then replenished my ammunition, and was soon after ordered to throw my regiment diagonally across the Murfreesborough pike and hold that position. This I did, under a destructive fire and with much loss, during the rest of the day and until midnight, when I was relieved by the Twenty-fourth Ohio, and took my regiment a short distance to the rear.

During January 1, my regiment was moved from one place to another as the plan of the battle required, but did not get into any general action.

