
to the left and rear, immediately in rear of the Sixth Ohio, which had now become earnestly engaged with the enemy, who was under cover of thick woods. We immediately moved forward to support the Sixth, and were ordered to lie down in the open space, about 50 paces in their rear, being much exposed to a galling fire of rebel infantry.

The deadly fire of the enemy in superior numbers was moving down the ranks of the gallant Sixth, and they were compelled to fall back. Colonel Jones now ordered the regiment to fall back, which was done in good order. We halted at about 150 paces, and lay down to await the enemy's approach from the cover of the woods into the open space that separated us. On they came like a tornado that would destroy everything in its path. Encouraged by their success in driving the forces upon our right, they charged upon a battery lying upon our right, belonging to General Rousseau's command, when almost simultaneously our forces lying in their front opened upon them with a tremendous fire from our infantry and artillery, moving them down almost by ranks, causing dismay and confusion, when they broke and fled in disorder to the cover of woods from which they had but just emerged.

We had rested but a few minutes after this terrible encounter, when an orderly of the gallant General Palmer delivered orders for us to move double-quick to the support of the Nineteenth Brigade (Colonel Hazen's), which was at this time gallantly resisting a furious charge of the rebel hordes in an open cotton-field on our left. We almost instantly formed on their right in the field, with Lieutenant Parsons' Fourth (Regular) Battery on our right. We remained in this position about one hour and a half, amid the most terrible shower of ball and shell, encouraged by the cool and daring courage of our brigade commander, who was apparently omnipresent, watching the movements of the enemy and issuing his orders in person, when we were ordered to fall back to the turnpike, where another stand was made.

We had remained in this position but a few minutes, exposed to a severe cross-fire of the enemy, when Colonel Jones was mortally wounded and carried from the field. The command now devolved upon Major Henry Terry, who displayed great coolness and bravery during the brief period he was permitted to command. Our position at this time was very much exposed, and it was here that the regiment suffered most. Major Terry was struck in the head and mortally wounded by a fragment of shell; Lieutenant Charles R. Harman was almost instantly killed, and Lieutenant Benjamin J. Horton had his leg fractured so severely that amputation was necessary. Captain Enoch Weller now assumed command assisted by me when our ammunition being exhausted, the regiment was relieved, and retired to the rear to replenish our cartridge-boxes, and again moved forward under cover of a cluster of timber, where we remained until dark, under a terrible and dangerous fire of the enemy's artillery, directed at some batteries upon our right and left, which wounded several of our men.

Night closed the terrible carnage, and we retired to the rear to prepare some refreshments and received some rest, which was so much needed after the fatigues of the day. After resting January 1, on the morning of January 2 our regiment, with the brigade, moved across the river to support the division of General Van Cleve, which was alone on that side of the river. We prepared a small protection by removing the rail from an adjoining fence and constructing a slight breastwork, where we remained until about 3 p.m, when the enemy made a desperate charge upon the division of General Van Cleve, and being in such force they were compelled to give way, our position being in the rear and on the left of Van Cleve, immediately behind the Twenty-third

