
Kentucky Regiment, which formed the advance of our brigade, the Thirty-sixth Indiana, Sixth Ohio,and Eighty-fourth Illinois being immediately in our rear. The forces of Van Cleve were retreating in confusion, running directly over our artificial covering, drawing the fire of the enemy directly toward us.

Captain Weller, commanding the regiment displayed great coolness and bravery, ordering us to hold our position. The enemy were now rushing wildly and madly on, and were near flanking our position, when Captain Weller was instantly killed. The regiment now retired in confusion under cover of some buildings and timber, when the Thirty-sixth Indiana, Sixth Ohio, and Eighty-fourth Illinois Regiments poured in such deadly volleys of musketry, causing a check in the enemy's advance, when the regiment rallied and again went gallantly into the fight with her colors in the front. The command now devolving upon me, the regiment was brought back and bivouacked with the brigade upon the spot that but a few moments before had been the scene of havoc and death.

At 3 a.m. the 3rd instant I moved the regiment to the front on picket duty, and remained until 12 m., when were relieved and retired across the river, which was waist-deep to the men.

Too much praise cannot be bestowed upon the heroic and gallant officers who sacrificed their lives in the late bloody encounters; they were true and brave men. What more can be said?

Great praise is due personally to Captain George M. Bacon, Lieutenants Dryden, Horton, Diehl, Draeger, Wadsworth, Beck, and Adjutant Graham, for gallant and efficient services rendered during the entire engagement displaying that coolness and bravery so necessary in such emergencies.

The non-commissioned officers of the regiment performed well their part of the drama, several of the companies being commanded by first sergeants, who bravely and ably performed the tasks assigned them. Our killed and wounded were promptly cared for by the corps of musicians under directions of Dr. Orr, of the Thirty-sixth Indiana Regiment, who manifested great zeal and energy in having them comfortably provided for and dressing their wounds.

I cannot omit to notice that the gallant behavior of the regiment is attributable to the brave example of our gallant brigade commander, whose brave and heroic daring on the field of Shiloh was still fresh in their memories. Also Brigadier-General Palmer, whose simplicity of cool and daring courage upon the field, cannot fail to inspire the men with confidence in their commanders.

The command devolving upon me when the last engagements of December 31 and January 2.

Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing is as follows: Commissioned officers killed, 4; wounded, 4. Enlisted men killed, 10; mortally wounded, 6; severely wounded, 62; missing, 12. Total killed, wounded, and missing, 98. Besides the foregoing, there are 20 slightly wounded, but not disabled for duty.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, sir, you obedient servant,

A. T. M. COCKERILL,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-fourth Ohio Regiment.

Captain R. SOUTHGATE,

Acting Asst. Adjt. Gen., Tenth Brigadier Fourth Div.

