
ing, was accordingly,at about 10 a.m.,ordered to cross the river and remain in the hollow near the ford.

Small parties of the enemy's cavalry and infantry were occasionally seen, and at length a strong line was distinctly visible through the openings in the wood. Lieutenant Livingston was now ordered to bring up his battery. It was accordingly placed in position on the rising ground in front of Colonel Fyffe's brigade. Several shells were thrown at the enemy's line which caused its disappearance. It was supposed they had laid down. One section, Lieutenant Hubbard commanding, was now moved to the hill on the right, whence also one or two shells were thrown at detached parties. Colonel Fyffe's brigade was moved to the left of the battery, where it was covered by a skirt of woods. Our whole force had been constantly concealed by making the men lie down.

About 1 o'clock the remaining two regiments of Colonel Grider's brigade (the Nineteenth Ohio and Ninth Kentucky) were ordered to cross the river which they did, forming near the hospital,on the left of the other two regiments of the same brigade, to protect our left flank. The enemy's forces were occasionally seen moving to our left, and Generals Crittenden and Palmer were advised of that fact. Colonel Grose was, consequently ordered to support me, his brigade formed so as to protect our left, relieving the Nineteenth Ohio and Ninth Kentucky. These two regiments then formed in rear of the right of the second line as a reserve, being posted in the hollow near the ford. No other disturbance occurred during the day, except the occasional firing of the skirmishers, so Colonel Grose's brigade and Livingston's battery recrossed the river.

About midnight we were alarmed by sharp firing from the skirmishers. They reported that it was caused by the enemy's skirmishers advancing and firing upon us. One of our men was killed and one wounded. Nothing else occurred during the night.

On the morning of Friday, January 2, Livingston's battery came across the river again and was posted as before. There was light skirmishing during the earlier part of the day. The Seventy-ninth Indiana Regiment, Colonel Knefler, was ordered to take place in the first line, to close the gap between Colonel Fyffe's brigade and the others.

Nothing of note occurred until about 11 o'clock, when the firing of the enemy's skirmishers became very constant and heavy, as they slowly crept up toward us. The skirmishers now reported a battery being planted in our front, and shortly afterward that fifteen regiments of infantry and three pieces of artillery were moving to our left. Notice of all these movements was given to Generals Crittenden and Palmer, and Colonel Grose's brigade again came over to our support.

About noon the enemy's battery opened with occasional shell, directed at Lieutenant Hubbard's section of artillery, on the hill. The enemy's artillery was now seen moving to our left, and soon another battery opened fire upon Lieutenant Hubbard's section. As the enemy's skirmishers were so near that their fire was annoying and dangerous to the artillery I ordered Lieutenant Livingston to retire and take a position on the hill near the hospital. A few shells were still thrown by the enemy's battery on our left, and occasional ones from an apparently heavy battery across the river.

As the enemy's skirmishers pressed ours very closely, our line was strengthened by throwing out tow more companies. The firing was very sharp, and many of our men, as well as theirs, were wounded.

At about 2.30 o'clock it was reported that four more of the enemy's guns were moving toward our left. Word was sent in this case, as of all other movements, to General Crittenden.

