
crying out at the top of his voice, at about 6.30 a.m., "Fall in; they are coming." Some few shots followed the warning. I immediately formed my regiment, then consisting of six companies (one company being off on special duty to Gallatin and one more on picket and brigade guard-duty, in the opposite direction to the place of attack). The regiment fell in promptly, and formed in line to the left of the One hundred and fourth Illinois Regiment, as indicated by Adjutant-General Gholson. We then saw the enemy's cavalry formed in line of battle on top of a hill, in the direction of the Gallatin road, separated by a wide gulf from our position. It occurred to me that a bald hill, commanding both positions, which ran out on our right, ought to be taken possession of, and suggested such a movement to Colonel Moore, commanding Thirty-ninth Brigade. He concurred, and ordered me to move in that direction. When I had marched my command past the One hundred and fourth Illinois, I noticed that a portion of the One hundred and eighth Regiment had then occupied the position in question. On reporting this, I was ordered by Colonel Moore to say where I was, thus forming, with the One hundred and eighth Regiment, the right of our line of battle. We were not quite done taking this position when our right wing was attacked with impetuosity by the enemy's infantry, which, meantime, had deployed in our front. This attack was preceded by the firing of their artillery, which, on account of its bad aim, produced no effect whatever. The men behaved very well, and our line advanced somewhat from our original position, as the nature of the ground directed. One gun of the Thirteenth Indiana Battery now arrived on the ground, and was posted right in the center, on the left of my command. Colonel Moore then ordered the whole line to fall back to the rear of the gun, and he experienced some difficulty in making my left conform to such order.

Meanwhile I noticed a falling back on my right, which I found was occasioned by a part of the One hundred and eight Regiment, in order to meet a flank movement by the enemy's dismounted cavalry, which advanced on us through the wood. Thus the fight stood for some time, until our piece of artillery, after achieving fine results, and blowing up one of the enemy's occasions, was forced to retire, on account of its loss of men and horses, caused by its exposed position. The cannon was withdrawn to the top of a rocky hill in rear of the camps of all the regiments from where the other piece was playing across the river. Simultaneously Colonel Moore ordered the men to fall back upon said hill. The flanking movements of the enemy, however, necessitated me to move the greater part of my men along the edge of the wood on the right, where the enemy had long tried to effect an opening.

The train of the One hundred and eighth Regiment afforded me a fine opportunity to check the enemy's advance on our right flank, and there they were punished severely. When, however, the camps of the One hundred and fourth and One hundred and eighth Regiments had fallen into the hands of the enemy, my position became untenable, and I fell back with the men upon the ridge occupied by brigade headquarters. At that time Colonel Moore had already surrendered the battery and that part of the brigade which had rallied on the hill back of the camps.

At this juncture men came riding up, wearing United States uniforms, waving their hats and telling us to surrender like the rest; but I cried out to the men not to listen, and that General Dumont was near with re-enforcements. The men accordingly made another stand, but were

