
others were over. When the last section reached the ford, one regiment of the enemy was within 100 yards of it, and poured a galling fire into us. Many of our horses were shot dead in the river, but our brave boys cleared them from the teams, and everything was got across. We opened fire on them as soon as we had crossed, though many of our caissons had not yet come up. We opened fire at three different positions after we crossed,and soon after the enemy gave back. Were crossed to the east side, to sustain General Davis, and took a position in advance of the one taken the day previous, January 1. We expended this day 300 rounds of ammunition. Our fire was very good, disabling two of the enemy's limbers and killing their horse, but our fire was directed mostly at their advancing lines. We lost 9 horses, 2 sets lead harness, and had 2 men, Sergeants Holenbeck and Daniel Robin, wounded, not seriously.

January 3. We had remained in our position assigned us by General Davis, all night and until noon this day, before we were delivered. Our horses had had nothing to eat for forty-eight hours, and our men were wet with wading the river, and without shelter from the cold pelting rain; but when I told them it was the imperative order of General Davis and of vital necessity that we should hold out a little longer, they cheerfully obeyed. General Davis kindly divided what little he had to eat with our men, as did also Colonel Beatty the day before.

We had no rations issued since the 30th, and our provision and forage wagon had been sent back by order of some one. At 11 a.m. we were relieved by the Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Battery, and fell back a little to feed. At 11 p.m. we recrossed the river, by order of Captain Mendenhall,and took up our old position on the west side, commanding the ford.

January 4. Remained at the ford until 5 p.m., when we were ordered to this camp.

We have expended in all 358 rounds of ammunition, lost 9 horses, 2 sets harness, and have 4 men wounded. Present for duty, 3 commissioned officers and 107 men.

Yours, &amp;c.,

CORTLAND LIVINGSTON,

Lieutenant, Commanding Third Wisconsin Battery.

Captain SWALLOW,

Chief of Arty. Brigadier 3rd Div., Left Wing, Army of the Cumberland.

Numbers 148. Report of Colonel Samuel Beatty, Nineteenth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the First Brigade, Third Division, left wing, Fourteenth Army Corps, in the action of December 31, 1862:

At 8 a.,m. December 31, 1862, the Third Division having crossed Stone's River, on the extreme left of the army, formed line of battle, with the right of the First Brigade resting on the bank of the river. The line was scarcely established when an order was received to recross the stream and march to the right, across the Nashville, and Chattanooga Railroad track, and west of the Nashville and Murfreesborough pike.

