
Here the brigade, marching in advance of the division, was met by retreating columns, bearing unmistakable signs of disaster, who reported themselves belonging to the command of Major-General Rousseau. They broke through the lines of the brigade-infantry, cavalry,artillery ambulances, baggage train, &amp;c,-- in the greatest confusion, frequently separating the regiment of the brigade, threatening serious trouble. Line of battle was finally formed upon a point indicated by Major-General Rosecrans in person, consisting of the Nineteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, Major Charles F. Manderson commanding on the right; the Ninth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel Benjamin C. Grider commanding, on the left; in front, the Nineteenth Ohio Volunteers, supported by the Seventy-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Frederick Knefler commanding, and the Ninth Kentucky, supported by the Eleventh Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, Major E. L. Mottley commanding. It was with the utmost difficulty that the line established was maintained. It was impossible to prevent the retreating columns from breaking through and almost destroying it; but the brigade stood fast and never wavered. The enemy was rapidly approaching in three heavy columns to reach and capture the train of the army, immediately in rear and across the pike. Fire had to be reserved on account of our own troops, who were in front of the line. The front at last having been cleared by our own men, and the enemy's column appearing at a short distance a heavy fire was opened by the front line of the brigade, which was kept up with very destructive effect, and completely checked the enemy's advance, who for some time maintained the position inflicting severe loss upon us.

At this juncture the Eleventh Kentucky and Seventy-ninth Indiana Regiments, in front,who by this time expended many rounds of their ammunition, wheeled into column, and the two supporting regiments passed through the intervals. The whole movement was accomplished in fine order, under the very heavy fire of the enemy. The new line immediately opened fire upon the enemy, who commenced falling back; bayonets were ordered to be fixed, and the Seventy-ninth Indiana and the Eleventh Kentucky were ordered to advance, supported by the other two regiments. They advanced rapidly, the enemy retreating. An uninterrupted fire was kept up, and the enemy compelled, after a pursuit of nearly a mile from the position first occupied by the brigade, to take refuge behind his works, which could not be assailed for the want of artillery,which could not advance in that direction, owing to the very rough and uneven nature of the ground.

While in this position, the Second Brigade of the Third Division, which had in the mean time advanced on the right of the First Brigade, and was now on a line parallel with it, was forced back by strongly reenforced columns of the enemy again appearing in front. The First Brigade was ordered to fall back, to prevent a flank movement,which was accomplished in good order, to a distance of about 300 yards,and took position in a cedar thicket, where skirmishers thrown to the front kept up a continual fire.

At this point I was ordered by Major-General Rosecrans to move to the support of Mendenhall's and the Chicago Board of Trade Battery, on the left of the brigade. The Ninth and Eleventh Kentucky Regiments were ordered to that point, and the Nineteenth Ohio and the Seventy-ninth Indiana Regiments were ordered to fall back and to join the Second Brigade, on the right.

In this position the brigade remained until midnight, when the bri-

