
thus, for a time, the advance was continued for some distance, when we found a body of our troops broken, and retreating form our right in a direction which passed them diagonally through our lines. Our men kept firm, and we tried to rally them,but with no effect. Thus our right was exposed and turned,and you gave the order to fall back, which we did in most excellent order under the heaviest shower of balls and missiles that we had encountered during the day. Our loss here was great, and the courage and coolness of men and officers was here put to a severer test than during the advance, and well did they meet the trying emergency.

We came back a short distance, and promptly formed in line to again meet the enemy. Here General Rosecrans in person ordered me to advance my regiment to close range of the enemy, and after giving him a few fires, to charge. I ordered the advance, but had gone only a short distance when the general ordered us to halt and cause the men to lie down, while a battery in our rear opened over us upon the enemy. After remaining here for a short time, my regiment and the Eleventh Kentucky were ordered to take position to sustain the Chicago Board of Trade Battery and another, the name of which I do no know, then threatened by the enemy. This we continued to do until late in the night, after the battle was all over for the day.

We were during this time under fire from the enemy's artillery, and lost 2 men killed and several wounded. Our loss during the day was 2 commissioned officers--First Lieutenants Silas Clark and W. J. Cram-- wounded; 2 sergeants 1 of whom was the color-bearer, killed; 1 private killed, and 19 wounded. A full list will be handed in as soon as practicable.

I have no terms of praise that can do justice to the noble bearing and unflinching bravery of all the officers and men. I mention the names of them all; Lieutenant Colonel George H. Cram, Major John H. Grider, Adjt. C. D. Bailey; Capts. R. A. Read, Rufus Somerby D. B. Coyle, William T. Bryan; First Lieutenants A. Sidney Leggett, T. Freely Heeter, W. J. Cram (commanding companies); R. T. Patton, Boyle O. Rodes, Henry W. Mayes, Silas Clark; Second Lieutenants Frederick F. Carpenter, D. C. Downing, John P. Grinstead, James M. Simmons, and Benjamin M. Johnson.

Company A, Captain Henry F. Leggett, was on detached duty, and, I regret could not be in the battle, as their services, brave men and well officered as they are, would have been valuable. First Lieutenant John H. Wheat was not with the regiment, being detached on duty with the Pioneer Corps.

Respectfully submitted.

B. C. GRIDER,

Colonel Ninth Kentucky Volunteers.

Lieutenant W. H. H. SHEETS

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION,Camp in front of Murfreesborough, Saturday, January 3, 1863.

COLONEL: I had the honor to be placed in command of the First Brigade, Third Division (formerly the Eleventh Brigade),on the morning of January 1 and being ordered by you as commander of the division, I at once marched with my command to the south side of Stone's River,

