
His but eighteen years of age, and is one of the bravest soldiers in the army.

Our loss was as follows:* Commissioned officers killed, 4; wounded, 7. Enlisted men, killed, 18; wounded, 80; prisoners, 3 (wounded). Of the above, 3 were killed and 21 wounded on the 31st. (See Colonel Grider's regimental report.)

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

GEO. H. CRAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Ninth Kentucky Volunteers.

Numbers 152. Reports of Major Erasmus L. Mottley, Eleventh Kentucky Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS,January 6, 1863

SIR: I have the honor to report the part my regiment (Eleventh Kentucky Volunteers) took in the action of December 31, 1862.

The night previous we bivouacked in an open field adjacent to the Murfreesborough pike. Next morning, about 8 o'clock, we were ordered to follow the Ninth Kentucky, Regiment and cross the river, where we were placed in line of battle, supporting them. We remained in that position about half an hour, when we recrossed the river, still moving in our position as first placed, having marched about half a mile parallel with the pike.

Was then ordered to halt and front, still occupying my position in the rear of the Ninth Kentucky Volunteers. The firing then began by the regiments in front of me, and continued about half an hour, when I was ordered to move forward and relieve the Ninth Kentucky, which was about 100 yards in advance. We did so, moving in line of battle about 500 yards. We then halted, as our farther advance was interrupted by about four regiments of scattered troops rushing through my line. After they had passed we opened a heavy and destructive fire on the enemy, who were advancing against me, and remained in that position, firing, till the right of our division was nearly flanked, when we received an order from you to fall back, which I did (bringing several prisoners with me) in line of battle, till I reached a dense thicket, when I moved by the left flank. We then formed line in an open field, and were ordered by General Rosecrans in person to occupy the thicket through which we had just passed, and hold it at all hazards. We did so.

Just at this moment the enemy were advancing in strong force on our left, when the left wing of the regiment opened an oblique, galling fire upon them, making them fall back. We were then ordered back by you to the large open field on our left, to support two pieces of Terrill's Regular and the Chicago Board of Trade Batteries, where we remained the remainder of the day, my entire regiment, both officers and men doing their whole duty.

Inclosed find list of casualties.#

Very respectfully,

E. L. MOTTLEY,

Major, Commanding Eleventh Kentucky.

Colonel SAMUEL BEATTY,

Commanding First Brigade, Third Division.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

#Embodied in revised statement, p. 213.

---------------

