HDQRS. ELEVENTH REGIMENT KENTUCKY VOL. INFANTRY,January 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part my regiment (Eleventh Kentucky Volunteers) took in the engagement of January 2, 1863.

Having crossed the river the morning of January 1 and bivouacked 150 yards behind the main advance of our lines about 3.30 January 2, the enemy showed himself in strong force, sixteen regiments deep, advancing in column against us; also a brigade on our left. The firing now became general all along the lines. Seeing the regiments on the left giving way, I ordered my regiment to take arms (the arms had previously been stacked). Just then the front was falling back, and I ordered my regiment forward under the most terrific storm of shot, shell, and musketry it has ever been my lot to witness. I advanced about 100 yards, when I ordered a halt and commenced firing. I broke their ranks more than once, their colors shot down several times, but their broken ranks were speedily filled with fresh troops.

Casting my eyes to the right, and seeing I had no support in that direction, and being nearly outflanked, I gave the order to fall back to the wood in our rear, the men being pressed so closely some of them crossed the river.

After crossing the river, I, in conjunction with yourself and other officers,rallied parts of the different regiments of the brigade, and succeeded in putting the enemy to flight before us, and capturing four pieces of the celebrated Washington Artillery.

I must say, in conclusion, that my regiment was one of the very last to leave the grounds. For the gallantry of my entire regiment, they behaved as officers and soldiers in such a cause.

The casualties of my regiment are as follows:* Killed, 5; wounded, 61; missing, 9. Total 75.

Very respectfully,

E. L. MOTTLEY,

Major, Commanding Eleventh Kentucky Volunteers.

Colonel BENJAMIN C. GRIDER,

Commanding First Brigade, Third Division.

Numbers 153. Reports of Major Charles F. Manderson, Nineteenth Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. NINETEENTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY.

Field, near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 6, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I transmit you the following report of the participation of the Nineteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, U. S. Army (Charles F. Manderson, major commanding), in the action in front of Murfreesborough, on Wednesday December 31, 1862:

On the morning of that date the regiment was under arms in double column, between the Murfreesborough turnpike and Chattanooga and Nashville Railroad, being the right of the front line of the Third Division, left wing. By order of Colonel Samuel Beatty, commanding First Brigade, after deploying column and loading, we moved by the right flank to the left, crossing Stone's River at the ford, and forming line (after throwing Companies A and K out as skirmishers), with the right

---------------

*Stated by companies in the original.

---------------

38 R R-VOL XX, PT I

