
resting about 100 yards from the river, the Ninth Kentucky Volunteers, which were first formed on our right, being moved to the left.

About 10 o'clock we were ordered to recall our skirmishers and recross the river, which being done we moved by the right flank across the open space between the railroad and pike, amid the greatest confusion of retreating batteries, men, teams, and ambulances. At this point General Rousseau ordered the regiment to move across the turnpike,and form line in the woods skirting the west of the pike. From this position we were immediately ordered by Colonel Beatty to march by the left flank back to the railroad, and then by the right flank back to our former position, in the last-named woods, under a fire by which we lost several men.

This scene was one of disorder and panic. Regiment after regiment swept through our lines in the greatest confusion; but through it all our men preserved an unbroken front, and when the pursuing enemy came within 75 or 100 yards, and our front was clear of the retreating and broken columns, at the order to fire by file, poured most destructive volleys into the foe, breaking his lines in disorder.

General Rousseau, who was in the rear of the right of the regiment cheering our men with his presence and words, then ordered a charge, and our regiment with fixed bayonets, supported by the Ninth Kentucky Volunteers on our left, and the Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers in our rear, drove the foe in splendid style for about one-fourth of a mile, when, our ammunition running low,, the front line wheeled into column, and the Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers passed through to the front. The regiment, then forming the second line, in the rear of the Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers, advanced for about three-fourths of a mile to an open field, where we were separated from our front line by a cedar thicket.

We were here but a few minutes when our right support gave way, and left our regiment greatly exposed to a flanking fire. I sent word twice to Colonel Beatty that the enemy had flanked our position in great force, but received no order. The regiment was suffering most terribly from the fire, and, seeing the enemy within 50 yards of our right and in position to destroy us, I ordered a change of front to the right and rear. Our men, while executing the movement, were thrown into temporary disorder by the scattered regiments on our right pouring through the line, but gathered on the instant, formed an excellent line in good position, and fired with such precision, that, with the aid of a battery of artillery in our rear and left, we held the ground and drove the foe from the open field in our front. Being now entirely out of ammunition, an suffering loss from the fire of our own artillery, we moved by the right flank into the woods, and formed line on the left of the Second Brigade, Colonel Fyffe commanding, the second battalion of the Pioneer Corps supporting us on the left. We were here supplied with ammunition by Captain Wood assistant inspector-general, Third Division, and threw out skirmishers, who met no enemy.

About 4 o'clock we were relieved by the First Brigade, First Division, Colonel Walker commanding; bivouacked where we were until midnight, when we were ordered by Colonel Beatty to report to him on the left of the railroad.

Our loss in this action is as follows, viz: Killed, 1 officer and 11 enlisted men; total, 12. Wounded, 1 officer and 66 enlisted men; total, 67. Missing,, 3 enlisted men. Total loss, 82 men. I subjoin as accurate a list as it is possible at this time to gather.

My men behaved with the utmost bravery and coolness. Senior Captain

