
At the same time Colonel Grider, bearing the colors of the Ninth Kentucky Volunteers, crossed with another party, and these flags, with two belonging to other regiments, rallied under their folds an indiscriminate mass of men and officers of the Third Division, which, supported by fresh troops that had been ordered to the conflict, drove back, in terrible confusion the columns of the enemy, victorious but a moment before. The colors of the Nineteenth Ohio and Ninth Kentucky were placed on three pieces of the enemy's artillery, which were captured and brought into our lines by squads composed of the different regiments and brigades of the division. After this magnificent scene of individual heroism, the different detachments of the regiment formed on the same ground we occupied in the morning, and bivouacked that night.

Again we have the regret the loss of brave officers and men. Captain Urwin Bean, of Company E; First Lieutenant Job D. Bell, commanding Company C,and Sergt. Major Lyman Tylee were killed while gallantly performing their duties. First Lieutenant Aurora C. Keel, of Company F, was severely wounded; Second Lieutenant William A. Sutherland, of Company H, slightly. Captain William H. Allen, of Company F, rendered most valuable and efficient aid as a field officer. All the line officers vied with each other in deeds of courage.

I wish particularly to note the gallant bearing of First Lieutenant Charles Brewer, adjutant; Second Lieutenant Albert Upson, commanding Company K, and Sergt. Jason Hurd, commanding Company G. But all have done their duty,and the unpleasant task is not mine to record any acts of cowardice in the Nineteenth Ohio Regiment.

I annex a list of killed, wounded, and missing.*

In this action we had killed 2 officers and 13 enlisted men; total killed, 15. Wounded, 2 officers and 56 enlisted men; total wounded, 58. Missing (supposed prisoners), 31 enlisted men.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES F. MANDERSON,

Major Commanding Nineteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteers.

Lieutenant W. H. H. SHEETS,

A. A. G., First Brigadier Third Div., Left Wing,

Fourteenth Army Corps, Dept. of the Cumberland.

Numbers 154. Report of Colonel James P. Fyffe, Fifty-ninth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION,ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND, LEFT WING,

January 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I herewith transmit my report of the operations of the Second Brigade in front of Murfreesborough, where it arrived with he balance of the left wing December 29, 1862,up to January 3, 1863.

December 30, the brigade was under arms in close column of division all day; considerable firing in the afternoon in the direction of the right wing.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

