
Numbers 3.

Reports of General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Tennessee.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., November 9, 1862.

We had a brisk skirmish with the enemy near Nashville on the 5th, killing and wounding about 100. Our loss very slight. Destroyed a large number of cars, engines, water-tanks and bridges on Nashville and Louisville road. Brigadier-General Forrest was in command. Enemy is re-enforcing. Our forces are moving up. I leave to-morrow for the front.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

General S. Cooper,

Adjutant and Inspector General .

Numbers 4.

Report of Brigadier General Nathan B. Forrest, C. S. Army, commanding cavalry.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, La Vergne, Tenn., November 6, 1862.

GENERAL: Agreeably to orders received, I moved my commands on the night of the 4th instant in the direction of Nashville, distributing them as follows: Colonel John T. Morgan's regiment [Fifty-first Alabama], of Partisan Rangers, and Captain W. C. Bacot's battalion, Forrest's regiment, to the right of the Murfreesborough pike, with instructions to move forward on the Lebanon, Stone's River, and Chicken pikes, and to drive in the Abolitionists' pickets at daylight, which was done agreeably to orders and in gallant style, killing and wounding several, with the loss of 1 man killed and 2 horses wounded. Lieutenant-Colonel [A. A.] Russell, Partisan Rangers, on Murfreesborough pike, followed by Colonels [J. B.] Palmer's and [R. W.] Handson's brigades, with four batteries of artillery, commanded by Major [R. E.] Graves, after proceeding to Dogtown, 3 1/2 miles from Nashville, encountered the Abolitionists' pickets, at which place he (Colonel Russell) was ordered to dismount his command, press forward, and drive in the pickets. He succeeded in driving them to their first line of fortifications with considerable firing for 1 1/4 miles. I here found them in some force behind a brush and log fortification around a high on right of pike. Here they made a stand, but after a short resistance [I] drove them from their position and gained the hill, at which place I planted my rifle battery of our pieces and opened fire on Jones' Hill, 1 1/2 miles distant. At this time the firing was heard from Colonel [John T.] Morgan, at Edgefield. About the same time Colonel [James W.] Starnes opened fire on the Nolesville pike, he having been ordered, with Colonel [G. G.] Dibrell's regiment, Major [D. C.] Douglass' battalion, Captains [S. L.] Freeman's and [Franklin] Roberts' batteries,to the left of Murfreesborough pike, down the Nolensville, Mill Creek, and Franklin pikes. The engagement now became general, Captains Freeman's and Robert's batteries having opened from Nolesville pike a vigorous fire on Saint Cloud's Hill. The firing was kept up until 10 o'clock, when I withdrew my forces.

Our loss in this action was 3 killed, 10 wounded, and 5 missing. Loss of Abolitionists, 15 killed, 20 prisoners, and supposed 20 wounded, one shell from Nolensville pike killing 5 in fortifications.

I then moved Colonels Starnes' and Dibrell's regiments and Captain

