
officers and men of my command throughout the trying ordeal of so many days' fighting. My acting assistant adjutant-general, C. F. King; J. B. Temple, aide-de-camp; Captain Charles A. Sheaf, provost-marshall; Lieutenant Joseph Dancer, inspector, who was severely wounded in the last day's fight, and Orderlies H. J. Higgins, E. D. Thomas, members of my staff, are entitled to much credit for their conduct on the field. Colonel Williams, Lieutenant-Colonel Aldrich, and Joseph C. Hodges, adjutant, of the Forty-fourth Indiana; Colonel J. G. Hawkins (killed in the first day's fight while gallantly doing his duty); Major Jarvis, upon whom the command devolved after the fall of Colonel Hawkins,and Adjt. T. B. George; Lieutenant-Colonel Howard, Major Frambes, Adjutant Holter, of the Fifty-ninth Ohio; Colonel Dick and Major Dresser, of the Eighty-sixth Indiana (severely wounded in the engagement of the first day), are deserving of particular notice.

Colonel Hamilton, although unacquainted with military matters, was present, assisting all in this power; also Surgs. Martin Hays and Gordon, with the assistance of the brigade band, inn getting and attending to the wounded, in which Gus. Penn was shot dead, and

Dougherty, both of the band, badly wounded; for their good conduct they are especially noticed. Lieutenants Kibler and Woods attracted my attention by their gallantry while in command of the skirmishers on the cedar ridge. I will also notice the gallantry and death of color-bearer, Sergeant Wood, shot dead, with the flag in his hand on the first day's fight; also of Nelson Shields,, who seized the colors, and bore them aloft, upon the fall of the color-sergeant, until wounded himself, when he delivered them to Private Loyd; all of the Thirteenth Ohio. I also notice Color-Bearers Benjamin Snellinger and Nathan Coffenberry, of the Eighty-sixth Indiana, who were both shot down (the first killed instantly, the latter mortally wounded) in the fight of the first day. Both of these flags were lost. I also notice the good conduct of Sergeants Ely and Thomas Hayden, of the Fifty-ninth Ohio, who, on the last day's fight, were raised in the air by a cannon ball plowing the earth beneath their feet, and thrown violently to the earth.

I recommend that William Brown, of Company B, Fifty-ninth Ohio, who captured the prisoners above referred to, and Nelson Shields of the Thirteenth Ohio, who saved his regimental flag, as proper persons to receive,each, one of the medals ordered to be prepared by Congress for those who particularly distinguish themselves in battle.

In closing this report, I wish also to tender my thanks to Major Lyne Starling, adjutant-general on General Crittenden's staff, for words of encouragement and cheer to a portion of my command when hard pressed on the cedar ridge in the first day's fight; and also to express my gratitude to our commander-in-chief, General Rosecrans, for the same favor at the place and about the same time.

All of which is respectfully submitted, together with the reports of the different regimental commanders, appropriately marked, with a corrected account of the killed, wounded, and missing, which foot up. Officers killed, 4; wounded, 15; missing, 2. Enlisted men killed, 75; wounded, 251 officers missing, 2; enlisted men, 166. Total, 513.*

JAMES P. FYFFE.

Colonel, Comdg. 2nd Brig., 3rd Div., Left Wing, 14th Army Corps.

Captain E. A. OTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 213.

---------------

