
regiment fell back to a high piece of ground, near a house on the hill, some 100 rods to the rear, where we again made a stand, again rallied with other troops, and drove the enemy from the field, retaking and holding our former position. Our loss here was 1 private wounded.

Captains Frazee, of Company A; Dick, of Company C; Lieutenants Hixson, of Company D, and Gillilan, of Company I, were wounded in the fight of the first day and compelled to remain at the hospital.

I take pleasure in saying that Captain Philip Gemmer was present with his command during the whole of the different actions, rendering efficient service and aid.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. F. DICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighty-sixth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Colonel JAMES P. FYFFE,

Comdg. Second Brig., Third Div., Army of the Cumberland.

Numbers 157. Report of Major Dwight Jarvis, jr., Thirteenth Ohio Infantry.

JANUARY --, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by the Thirteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the series of battles before Murfreesborough, Tenn., commencing December 30, 1862, and terminating January 3, 1863:

On Wednesday, at 8 a. m., our regiment, under command of Colonel Joseph G. Hawkins, was ordered in from outpost duty, and took our place in line. Soon after, we started for the south side of Stone's River, but got but a short distance when, by your orders, we countermarched at double-quick a distance of about 1 mile, to a corn-field on the right of the Murfreesborough road, to repel an attack of cavalry upon our train. Our lines were here formed, my regiment occupying the right of the Second Brigade. The enemy being driven from the field by our cavalry and artillery, my regiment was not engaged, and about 10 o'clock, under your directions, took a position in the woods south of the corn-field.

My regiment was now ordered to cover the Fifty-ninth Ohio, which, with the Forty-fourth Indiana, formed the first line of attack, my regiment, with the Eighty-sixth Indiana, on its right, forming the second line. In consequence of the unevenness of the ground and the density of the thicket, it was difficult to keep our lines properly, but, on emerging from the woods into the open field beyond, we advanced regularly to the edge of the next woods. The first line having advanced some 20 yards into the woods, my regiment was ordered to lie down. Now it became evident that the enemy was attempting to outflank us upon the right; and this was reported to you, but just at that moment our first line was attacked, and it was compelled to fall back in some disorder and over my men, who were lying down close to the fence.

At this moment our gallant colonel fell, mortally wounded, while encouraging the men to keep cool and to fire low; and the command devolved upon myself. I held the position until the enemy completely outflanked us, and was then compelled to fall back in disorder to the line of reserves, where I rallied my command, and this time drove the enemy back, they now being in the open field, while we had the advan-

