
tage of the cover of the woods. We inflicted considerable loss upon them in killed and wounded, besides capturing some 30 prisoners.

My loss in this engagement was quite severe, Colonel J. G. Hawkins and Second Lieutenant J. C. Whitaker being killed, together with 27 enlisted men. Captain E. M. Mast, Lieutenants John Murphy, John E. Ray, S. C. Gould, John Fox (since dead), and Thomas J. Stone were wounded, and 68 enlisted men, besides 39 missing.

No other movement of importance in which my regiment participated occurred until Friday, January 2, when we occupied the extreme left of our lines on the south side of Stone River, having taken our position the day previous under your immediate supervision.

On the morning of the 2nd my skirmishers were thrown forward, and by their vigilance I was enabled to report to you the movements of the enemy and the probability of an attack, as the enemy were massing troops on our right and artillery had moved to my front.

At 3 p. m. the firing of the skirmishers on the right plainly indicated the enemy's advance, and in half an hour after their infantry engaged the brigade on our right, their lines being formed diagonally to our front. My regiment was not exposed to the infantry; but a battery opened upon our front with grape and canister, so that I was compelled to order a retrograde movement, which was executed in as good order as was possible. At about 300 yards I made a stand again, but by this time their battery occupied our former position in line, and we were ordered to fall back to the other side of the river, which was done in good order. Our loss in this engagement was 10 enlisted men wounded and 30 missing.

The following exhibits a detailed account of my casualties in both engagements, viz: Killed--Colonel J. G. Hawkins, Second Lieutenant J. C. Whitaker; enlisted men, 29. Wounded-Captain E. M. Mast; First Lieutenants John Murphy, John E. Ray, and Samuel C. Gould; Second Lieutenants John Fox (since died) and Thomas J. Stone; enlisted men, 79. Missing-69. Aggregate loss in killed, wounded, and missing, 185.

Respectfully submitted.

D. JARVIS, Jr.,

Major, Comdg. Thirteenth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Colonel JAMES P. FYFFE,

Comdg. 2nd Brig., 3rd Div., Left Wing, 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 158. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Howard, Fifty-ninth Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. FIFTY-NINTH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY, Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit to you the report of the Fifty-ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, of your command, of the battles from December 31, 1862, to January 3, 1863.

On the morning of that day my command was formed at 4 o'clock, in accordance with previous orders, and, with the balance of the brigade, started at 8 o'clock to take position on the left, when we received orders to march immediately to defend the wagon train against the attack of the enemy, which was done with promptness, and they were driven back with loss, and the whole train was saved.

We then received orders to march back and take position on the right

