
which order was executed in excellent style until the enemy, by his terrible discharges of musketry and artillery and the weight of his columns, bore down and threw into disorder our whole lines, when we were thrown back in confusion, but succeeded in again rallying our line at a fence in our rear; but all in vain, for no human power of our strength could withstand such a force.
But about that time the scene was destined to change. Our artillery and musketry opened upon their advancing ranks and columns with fearful destruction, but still he moved steadily forward. At that time every officer in my command seemed aroused to a sudden sense of duty, and dashed in to rally what he could for a grand stand, without reference to a general rallying of the regiment, and went into this terrible battle, Major Frambes taking command of one wing, Adjutant Holter of another, and each officer with all he could gather; and at that time the fight became terribly fearful, and the enemy was turned and thrown into complete confusion, and was driven, with awful slaughter, from the field. And I am proud to say that every officer and soldier in my command did his whole duty, and we gained, on that day, a magnificent victory.

We lost, during the several battles from December 31 to January 3, in killed, 3; wounded, 37, and we had 45 missing, very few of whom were captured by the enemy, many of them being ordered to guard the train to Nashville.

My command in the several battles captured 56 prisoners, among whom were 1 captain and 1 lieutenant. We commenced these battles with 291 officers and soldiers, and we have now for duty 206 officers and men. I had 2 officers wounded and there are 2 missing. It is due to my command to state that one part of them assisted in taking the battery which was captured.

I cannot close this report without awarding due praise to my officers, and in doing this I must name them here, so that the world may know who have actually played a prominent part in these splendid victories before Murfreesborough, that must electrify the world, and cause every true Union man's heart to thrill for joy. I can, under all circumstances, rely upon Major Frambes, who was everywhere present in the very hottest of the battle, fearless of his own safety. He deserves his country's praise. Adjutant Holter, amid showers of bullets, carried my every order to any part of the field, regardless of his own safety. Let his country do him justice. Lieutenants Woods and Kibbler deserve to be remembered by those who may live after them. Captains Vanosdol and Sargent, and Lieutenants Stevens and Smith can be relied upon in any emergency; and it was truly a source of pleasure to me to see Captain L. J. Egbert move steadily forward in battle. He deserves his country's honor. Lieutenant John O'Connor, after being severely wounded in the hand, bound it up himself, and he continued in command until night, at which time he had his finger amputated, and was compelled to leave the field. The name of such a patriot will live after him. Captain Hill was severely wounded in the face, and was compelled to retire. A better officer I do not want.

My surgeons, Drs. Hays and Gordon, have my sincerest thanks for their prompt attention to the wounded.

Companies F, G, and H were commanded by Sergts. Jesse Ellis, Cohen, Hawkins, and Riley, each of whom deserves a commission, because they fairly earned them.

My color-bearers did not allow their flags to trail in the dust, but brought them safely from the field. In a word, I am perfectly satisfied

