
with my whole command, and believe the Fifty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry has, in those four terrible days, faithfully discharged its duty, and deserves the country's admiration and esteem.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM HOWARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Fifty-ninth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

JAMES P. FYFFE,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 159. Report of Colonel Samuel W. Price, Twenty-first Kentucky Infantry,

commanding Third Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, LEFT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, January 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part the Third Brigade, which I command (composed of the Fifty-first Ohio, Eighth and Twenty-first Kentucky, Thirty-fifth Indiana, and the Ninety-ninth Ohio Infantry Regiments), took in the action near Murfreesborough since the 31st ultimo:

On the morning of December 31, my brigade was ordered from the position it held on the north of the Nashville and Murfreesborough Railroad, across and on the east side of Stone's River, crossing the river at a ford about 1 mile below where the railroad bridge crosses it. At the top of the hill, and about half a mile distant from the river, on the east side, I formed my brigade on the left of the First Brigade, then commanded by Colonel Samuel Beatty. No sooner had I thus formed the brigade than an order came from Brigadier-General Van Cleve, then commanding the Third Division, for my brigade to cross the river at the same ford, and for me to arrange it so as to overlook and command the ford. I accordingly recrossed, and stationed the brigade on the crest of the hill, the Eighth Kentucky Regiment on the right of the front line, Third Wisconsin Battery (commanded by Lieutenant Livingston) on the left of the Eighth Kentucky, Fifty-first Ohio on the left of the artillery, and Thirty-fifth Indiana Regiment on the left of the Fifty-first Ohio. The second or rear line was formed by the Twenty-first Kentucky and Ninety-ninth Ohio Regiments, Twenty-first Kentucky on the right, and the Ninety-ninth Ohio on the left.

During the entire day severe fighting was going on with the right wing and the center. The battle-field was perfectly visible from the position I held, and although frequently in range of the enemy's cannon, and exposed at times to their bursting shells and solid shot, the men and officers of my command were perfectly cool and composed, and remained in ranks and conducted themselves as became soldiers and officers.

About 2 p. m. 300 or 400 rebel cavalry appeared on the east and opposite side of the river, and made a dash at a number of Government wagons containing camp equipage. Before they reached the wagons, Lieutenant Livingston, ever vigilant and prompt in the performance of his duties, opened a sharp fire of artillery on them, killing 3 of them and somewhat confusing the remainder. Notwithstanding, they suc-

