
about two minutes ready for action; received orders from Captain Piepho, commanding the One hundred and eighth Regiment, to march my company at double-quick to the right, and join Company A. I arrived, deployed on the right, and formed the reserve with part of my company. I noticed on my right,on the ridge, two companies of cavalry (the Second Indiana and Eleventh Kentucky). The enemy at this time had formed line of battle in the open stubble-field. We opened fire on them; they repeated with musketry and cannon. At this time I noticed one section of our artillery firing about four or five shots. At the commencement of the firing, our cavalry on the ridge gave way and ran to camp; that unmasked the right wing of our skirmish line, and we had to fall back about 100 yards, in order that they could not outflank us. At this instant I noticed one of the regiments fire one volley and retreat in confusion. I could not say what regiment this was, but I think the One hundred and sixth Ohio. At this time the Second Indiana Cavalry Regiment took post on the left of the main column, awaiting orders, when the enemy brought their artillery to bear on our column in the open field. The main column gave way at this time in confusion, and retreated to the camp of the One hundred and fourth Illinois, when the rebels came over the open field and fired very rapidly, when Colonel A. B. Moore, commanding the Thirty-ninth Brigade, ordered the white flag to be raised, and surrendered. I, at this time, was with our skirmishers, when I heard from one of the orderlies that the brigade had surrendered, with the artillery.

We then marched our men (about 150) to the right, about three-quarters of a mile, to the creek running through Hartsville; found it to be frozen over, which a thin skim of ice not strong enough to bear us crossing it. I wanted to countermarch down the stream about a quarter of a mile to where a small bridge crossed, when the rebel cavalry came up and demanded our surrender.

Among us were the major and two or three officers of the One hundred and sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry; also Captain Piepho, commanding One hundred and eighth Regiment, and three lieutenants of the One hundred and eighth. When the major of the One hundred and sixth Regiment stepped up and acknowledged the surrender, and marched his men to camp, I fell to the rear of our men, and tried to escape, when I was halted by one of the cavalry, asking where I was going. I told him that I was going up to my men to surrender, and I followed the man until I came within 5 or 6 paces of the men going to camp. I met three officers of the One hundred and eighth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, asking me if I did not want to make my escape. I told them to come on, and we started back about 20 paces, when we met Captain Piepho, who asked where we were going; we told him that we were going to try to make our escape, when he told us there was no use to try to make our escape, as the enemy was all around us.

While we were standing there and talking over the matter, we were hailed by some 20 cavalry. They demanded our revolvers and swords, and then marched us to camp. When near camp we got scattered among the horses of the rebels, when I was asked by one of the rebel officers whether we were prisoners (myself and Lieutenant Hebel, of Company A). I told him that we were. He then told me that we had to go to the river and cross. I then asked if I could go up to camp and get my books, &amp;c. He told me that I could not; that he wanted us to cross immediately, as he feared the Yankees would come; so we started to go to the river. When I got near the river I stepped to the right about

