
the enemy's battery. The boys of the Fifty-first claim one piece, their comrades of the Thirty-fifth another. To do justice, I think your entire brigade was freely represented in the capture of these pieces. Where 272 men stand unflinchingly, for forty-three minutes, a combined fire of musketry and artillery at close range, it is certainly hard to give to any one a pre-eminence for gallantry. I had but few officers with me; each and every one had some peculiar tact of excellence, some one splendid soldierly virtue.

In conclusion, I feel obliged to call attention to the splendid conduct of my adjutant, John Scully. His escape was a miracle, freely exposing himself, and cheering the men throughout the action to deeds of valor. Serg. Major Robert Stockdale fought desperately, but coolly; he deserves particular mention, not only for his conduct on this field, but for the faithful and cheerful manner he has ever performed his duties. To Dr. Averdick, my surgeon, I must acknowledge valuable services; brave and defiant on the field, he is kind and attentive in the hospital wards. Quartermaster Igoe was on the field, attentive to the wounded, using every effort to have them carefully transported to the rear. By 10 o'clock that night not a wounded man of the Thirty-fifth could be found on the field. To Father Cooney, our chaplain, too much praise cannot be given. Indifferent as to himself, he was deeply solicitous for the temporal comfort and spiritual welfare of us all. On the field he was cool and indifferent to danger, and in the name of the regiment I thank him for his kindness and laborious attention to the dead and dying.

B. F. MULLEN,

Colonel Thirty-fifth Indiana.

Colonel S. W. PRICE,

Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 161. Report of Major Green B. Broaddus, Eighth Kentucky Infantry,

of engagement January 2.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS, January 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Eighth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers in the battle of January 2, near Murfreesborough:

On January 1 we took position near the crest of a hill, the Fifty-first Ohio being on our right and the Thirty-fifth Indiana on our left. Nothing of special interest occurred until the morning of the 2nd, when brisk skirmishing began along the whole line, and continued until about 2 o'clock, when the enemy advanced with infantry and artillery. The battle soon became general, and, the enemy pressing hard upon the Fifty-first Ohio, forced them to retire, giving the enemy an opportunity to gain our right flank and rear, which they lost no time in accomplishing. Both men and officers of my regiment fought with becoming bravery, coolness, and determination until flanked on the right and left; and, seeing no chance to stay the onward course of the enemy, we retired to the opposite side of the river just in time to save our capture.

Captain John B. Banton, of Company F, was killed early in the action,

