
while gallantly commanding a line of skirmishers. We lost 7 killed on the field, 7 officers wounded, 2 of whom have since died; 69 men wounded, 12 of whom have since died, and 27 missing.

Very respectfully,

G. B. BROADDUS,

Major, Commanding Eighth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers.

Colonel STANLEY MATTHEWS,

Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 162. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James C. Evans, Twenty-first Kentucky Infantry,

of engagement January 2.

HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS, Near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 3, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to your orders, I took my position, with the rest of the brigade, on Thursday morning (1st), on the Murfreesborough side of Stone's River, the Fifty-first Ohio, Eighth Kentucky, and Thirty-fifth Indiana in the first line, running nearly north and south fronting east, and my regiment and the Ninety-ninth Ohio in the second line; my regiment in rear of the Fifty-first, the Ninety-ninth in rear of the Thirty-fifth. During that day nothing of importance occurred, save the continual firing of the skirmishers.

On Friday (2nd), Companies F and D, of my regiment, were ordered out on the extreme left of the division, as skirmishers, and Company B on the right, next to the river. During the fight of that day, Companies F and D did not come under my observation, but I am assured by Captain Evans, who commanded the two companies, that the men behaved like true soldiers. Special mention was made of the coolness and bravery of Lieutenant Frederick Temple, commanding Company D. All the morning the skirmishing continued. About 1 p. m. the rebel artillery commenced throwing shells among us, greatly to our annoyance. At this time our artillery was withdrawn to the opposite side of the river, to the astonishment of all. It seems that our little brigade had been forgotten, or was left there all alone to be sacrificed, in order to draw the enemy on, which latter turned out to be the case.

Near 3 o'clock the rebel column advanced. I could see Company B, as they slowly fell back, fighting with the coolness and courage of veterans. On they came, and when within 30 or 40 yards of our line the Fifty-first and Eighth arose and poured into them a destructive fire. These two regiments fought like tigers-longer, too, than could have been expected under the circumstances. I, being interested in the fight in front, failed to notice the rebels advancing around our right, until they completely flanked us. By this time the Eighth and Fifty-first were driven back, and I at once ordered my men to rise and fall back, but to fight as they went, which they did.

We were driven back some 200 yards, to the bed of the river, where I rallied my men, but was ordered by Colonel Beatty, who commanded the division, to cross the river, and rally the men behind the batteries. We crossed, but, owing to the firing of our artillery and the fresh troops coming into line, my men were so scattered that it was impossible to rally all of them together; but I am glad to state that they all rallied

