
iment during the engagement: Killed, 24; wounded, 122; missing, 44.

Total, 190.

The following is a list of those especially noted for gallantry and ungallantry:

For gallant conduct: Sergts. Thomas Rodgers (color-bearer) and William Barnes, Company H; Privates Jesse T. Beachler, Company A; M. Morgan, John G. Fox, and John Hilliker, Company F; N. Jones and Theophilus Phillips, Company H, and Nathan A. Carpenter, Company I.

For ungallantry: First Sergt. William A. Himes, Company A; Privates Jacob Lenhart and Martin Hart, Company F.

Great praise is due both officers and soldiers for the manner in which they sustained the first charge of the enemy, and, although compelled to fall back, being pressed by superior numbers, still greater praise is due them for rallying with the advance, and assisting to drive the enemy from the field.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

R. W. McCLAIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Fifty-first Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Colonel STANLEY MATTHEWS,

Commanding Third Brigade, Third Division, Left Wing.

Numbers 164. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John E. Cummins, Ninety-ninth Ohio Infantry,

of engagement January 2.
HDQRS. NINETY-NINTH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY, Near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 24, 1863.

SIR: The following is a copy of my remarks accompanying my report of killed, wounded, and missing of this regiment in the battle of Stone's River, which report was made on the 4th day of January, 1863:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report:

* * * * * *

The Ninety-ninth Regiment went into action on January 2 with 369 men, rank and file.

The regiment lost, as the foregoing shows, 1 commissioned officer and 11 enlisted men, killed; 3 commissioned officers and 41 enlisted men, wounded; 1 commissioned officer and 35 enlisted men are missing. Of this number some are known to have been wounded on the field, and some to be prisoners in the hands of the enemy.

After the regiment was compelled to fall back, I found that, with but few exceptions, the men rallied and went back into the action. The conduct of the officers and men of the regiment was all that could be asked, and I might to injustice to some to mention particular instances of good conduct. Colonel Swaine, who was in command, and is wounded and absent from the regiment, sends back word that he was well satisfied with the conduct of all the officers and men of his command, and that they obeyed every order which he gave, with promptness.

J. E. CUMMINS,Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Ninety-ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel PRICE,

Commanding Third Brigade, Third Division, Left Wing.

There are several inaccuracies in the report made at that time. It should have reported 12 enlisted men and 1 commissioned officer killed; 1 commissioned officer and 29 enlisted men missing.

J. E. CUMMINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Ninety-ninth Ohio.

Colonel STANLEY MATTHEWS,

Commanding Third Brigade, Third Division.

