
5 paces, followed by Lieutenant Hebel. Then I told the lieutenant to stand still for a few minutes until I got away. Then I leaped off the bank in a by-road leading to the ford; walked quick time down the river, when I met 1 cavalryman with 2 wounded rebels on a cart, with a negro driving the cart. They seemed to be in dispute about something-the road, I think. I told them that they were on the wrong road to ford the river, and that they had to go to the upper road to ford the river, ran up the ravine, and got under the roots of a tree, followed by the lieutenant. Remained there until our re-enforcements came up-the Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel Harlan. Just at the time the rebels had the trains over the river he ordered the artillery up. The artillery was brought to bear ont he rear of the rebels, they replying twice, and then left. A company of the Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry followed and recaptured 3 wagons, loaded with muskets.

Our killed numbered about 80; wounded, about 120.* About 30 or 40 of the rebels were killed, and about 100 wounded.

Our men acted bravely, but the commander of the brigade not being competent to command, caused the defeat, I think.

JOSEPH GOOD,

Captain Company B, One hundred and eighth Regiment Ohio Vols.

No. 13. Reports of General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Tennessee, with instructions to Brigadier-General Morgan, and congratulatory orders.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., December 8, 1862.

An expedition sent under Acting Brig. General John H. Morgan attacked an outpost of the enemy at Hartsville, on the Cumberland, yesterday morning, killed and wounded 200, captured 1,800 prisoners, two pieces of artillery, and 2,000 small-arms, and all other stores at the position. On the previous day a small foraging train was captured by General Wheeler, near Nashville, with 50 prisoners, and ont he 5th Colonel [P. D.] Roddey, Alabama cavalry, also captured a train near Corinth with its escorts and a number of negroes. Our loss at Hartsville was about 125 killed and wounded; none at either of the other places.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 22, 1862.

SIR: Having been informed by Acting Brig. General John H. Morgan, whose cavalry brigade covered my front in the direction of Hartsville, Tenn., that the enemy's force at that point was somewhat isolated, I yielded to his request and organized an expedition under him for their attack.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.45.

---------------

