
upon Nashville, Tenn., flankers, vedettes, couriers, engaging the enemy daily on the right flank. For the details of each engagement, I beg leave to refer you to the reports herewith. Some few incidents which could not well have fallen under the eye of the brigade commanders, having occurred under my immediate notice, I beg leave to append.

When the enemy charged upon our right wing, scattering a few regiments, which stampeded to the rear, I received orders from Major-General Rosecrans in person to collect all the cavalry at my command, and proceed to rally the right wing and drive the enemy away. I found Colonel Murray, of the Third Kentucky, in command of about a squadron of men. With that we made our way to the right. We found a complete stampede-infantry, cavalry, and artillery rushing to the rear, and the rebel cavalry charging upon our retiring forces on the Murfreesborough pike.

Colonel Murray, with great intrepidity, engaged the enemy toward the skirts of the woods, and drove them in three charges. His men behaved like old veterans. Between his command and the field the space was filled with rushing rebel cavalry, charging upon our retreating cavalry and infantry, holding many of our soldiers as prisoners. I rallied the Third Ohio, some two companies, which was falling back, and formed it in the rear of a fence, where volley after volley had the effect of driving back the rebels upon the run, they (the Third Ohio) charging upon them effectually, thereby relieving the pike of their presence, saving the train, one piece of artillery, and rescuing from their grasp many of our men taken as prisoners. One of my staff, Lieutenant Rilley, being a prisoner in their hands, was released.

Lieutenant-Colonel Murray, of the Third Ohio, displayed energy, coolness, and courage upon this occasion in executing my orders. I also take great pride in mentioning the prompt manner with which my staff conveyed my orders in all these engagements.

Two of my orderlies displayed high order of chivalry. Jaggers charged upon two rebel cavalry, rescuing two men of the Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, who were being taken off as prisoners. The other, Farrish, shot two of the rebels and came to my rescue in a personal encounter with a rebel, who was in the act of leveling his pistol at my head; but he found a carbine leveled into his own face, and, at my order to surrender, he delivered his pistols, carbine, and horse to me. They both deserve promotion, and would make good officers.

The able, undaunted spirit and ability which Colonel Minty has displayed whenever coming under my eye, I take great satisfaction in noticing. The officers and men all displayed great self-sacrifice.

Major Wynkoop, of the Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Lieutenant Woolley, assistant adjutant-general of the First Brigade, carried out every order with unhesitating energy and will, displaying the highest order of gallantry.

Captain Otis, of the Fourth Regiment Cavalry, although he does not belong to my division, but being posted on the left wing of our skirmishers on the march on the Manchester road, I feel it my duty, as well as take great pleasure, in stating he is an able and efficient officer.

Brigadier General D. S. Stanley being in command of the forces pursuing the retiring rebels on this march, it fell to my lot to convey and see his orders executed. Before closing this report, it is my duty to make honorable mention of the meritorious conduct of Lieutenant Newell, commanding a section of artillery attached to my division. During the first day's engagement, near La Vergne, he placed his two pieces in well-selected grounds, and did great execution, killing 3 horses, dismounting

