
7, and scattering the rebel cavalry by his well and timely aimed shots. He has on several occasions displayed talents of the first order as an artillerist. It would not be amiss to state at this time that my entire command were short of rations, performing duty night and day in the wet fields, without shelter, exposed to the wet, cold, and hunger without a murmur.

Major Paramore, of the Third Ohio, displayed great presence of mind and determination in maintaining his position on the right flank with his battalion to cover an ammunition train long after the cavalry on his right had been driven away by the enemy's shells. I annex his report, all of which I respectfully submit for your review.

Your obedient servant,

JNumbers KENNETT,

Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Division.

Captain W. H. SINCLAIR.

Numbers 167. Report of Lieutenant Nathaniel M. Newell, Battery D, First Ohio Light Artillery,

of skirmishes near La Vergne and Stewart's Creek, December 26-January 1.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY D, FIRST OHIO ARTILLERY, Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 12, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: December 26, 1862, Colonel Kennett ordered me to move with the First Brigade, Colonel Minty, from camp, near Nashville, on Murfreesborough pike, toward La Vergne. Two miles from La Vergne we came upon a body of Confederate cavalry, and went into action, dispersing them after firing 4 rounds. We then moved forward a mile; we there took position on the pike and opened fire on a section of rebel artillery, distant about a mile. I fired 60 rounds, losing, during the action, 1 man killed-Private F. T. Coffin-and 1 horse disabled. I then moved into a field on the right of the pike and opened fire. The enemy retired from their position to the left and rear. I then moved to the left of the pike, and took position near a small church, from which position we fired until dark, silencing the enemy after a few rounds. That night I encamped with the brigade on the right of the pike and 1 mile back.

From the night of December 26 to the morning of January 1, I occupied different positions in and around La Vergne and Stewart's Creek.

On January 1, moved from Stewart's Creek to La Vergne with Colonel Dickinson, of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry, to re-enforce Colonel Innes, of the First Michigan Engineers and Mechanics, stationed near La Vergne. About 1 mile from that place I found Wheeler's rebel cavalry on the left of the pike. I went into action and drove them from the field, and then joined Colonel Innes' command, with whom I remained until the 9th instant.

On the 9th instant received orders to report to General Stanley, chief of cavalry, and by him was ordered to report to Colonel Kennett, and am now in camp on Manchester pike, near First Cavalry Brigade.

Very respectfully,N. M. NEWELL,

Lieutenant, Commanding Battery D, First Ohio Artillery.

Lieutenant M. B. CHAMBERLIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division.

