
in by a sergeant of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania. Captain Jennings, Seventh Pennsylvania, with his battalion, supported this movement.

At the same time I charged the first line in our front with the Fourth Michigan and First Tennessee, supported on the right by a fire from the Fifteenth Pennsylvania, and drove them from the field. The second line was formed on the far side of a lane, with a partially destroyed fence on each side of it, and still stood their ground. I reformed my men and again charged. The enemy was again broken and driven from the field.

Colonel Kennett, commanding First Cavalry Division, now arrived on the field with re-enforcements. I held the ground that night with the First Tennessee, Fifteenth Pennsylvania, and Fourth Michigan, picketing the whole of my first position.

A sergeant of the Seventh Pennsylvania, who was taken prisoner by the enemy, states that before we charged we had killed, 27, including many officers.

January 1, 2, and 3, had the brigade under arms all day, with two regiments on picket and skirmishing with the enemy's pickets.

Sunday, January 4, moved the brigade to Wilkinson's Cross-Roads, and bivouacked there for the night with the Fourth Cavalry.

Monday, January 5, marched through Murfreesborough and took the Manchester pike; 1 mile out met the enemy's pickets; reported to General Stanley, who ordered an advance, and took the lead himself with the Fourth Cavalry. After crossing a small creek, about 2 miles from Murfreesborough, the bridge over which had been destroyed, the enemy commenced shelling us. I sent the Third Kentucky well to the right and front and the Seventh Pennsylvania to the left, keeping the First and Second Tennessee and the Fourth Michigan in reserve. After some little delay, the general again ordered an advance. I placed the five companies, Fourth Michigan, on the right of the road, with one company advanced as skirmishers; the Third Kentucky on the right of the Fourth Michigan, and the First Tennessee on the right of the Third Kentucky, with the Second Tennessee in reserve. In this formation we advanced through a cedar wood with a dense undergrowth, rendering it almost impossible to force our way through. We had occasional skirmishing with the enemy, who continued to shell us as we advanced.

About 6 miles out we met the enemy in force; a sharp skirmish ensued. The Fourth Cavalry, First Tennessee Infantry, and Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry were chiefly engaged on our side. The enemy were driven from the field, and we returned within 1 1/2 miles of Murfreesborough and went into camp.

I beg to refer you to the reports of regimental commanders for particulars of operations of detached portions of the brigade.

Inclosed herewith I hand you a report of such officers and men as deserve special mention; also the report of casualties.

In explanation of the large number of missing reported by the Seventh Pennsylvania, I would call your attention to the fact that the entire of one battalion was deployed as a chain of vedettes in rear of our line of battle, where the right wing was driven back, and many of the men must have been captured by the enemy while endeavoring to drive up the straggling infantry. I have to call your particular attention to the reports of Colonel Murray, Captain Mix, and Lieutenant Eldridge.

Colonel Murray, with a handful of men, performed services that would do honor to a full regiment.

Captain Mix, with about 50 men, not only drove 200 of the enemy over

40 R R-VOL XX, PT I

