
2 miles, but he there held his position against' an entire regiment of rebel cavalry.

Lieutenant Eldridge, with 18 men, dismounted, attacked the enemy, routed them, and recaptured a wagon full of ammunition.

In the engagement of Wednesday, while leading his company in a charge, Captain Mix's horse was shot under him, and in the same charge Lieutenant Woolley, my acting assistant adjutant-general, was thrown from his horse, severely hurting his leg; notwithstanding which, he immediately remounted and continued to perform all his duties.

The brigade has captured and turned over 192 prisoners.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Division.

Lieutenant CHAMBERLIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division.

Numbers 169. Report of Captain Joseph A. S. Mitchell, Second Indiana Cavalry,

of operations near La Vergne, December 29-31.

NASHVILLE, TENN., January 2, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with your order, I reported to Captain Otis, chief of couriers, on the 29th ultimo, and that on the same date, by his direction, my men were posted on the Nashville and Murfreesborough road as couriers, commencing 9 miles from Nashville, and extending to the headquarters of Major-General Crittenden.

On the 31st ultimo, at 3 p. m., the enemy made a raid upon La Vergne, at which point I had made my headquarters, capturing from my command 1 lieutenant and 13 men, and making it necessary for two other courier posts to abandon their stations to prevent capture, all of which I immediately reported to Major-General Rosecrans the same evening. The places of my men were supplied from another command, and I proceeded to this place to collect the few men who still remained of my company. Those who were at General Crittenden's headquarters having been sent here as an escort with his headquarters train, I collected 17 men for duty and reported to Brigadier-General Mitchell, commanding the post, and, by his command, I have placed them as couriers between Nashville and La Vergne.

I have to report, besides the loss already mentioned, 15 Government horses, 10 mules, 2 wagons, all of the equipage, tents, &amp;c., of the company, 15 Colt's revolving pistols and holsters, 11 Colt's revolving rifles, 14 saddles, bridles, and halters, besides all of my own private baggage and personal effects.

Since occupying the present line, I have to report 1 man killed while bearing a dispatch.

I am, most truly, your obedient servant,

J. A. S. MITCHELL,

Captain, Commanding Company.

Colonel R. H. G. MINTY,

Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

