
cavalry coming to the field, took position on my left. Again the enemy made a dash, but was again repulsed. Near two hours afterward the enemy moved to the right. By order of Colonel Kennett we moved in that direction at the trot, again to find them about to attack the train; but after exchanging shots, and under fire from our artillery, again baffled in their design, withdrew. We took between 50 and 60 prisoners, killing and wounding about 25.

In the engagement the 80 men of my command drove from the field Wharton's brigade of rebel cavalry; saved the baggage and ammunition of a great part of our army; recaptured a portion of the Fifth Wisconsin Battery and a section of, I think, the First Ohio Battery, and, at least calculation, 800 of our men. From that time up to their retreat from Murfreesborough we held our position with the First Cavalry Brigade, under the direct orders of Colonel Minty, commanding.

In the pursuit on Manchester road, moving with the brigade about 1 mile from Murfreesborough, Captain Cummings, with a squadron, was sent out and discovered the enemy just before us. As the brigade moved, he was in advance and engaged the enemy all along. My command carried the right of the pike and had several engagements, exposed several times to the fire of the artillery, capturing 4 prisoners.

The casualties during the whole engagement were 1 killed, 6 wounded, and 1 missing.* Seven horses killed and 15 wounded.

I will make no mention of one officer above another. All did their duty, and led their men nobly to the action; and the men, their actions on the battle-field, are beyond what I could speak of them here. Not one of my command ran to the rear; all acted bravely. In all, we captured 87 prisoners.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. MURRAY,

Colonel Third Kentucky Cavalry.

JOHN WOOLLEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen., First Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 171. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William H. Dickinson, Fourth Michigan Cavalry,

including skirmish at La Vergne, January 1.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY, Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 8, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with an order of Colonel Minty, commanding First Cavalry Brigade, I submit the following report of the troops under my command since my separation from the main body of my regiment at the cross-roads near Stewart's Creek, on the Murfreesborough pike, December 31:

I remained there, by Colonel Minty's order, with two pieces of artillery and four companies of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry, viz, Companies A, D, G, and L, until the morning of January 1, when I was ordered by Colonel Burke, of the Tenth Ohio Infantry, to move with my command in the direction of La Vergne, to engage the enemy who had attacked our baggage train. On arriving within three-fourths of a mile of that place, we found the enemy attacking and burning our train. I

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

