
immediately ordered a part of my men to dismount and protect the two pieces of artillery under my command and the other to attack the enemy from the left. After a brisk fire of about half an hour, the enemy retired, leaving 15 killed and carrying off 15 wounded.

I was then ordered by Colonel Innes to patrol the pike between Stewart's Creek and La Vergne, both day and night, until January 4, when, by General Stanley's command, I escorted Quartermaster Dudley's train to Nashville and back here, where I arrived on the evening of the 7th instant.

On January 2, two prisoners were brought in by our pickets, whom I turned over to Captain Ward, of the Tenth Ohio, commanding detachment at Stewart's Creek. Inclosed you will find a report, made by Lieutenant Eldridge, who was for a few days in command of a separate detachment.

Yours,

W. H. DICKINSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

Lieutenant JOHN WOOLLEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 172. Report of Captain Frank W. Mix, Fourth Michigan Cavalry,

of skirmish at Stewart's Creek Bridge, December 27.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY, Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 8, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with your order, on December 27, 1862, I reported to General Palmer with four companies of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry, Companies H, E, L, and B.

I was ordered to take the advance of a brigade of infantry and one battery of artillery and move off on the Jefferson pike, to take and hold the bridge over Stewart's Creek, about 4 miles east of Murfreesborough pike. I sent Company E into the woods, to the left of the road, as skirmishers, and Company H to the right. When about 1 1/2 miles out on the road, our advance came upon their pickets. I immediately started with Companies L and B after them. We were then 2 1/2 miles from the bridge. At every rod their number increased, so that when we came to the bridge we were chasing about 200 of them. Captain Pritchard, with Company L, had the advance, and was so close to them when we crossed the bridge that some of them were pushed off the side of the bridge and taken prisoners.

As soon as we got possession of the bridge, I sent couriers back to hurry up the infantry. While we were waiting they attacked us in strong force, but our boys nobly stood their ground and repulsed them. We heard no report from the infantry. I sent another courier back, and he soon came back to me saying there was about 100 of them in our rear, between the infantry and my command. I then attempted to draw part of my command (Company L) back of the bridge, but I no sooner started them back than they came down on us like bees, yelling as if they had us sure. I had Company B, under Lieutenant Carter, posted on each side of the road, where they had a good sight of them. Company L came back to the bridge on double-quick, with the enemy

