
my men and advanced as skirmishers, leaving our horses under cover of a hill. I followed the enemy nearly half a mile, and retook one of our wagons loaded with ammunition, and then proceeded to join my regiment, under Colonel Dickinson.

L. B. ELDRIDGE,

First Lieutenant, Company K.

ADJUTANT FOURTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY.

Numbers 174. Report of Major John E. Wynkoop, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry,

ncluding skirmishes on the Murfreesborough road, December 26-27, at Overall's Creek, December 31, and on Manchester pike, January 5.

HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of December 26, 1862, I was ordered with my regiment to move on the Murfreesborough road, in rear of the First Cavalry Brigade, the First Cavalry Brigade being the advance of that portion of the Army of the Cumberland. After proceeding on the road about 6 miles, I was ordered with my entire command to the front, with instructions to use one-half in the advance and upon the right as a line of skirmishers, keeping the other half as a support. In this order we proceeded about 3 miles, when we commenced engaging the enemy, they falling back gradually 1 mile to a belt of wood, where they made a stubborn stand. Here there was considerable heavy firing, in which 3 of my men were wounded and 2 horses killed. I ordered one company to charge, which was done with promptness, and which caused the enemy to retire, we pressing and skirmishing with him until night came on.

The 27th was occupied in skirmishing on the left. No casualties in my regiment this day.

Sunday, December 28, but little skirmishing; my command chiefly in camp.

Monday, December 29, was ordered on the left of General Wood's division; throwing out a line of skirmishers to the left, moved with the line of battle. No casualties.

Tuesday, December 30, ordered to form a line of couriers from the extreme left, connecting with those on the right, keeping a reserve in the center, one upon the right center, and one upon the left center. These duties were performed by the Second and Third Battalions, commanded by myself, the First Battalion being with Colonel Minty upon a reconnaissance to La Vergne; the First Battalion commanded by Captain Jennings.

Wednesday, December 31, the First Battalion absent with Colonel Minty; the Second and Third continuing as vedettes and couriers until 9 a. m., when our right fell back, creating much consternation and disorder. My vedettes and line of couriers were compelled to retire, which was done in good order, the men rallying upon their chiefs.

My command being collected together, I used my utmost exertions to press the troops to the front, who were coming back in much confusion. Finding my endeavors almost useless, the greatest confusion prevailing, I dispatched a courier to General Rosecrans to know what position the cavalry should be assigned to. He directed me to take my

