
command to the rear, which I accordingly did, and remained in the rear until about 2 p. m., when I received an order from Colonel Kennett (commanding cavalry division) to bring my command upon the Murfreesborough pike, where a portion of the cavalry were engaging the rebel cavalry. We were thrown upon the front, and were for some time under a heavy fire from the enemy under cover. The officers and men here behaved with great coolness, and deserve much credit.

The First Battalion, under command of Captain Jennings, returned from La Vergne with General Stanley and Colonel Minty. Moving rapidly to the right and front, it took up position on the extreme right of our line. Dismounting, it met the advance of the rebels, and finally fell back. Mounting and reforming, the First Battalion took up a new position on the left of the rest of the cavalry. After a half hour's more fighting, darkness brought a cessation of the fighting.

The loss this day was 2 killed, 4 wounded, and 4 taken prisoners.

Thursday, January 1, I was ordered with my entire command upon the right to watch the movements of the enemy, who was continually moving upon the flank; considerable firing between the skirmishers, several of my horses being killed and wounded. This day my regimental train was burned by the enemy while en route for Nashville, having upon it all regimental books, papers, company property, camp equipage, officers' baggage, &amp;c.

Friday, January 2, was placed on the right to watch that flank. Much skirmishing all day. No casualties to-day. This evening went on picket in right and rear.

Saturday, January 3, on picket all day.

Sunday, January 4, relieved from picket. At 2 p. m. was ordered to move with the brigade to Wilkinson's Cross-Roads.

Monday, January 5, ordered to move in rear of brigade toward Murfreesborough; passed through Murfreesborough, 3 miles on Manchester road, when my command was ordered to the front. The position assigned me was on the left, where we immediately commenced engaging the enemy, which lasted with considerable severity for about one hour, we driving them from the ground they occupied to a belt of wood, where they are under cover. I had 1 sergeant wounded severely.

The loss in my regiment since leaving Nashville to the present time was as follows: Killed, 2; wounded, 9; prisoners and missing, 50. Total, 61.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers E. WYNKOOP,

Major, Commanding Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Lieutenant JOHN WOOLLEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 175. Reports of Colonel Lewis Zahm, Third Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade,

including skirmishes at Franklin, December 26-27, Wilkinson's Cross-Roads, December 29, Overall's Creek, December 31, La Vergne, January 1, Cox's Hill, January 3, and on Shelbyville pike, January 5.

HDQRS. 2nd CAV. BRIG., IN CAMP ON WILSON'S PIKE, Near Nolensville Crossing, December 27, 1862.

GENERAL: In compliance with orders received, I moved from our old camp at Nashville yesterday morning at 8 o'clock with the First, Third,

