
morning with my command and the Second East Tennessee, which reported to me that morning, via that road to the Franklin road, at which crossing we encountered the enemy's pickets and drove them in. Sent a party of the Fourth to reconnoiter on the road leading south to Salem, where they soon came upon a stronger force, and a brisk skirmish ensued. I increased the number of skirmishers, especially to the left, skirmished with the enemy for an hour or more, when a courier arrived, saying that the enemy was approaching with a heavy cavalry force and some artillery.

In the mean time I had ascertained, likewise, that a heavy force of the enemy was encamped some little distance south of the Franklin road, and east of where my column halted. I did not think it prudent to advance, and, owing to the bad grounds (being all timber) where my force halted, I retired to my camping ground, near which were large open fields, well adapted for cavalry movements. I soon formed a line of battle. The enemy made his appearance. Skirmishers engaged him pretty briskly. The enemy maneuvered with the design to outflank us, but did not succeed. I forestalled him every time. With the exception of severe skirmishing, nothing transpired. The enemy retired, when I concluded to join the main body of our army.

After marching about a mile, met General Stanley, with a brigade of infantry and a battery of artillery, to re-enforce me. The general marched the whole command toward the enemy's camp. On reaching its vicinity the enemy drew up in line of battle. Skirmishing ensued. Remained there about half an hour, when the general withdrew, with the remark that we were not ready yet to fight the whole of Hardee's army corps. That night we encamped 1 1/2 miles from the enemy's camp, and laid on our arms all night.

At daybreak on the morning of the 31st, I had my command drawn up in line of battle in the rear of my camp; sent out two squadrons to the front and to the right to reconnoiter. Had been in the line about half an hour, when I heard heavy firing-cannon and musketry-to my left and little to the front. Soon after I beheld our infantry scattered all over the fields, running toward my line, when I learned that General Johnson's division was repulsed. At about the same time my skirmishers engaged the enemy, when they were driven in, reporting that the enemy were approaching in heavy force. Sure enough, I soon discovered heavy lines of infantry coming toward my front and on the left, where General Johnson's division had been posted; also to my right the enemy's cavalry were coming round in long columns, with the evident design to outflank us.

I concluded to retire slowly toward the main body of our army, the enemy pressing hard on me; kept him at bay with my skirmishers. I retired in this wise for a mile, when I formed a line of battle with the First and Third, when the enemy charged on them with their cavalry, but were repulsed by my men. About this time the enemy began to throw shells into my lines pretty lively. The first shell that landed mortally wounded Major Moore, of the First Ohio. I now fell back, formed a new line, received the enemy's charge, repulsed them, and made many of the rebels bite the dust. Shells coming pretty thick again, I retired farther, when I made another stand, supported by Willich's regiment of infantry; received the enemy's charge, and repulsed him again. I then withdrew my whole command through a large strip of wood to another open lot-shells of the enemy helping us along-passing by a line of rebel infantry, marching parallel with my column, not over 200 yards from us, so that we were nearly surrounded, as the enemy's cavalry were working round our right all the time, and the

