
Troop, I am sorry to say, were of very little benefit to me, as the majority of them ran as soon as we were attacked. Arrived at Nashville at 9 p. m.; found no forage for my horses.

Next day, January 2, had to send out a foraging party. They returned at 5 p. m., when my horses were fed for the first time since leaving the front, the day previous at 3 a. m.

At 1 o'clock on the 3rd was ordered to leave at 3 o'clock, to escort a hospital store train and an ammunition train through to the front. When 2 miles out, had to wait for Colonel McCook to come up with two and a half regiments of infantry of some 150 of the Third Tennessee Cavalry. Two companies of the Fourth Ohio, under command of Lieutenant White, were with me likewise. It was 11 o'clock before we got started. All of this force combined formed the escort of the train. We proceeded about 8 miles, when we were attacked by Wheeler's brigade. We repulsed them, taking 12 prisoners, among them 2 lieutenants; killed 15, and wounded many. They did but little damage to the train, which was done through the cowardice of the teamsters. I had 1 man killed and 1 wounded. The enemy tried to attack us the second time, but retired before our forces met. We brought the train through safely, and arrived with it at 1 o'clock the next morning. During my three days' absence the First and Fourth were busily employed reconnoitering, doing picket duty, and skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry.

On the 4th, marched my command to the front, near Murfreesborough, to reconnoiter, the enemy having withdrawn their forces.

On the 5th, marched to the front, some 4 1/2 miles beyond Murfreesborough, on the Shelbyville road, on a reconnaissance, capturing quite a number of rebel stragglers; pushed a squadron of the Fourth some 3 miles farther, to a point where they could overlook the pike for 5 miles ahead, when they discovered that the enemy had entirely disappeared. The skirmishers of the Fourth had some skirmishing with some of the rebel cavalry. By 7 o'clock was back to camp again. You will observe that my command had fought nearly every day from the time we left Nashville up to this time. They worked very hard, and deserve a great deal of credit for what they have done, as both officers and men fought bravely.

Herewith find list of casualties, which are not large, considering the number of engagements we were in.

All respectfully submitted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS ZAHM,

Colonel, Commanding Second Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Lieutenant M. B. CHAMBERLIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen., 1st Cav. Div., Army of the Cumberland.

Return of casualties in the Second Cavalry Brigade (Zahm's), December 26, 1862-January 6, 1863 (Stone's River).

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	 Officers	 Enlisted	 Officers	 Enlisted

 .	 men.	 .	 men.

1st Ohio Cavalry.	 3	 2	 1	 10

3rd Ohio Cavalry.

-------

6

-------

15

4th Ohio Cavalry.

-------

7

-------

18

Total.	 3	 15	 1	 43

CONTINUATION:

Missing.

Command.	 Officers	 Enlisted	 Remarks.

 .	 men.

1st Ohio Cavalry.	 1	 14

3rd Ohio Cavalry.

-------

10	 3 enlisted men

 	 	 prisoners.

4th Ohio Cavalry.

-------

16	 15 enlisted men

 	 	 prisoners.

Total.	 1	 40

