
Numbers 176. Report of Major James Laughlin, First Ohio Cavalry, of operations January 1-5.

CAMP FIRST OHIO VOLUNTEER CAVALRY, Near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry:

On the morning of January 1, I was ordered to take command of the regiment, and was immediately ordered in the rear of Stewart's Creek and on the right, on picket or outpost duty. In the evening I was ordered back in front of Stewart's Creek and on the right, to stand on picket for the night.

On the morning of the 2nd, I was ordered to advance my regiment forward on the right, which I did, and found the enemy in my front, and skirmished with them until dark. I was then ordered into camp for the night.

The morning of the 3rd, I was ordered to march my regiment to the rear of Stewart's Creek, with I did. In the evening I was ordered to join my command with the Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry and make a reconnaissance on our left, which was done, and we returned to camp the same night.

Remained in camp on the 4th until evening; was ordered to the front, and left to guard the railroad bridge for the night.

On the morning of the 5th went on scout beyond Murfreesborough, on the Shelbyville pike, and returned, no casualties having happened during the time included.

Your most obedient,

JAMES LAUGHLIN,

Major, Commanding First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Colonel L. ZAHM,

Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 177. Report of Captain Valentine Cupp, First Ohio Cavalry,

including skirmishes at Franklin, December 26, Wilkinson's Cross-Roads, December 29, and Overall's Creek, December 31.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST OHIO VOLUNTEER CAVALRY, January 6, 1863.

December 26, left Nashville for Franklin; arrived at Franklin at 3 p. m.; found the enemy occupying the town; drove them from it and proceeded to Wilson's Creek pike, and encamped for the night.

December 27, left camp at 8 o'clock; proceeded toward Triune; struck the enemy's pickets within 5 miles of Triune; drove in their pickets, captured 6, and returned to the camp occupied the previous night.

December 28, left camp at 8 o'clock for Triune, where we encamped.

December 29, left camp at 9 o'clock on a reconnaissance toward Murfreesborough. Struck the enemy's scouts when within 1 mile of Stewart's Creek, when active skirmishing commenced and continued until

