
send all prisoners to the rear, so as to conceal your operations. When it is necessary, parole them, sending lists by first mail to these headquarters. You are authorized to increase your command to the extent of your captured arms and horses, assigning the men to your old regiments. Do everything to prevent the enemy from foraging north of the Cumberland River, and especially toward Clarksville. If practicable, communicate and co-operate with Brigadier-General [N. B.] Forrest. You are not limited in the extent of your operations, every confidence being reposed in your zeal, discretion, and judgment. You will make weekly reports of your operations, sending with each a return of your command. It is reported that the enemy is obstructing the fords of the Cumberland.

Brigadier-General [J.] Wheeler has been ordered to relieve you as soon as Brigadier-General [J.] Pegram can be placed in position with a sufficient command.

I, am general,* very respectfully, yours,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT

No. 2 Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 12, 1862.

With pride and pleasure, mingled with gratitude to the Supreme source of all our victories,the general commanding has the satisfaction of announcing to his troops the signal triumph of our arms at Hartsville, Tenn., on the 7th instant. This brilliant exploit was achieved by a portion of Morgan's cavalry brigade, together with detachments from the Second and Ninth Kentucky Regiments of Infantry, under Colonel Hurt, the whole under Brigadier-General Morgan. After a remarkable march of more than 40 miles, through snow and ice, they forded the Cumberland under cover of darkness, and at daylight precipitated themselves upon the enemy. Our success was complete. With a force of not more than 1,200 men in action, we inflicted a loss upon the enemy of 500 killed and wounded, and captured 1,800 prisoners, with all their arms, munitions, and other stores. Our own loss was small compared with the result, not exceeding 125 in killed and wounded. The memory of the gallant men who fell to rise no more will be revered by their comrades, and forever honored by their country. To Brigadier-General Morgan and to Colonel Hunt the general tenders his thanks, and assures them of the admiration of his army. The intelligence, zeal, and gallantry displayed by them will serve as an example and an incentive to still more honorable deeds. To the other brave officers and men composing the expedition the general tenders his cordial thanks and congratulations. He is proud of them, and hails the success achieved by their valor in the action will in future bear upon its colors the name of the memorable field.+

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. G. GRANGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Copy to General Wheeler same day.

+The U. S. colors of the One hundred and fourth Illinois were captured by Private William H. Carson, Second Kentucky (Confederate) Infantry, and the regimental colors by Corp. Augustus Reynand, Ninth Kentucky (Confederate) Infantry.

---------------

