
moved, was safely withdrawn. The regiment then moved between the enemy and train as far as the Mufreesborough pike, where we found the enemy making a fierce attack upon General Thomas' train, when we again repulsed them at several points, taking many prisoners and saving that entire portion of the train. The attack of the enemy was furious and desperate, which required the greatest firmness and bravery to resist. Colonel Kennett was an eye-witness to the determined bravery of a portion of the regiment rescuing the train from the enemy, which were in force at the hospital on the Murfreesborough pike. The regiment then formed in the field near the hospital, where the brigade soon assembled and reformed, and advanced toward the enemy's left. Soon came up to the enemy's cavalry, supported by artillery, when several other skirmishes ensued during the evening, the enemy's entire object seeming to be to take the train.

On the 1st instant, received orders to proceed to Nashville in charge of train, consisting of some 200 or 300 wagons. When about 2 miles on the Nashville side of La Vergne, we were attacked by General Wheeler's brigade of cavalry, which made several dashes on the train, and were repulsed. They then attacked our rear in force. After a well-contested fight, our regiment put them to flight in disorder, killing 9 of them and wounding several, and arrived in Nashville at 9 p. m. and encamped.

The 2nd instant, remained in Nashville and procured forage for our horses, furnishing working party and escort to forage train.

The 3rd instant, left Nashville for Murfreesborough in charge of hospital and ammunition trains. Attacked again in force by Wheeler's brigade of cavalry on the Nashville side of La Vergne, which was repulsed with a loss of 15 on their side and some 8 or 9 prisoners taken; among the latter the adjutant of the Third Alabama Cavalry. Two of our non-commissioned officers, I regret to inform you, were severely and dangerously wounded, whom we had to leave in a house on the road-side.

Arrived at camp, near Murfreesborough, at 1 a. m., 4th instant, with the train all safe, with the exception of one wagon of the regiment that was cut off by the enemy, and is now supposed to have returned to Nashville.

On the evening of the 4th, proceeded with brigade toward Murfreesborough as far as Stone's River, and returned to camp.

On the 5th instant, proceeded again with brigade to Murfreesborough, and beyond it about 4 1/2 miles, where we halted, taking several prisoners, and returning to camp about 7 p. m.

I have much pleasure in informing you that the conduct and behavior of both officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of the regiment have been highly creditable, with not a single instance to the contrary in the regiment.

Inclosed please find list of casualties that have occurred since December 26, 1862, to January 5, 1863.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. A. MURRAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Ohio Cavalry, Comdg. Regiment.

Colonel L. ZAHM,

Comdg. Third Cavalry Brigade, First Cavalry Division.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 214.

---------------

