
three caissons full of ammunition, and a wagon loaded with new carbines and ammunition, which had been abandoned by their cowardly teamsters.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. W. PARAMORE,

Major, Commanding Left Wing, Third Ohio Cavalry.

Colonel L. ZAHM,

Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 180. Report of Major John L. Pugh, Fourth Ohio Cavalry,

including skirmishes at Franklin, December 26, Wilkinson's Cross-Roads, December 29, and Overall's Creek, December 31.

IN CAMP, January 6, 1863.

COLONEL: We left camp, near Nashville, December 26, with the Second Brigade of Cavalry, and marched to Franklin, and assisted in driving out a force of rebel cavalry. Next day remained in camp, and on the 28th ultimo marched for Triune.

On the 29th, was ordered by you to march on the dirt road leading to Murfreesborough, and to throw out a line of skirmishers to the front and flank, connecting with skirmishers of the Third Ohio, on our left. We had proceeded but 5 or 6 miles until we came onto the enemy's advanced picket, driving them in, and occasionally had slight skirmishes with squads of the enemy's cavalry, who were evidently sent out for the purpose of ascertaining our number. When within 3 or 4 miles of Murfreesborough came on a battery of two pieces of artillery and a support of infantry or dismounted men, posted in a wood, which opened a fire of grape on our advance. In reconnoitering their position we found a body of cavalry was passing on our flank, and soon discovered they were on our rear and flank. I faced the column about and ordered Captain Johnson to attack a body of cavalry, posted in the road, which he did, driving them into the woods. Then we attacked their whole force posted at the edge of the wood, when a sharp skirmish ensued, resulting in a loss on our part of 2 killed, 7 wounded (one mortally and has since died), and 9 prisoners. We captured 7 prisoners from the enemy. The loss was principally sustained by Companies K and M, Lieutenants White and Megrue commanding, who behaved themselves admirably, as did all the officers.

On the day following we were, together with the First and Third Ohio, engaged during the day reconnoitering and skirmishing with the enemy.

On the 31st were, by your orders, formed in the field on

-----

Creek. Had been in our position but a short time when the enemy were discovered advancing, with infantry, cavalry, and artillery, in line of battle, capturing two batteries of our artillery and engaging our infantry, who were soon driven back. Our position now became untenable, and we fell back to another position, and had but just got my line formed when we discovered the enemy's cavalry were outflanking us. We then took a position in the woods adjoining, and charged the enemy's cavalry with Company A, Lieutenant Hamilton; Company B, Captain Teetor; Company C, Captain Mathews, and Company E, Captain Gotwald, who succeeded in checking their advance and driving them back a short distance. They were re-enforced, and in turn drove our men from the field.

At this point an aide from General McCook rode up and asked me to

