
from my command so as to protect the train, which I did; but soon was driven away from it by shells from the enemy's guns and by his cavalry. The panic now became so general that our regiment in leaving the field got scattered, but the majority of it were in skirmishes of the afternoon.

On the days of January 1, 2, and 3, was in line of battle all day.

On the 31st, while in line near the train, and on leaving the field, we lost in killed, wounded, missing, and prisoners some 35 or 36 men; also 3 horses killed and 5 wounded. The enemy had also captured some 20 more, who were afterward released by our own men, having been previously disarmed and dismounted.

On the 5th, crossed Stone's River and proceeded to a distance of 3 or 4 miles south of Murfreesborough. Lost 2 men prisoners, being captured by rebel pickets.

Annexed please find a list of killed, wounded, missing, and prisoners.* Killed, 7; wounded, 18; missing, 16; prisoners, 15; total, 56.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. PUGH,

Major, Commanding Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Colonel L. ZAHM,

Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 181. Report of Captain Henry B. Teetor, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, of operations December 31.

IN CAMP NEAR MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., January 12, 1863.

SIR: In the action of Wednesday, December 31, 1862, I take pleasure in calling your especial attention to a brilliant little achievement accomplished by a portion of your command while temporarily and unavoidably detached from your immediate supervision.

While there was apparently a general consternation among other cavalry regiments, your ordered the right of your command to rest at a point commanding a road; and while superintending the alignment, which was very difficult at that time, owing to said confusion, a portion of Tennessee cavalry came pursued hotly up the road upon which your right was resting. A regiment of Texas Rangers were in full pursuit, and were endeavoring also to take two pieces of artillery, one ambulance, six wagons, which were following the fleeing Tennessee cavalry. It was an emergency, and demanded coolness, bravery, and expedition to save the property, as well as change the wavering fortunes of that day. In fact, it was so immensely critical as, for the time being, at least, to waive the precedence of rank of military etiquette of waiting for orders, and seize upon the golden chance of saving the honor of the regiment and, measurably, the fortunes of the day.

Captain Peter Mathews, being in command of the First Squadron, consisting of Companies A, B, and C, seeing the exigency, and, at the same time, being aware of your attention being preoccupied with the speedy alignment of the left of the regiment, took the authority, ostensibly warranted by the emergency, and ordered his squadron to charge down the road and drive back the enemy, and save the property imperiled. I had the honor to be in charge, and can testify with pride that I saw the enemy severely repulsed, driven back, the two pieces of cannon saved, and the ambulance and the six Government wagons.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

