
In that charge I had 1 man killed, 1 wounded, and 1 taken prisoner, and the other two companies suffered proportionately.

I trust to be pardoned for the vanity I display in calling your particular attention to this glorious little episode of that day. I know well the pride you take in anything done meritorious by your command, and this, in addition to the reflection that there seems to be a design somewhere to detract from the old Fourth's glory, induces me to make mention thus. I, moreover, say that "honor to whom honor is due" should apply in the case in which we are all so much interested; and if the old Fourth did anything creditable, it is my duty and your duty, and every man's duty, to see that she meets not with detraction. In your report of the conduct of the regiment, I deem this may justly take a conspicuous part. I was in all the fight, and I can proudly testify as to the conduct of our regiment, whatever else others may say to the contrary notwithstanding.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

H. B. TEETOR,

Captain, Comdg. Company B, Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel J. L. PUGH,

Commanding Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Numbers 182. Report of Major Robert Klein, Third Indiana Cavalry (unattached),

including skirmishes at Triune, December 27, and near Overall's Creek, December 31.

HDQRS. THIRD BATTALION, THIRD INDIANA CAVALRY, Near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this battalion in the field since leaving the camp near Nashville, on the 26th ultimo, up to the 3rd instant:

The four companies under my command left camp on the 26th, as ordered, and, bringing up the rear of the Second Division, encamped beyond Nolensville.

On the following morning, 27th, having orders, reported to General Stanley, chief of cavalry, who, remarking he "had understood the Third knew how to take these rebels," ordered me to move forward and take the advance of the column of cavalry then moving toward Triune. I suceeded in gaining the advance at about the point where the enemy's outposts were expected to be. I then threw out portions of Company H, Lieutenant Young commanding, on either side of the pike, and, putting out an advance guard, moved smartly down the pike. Our advance soon encountered the enemy in considerable force drawn up in line of battle. The column now moved on to them at a gallop, receiving the whole of their fire into one company (Company G, Captain Herriott), the skirmishers on the flanks not being able to come up for some time, on account of the soft nature of the ground and the fences intervening. Company G held their ground until Company I, Captain Vanosdal, on the right, and Company K, Lieutenant Lieske, on the left, advanced gallantly to the rescue, and, despite superior force, drove them across the narrow valley to a position beyond where their artillery covered them. Here we advanced with the remainder of our cavalry force and drove them from this hill, from which they fell back to Triune. Here

