
we were ordered by General Stanley, with one company of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, to attack the enemy on the right side of the pike. They were posted behind a stone wall, heads only visible, one or more regiments strong. We advanced across the open fields, and were pouring in a steady fire at easy range, when two pieces of artillery on our left, about 500 yards, and two in front, opened on us, obliging us to retire to the cover of the woods from where we advanced. This movement was done promptly, but in good order.

On the following morning my battalion was in advance of the reconnaissance under General Willich; did no fighting, but captured some 16 of the enemy's stragglers. On the Nolensville pike we lost 3 killed and 3 wounded.* We lost also a few horses wounded and disabled, and 1 killed by cannon shot.

On the 29th and 30th nothing worthy of note occurred.

On the morning of the 31st ultimo my battalion was posted with our cavalry force beyond Wilson's Cross-Roads pike, on the right and rear of the Second Division. When our forces first gave way before the overwhelming numbers of the enemy, the efficiency of my battalion was destroyed in being divided by one of our own cavalry regiments running through our ranks and scattering the men. This movement, had it been in the opposite direction, would have been a most gallant charge, and, doubtless, from its determination, an efficient one. We kept falling back, forming and charging at intervals, until forced across to the Murfreesborough pike, where one of my companies was first to form to drive the enemy from our train.

We captured during the retreat 11 of the enemy. One of Company G, Corporal Justice, recaptured our ambulance, containing our surgeon, by shooting down one of its captors and frightening the others away. I regret to say that Corporal Justice was afterward captured.

We were formed near the center of our cavalry, when the enemy, in the afternoon, again attempted to take our train. We participated in the fight and the charge that followed. We lost 1 man on that morning, Private Daniel Gibbons, of General Willich's escort, and 2 others wounded.

On the following days of the fight my battalion was on provost duty.

Our loss sums up: Killed, 4; wounded, 6; missing, 10; captured, 5. Of the missing, doubtless nearly all were captured. Our total loss is 25; horses, 30, and 1 ambulance.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. KLEIN,

Major, Commanding Battalion.

Captain BARTLETT,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 183. Report of Lieutenant William S. Hall, adjutant Second Tennessee Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., January 9, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your request, I have the honor to report the following operations of which the Second East Tennessee Cavalry took an active part in the late battles before Murfreesborough, viz:

On December 27, 1862, while attached to the command of Colonel

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

