
Stokes, we engaged a strong party of the rebel cavalry southeast of the Nolensville pike, and after a sharp engagement put the enemy to flight.

On the following day, while under the same command, we encountered the enemy near Triune, and, after an obstinate engagement, drove the enemy in the direction of Shelbyville, Tenn., in which engagement we sustained a loss of 4 horses killed, and captured a first lieutenant and 5 privates belonging to the Fiftieth* Alabama Cavalry. The following day we rested near Triune.

The next day, December 29, we started in pursuit, in the direction of Murfreesborough, taking the mountain path, leaving all our wagons behind, with the exception of the ambulances. On the afternoon of said day, being in the advance, we discovered the enemy strongly posted about 6 miles in front of Murfreesborough, near the Murfreesborough pike. We, in connection with the First Cavalry Brigade, came up in line of battle. The enemy not showing a disposition to engage us, we waited the coming up of our infantry and artillery. We remained in that condition until Major-General McCook came up. At dark, by the order of General Stanley, chief of cavalry, we were placed on the extreme right as a picket.

The succeeding day we were skirmishing with the enemy during the entire day.

Our loss was, in killed and wounded, Captain Morris, of Company L, 1 private in Company F, and 5 slightly wounded. Several horses shot under the men.

During the remainder of the battle we were held in readiness, but not actively engaged, with the exception of Sunday. We were sent to the river to protect the railroad bridge, within about 1 mile of Murfreesborough, which was on fire. We had a slight engagement with the enemy's rear guard. No damage sustained.

I am, sir, respectfully,

WM. S. HALL,

Adjutant Second East Tennessee Regiment of Cavalry.

Captain OTIS,

Brigade Commander, U. S. Army.

Numbers 184. Report of Captain Elmer Otis, Fourth U. S. Cavalry,

including skirmishes at Overall's Creek, December 31, and on the Manchester pike, January 5.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH U. S. CAVALRY, In Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the Fourth U. S. Cavalry in the late battles in front of Murfreesborough:

On December 30, the Fourth U. S. Cavalry left camp at Stewart's Creek, leaving the train and baggage under charge of a strong guard, commanded by Lieutenant Rendelbrook. The regiment proceeded to join General Rosecrans on the field of battle, and was drawn up in line of battle in rear of the general's headquarters, but took no immediate part in the action. That day, Company L, commanded by Lieutenant Roys, was detached as General Rosecrans' immediate escort (about 10 o'clock in the morning), and so remains at the present time. Company

---------------

*Fifty-first Alabama Partisan Rangers.

---------------

