
had collected and formed them in line of battle, on the crest of the hill, the other side of Overall's Creek, planting the artillery on the left and center.

In a short time Colonel Walker came up from the rear with a brigade of troops and took position on the left. After we had occupied this position a short time, a small force of the enemy's cavalry appeared on the opposite side of the creek and attacked our transportation train, which I had directed to proceed moderately toward Nashville. I directed a pursuit, by a cavalry force, and about the same time Captain Church, of the Fourth Michigan Battery, and of Colonel Walker's brigade, opened a fire upon them, and they were soon dispersed, losing some few of their men.

During the remainder of the day there were several attacks by the enemy's cavalry, and they were as frequently repulsed, and with considerable loss, by the cavalry force which I had stopped, but the cavalry of the Second Brigade did not seem very determined in their pursuit.

In the afternoon I was ordered by General Thomas to take position with my regiment on the south side of the creek, which I did, and then collected a large force of straggling infantry, and which, during the evening, were, most of them, returned to their regiments.

Late in the evening I was ordered to advance with my regiment to General Thomas' headquarters, near General Rosecrans' headquarters, which I did.

About 3 o'clock on Thursday morning I received orders to proceed to Nashville with my regiment, in charge of headquarters train, and about 4 o'clock I moved with the regiment in charge of the train.

No casualties occurred on the march until about 1 o'clock, when, about 9 miles this side of Nashville, I discovered a general stampede in the train in my rear, which was not directly under my charge. I immediately formed my regiment across the road and stopped the train and fugitives. Very soon there were several cavalrymen came up and reported that the train was attacked at La Vergne, about 6 miles in our rear. I succeeded in checking the stampede and stopping the alarmed cavalrymen, teamsters, and negroes, who had gotten up the stampede. Among the cavalrymen stopped was a Captain Skinner, of the Third Ohio Cavalry. I reached Nashville about 5.30 o'clock with my train, and the long train in my rear, and pitched my camp on the side occupied previous to leaving Nashville. After I had my camp pitched, I received orders from General Morgan's aide to remove my regiment inside the fortifications early the next day, which I did, and about 5 o'clock in the evening received orders from General Thomas to return to the front with eight days' rations, and between 3 and 4 o'clock on Saturday morning I marched from Nashville with my regiment with a small train. When about 9 miles this side of Nashville I rescued a lady, with a carriage, horse, and servant, which a party of rebel cavalry had captured. The cavalry fled on our approach, and I had no means of pursuit.

When I reached La Vergne I was informed by Colonel Innes, of the First Michigan Engineers, that a large body of cavalry were about to attack his regiment, stationed there. I halted my regiment and prepared to assist Colonel Innes in his defense; but after waiting two hours for their attack, I proceeded on my march to this place without any other incident, and reached here last evening about 7 o'clock with the regiment and train.

In stopping the rout which seemed to be prevailing among our troops

