
The reports of subordinate commanders not yet received have been specially called for and are soon expected, when they will be promptly forwarded.

During the time the operations at Murfreesborough were being conducted, important expeditions, under Brigadier-Generals Forrest and Morgan, were absent in West Tennessee and Northern Kentucky. The reports already forwarded show the complete success which attended these gallant brigadiers, and commend them to the confidence of the Government and gratitude of the country.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant [and Inspector] General, Richmond, Va.

[Indorsement.]

MARCH 9, 1863.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL:

Let this be copied at once for Congress, leaving out the clause of compliment to General Rosecrans.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

[Inclosure.]

Memoranda for general and staff officers, December 28, 1862.

1st. The line of battle will be in front of Murfreesborough; half of the army, left wing, in front of Stone's River; right wing in rear of river.

2nd. Polk's corps will form left wing; Hardee's corps, right wing.

3rd. Withers' division will form first line in Polk's corps; Cheatham's, the second line. Breckinridge's division forms first line Hardee's corps; Cleburne's division, second line Hardee's corps.

4th. McCown's division to form reserve, opposite center, on high ground, in rear of Cheatham's present quarters.

5th. Jackson's brigade reserve, to the right flank, to report to Lieutenant-General Hardee.

6th. Two lines to be formed from 800 to 1,000 yards apart, according to ground.

7th. Chiefs of artillery to pay special attention to posting of batteries, and supervise their work, seeing they do not causelessly waste their ammunition.

8th. Cavalry to fall back gradually before enemy, reporting by couriers every hour. When near our lines, Wheeler will move to the right and Wharton to the left, to cover and protect our flanks and report movements of enemy; Pegram to fall to the rear, and report to commanding general as a reserve.

9th. To-night, if the enemy has gained his position in our front ready for action, Wheeler and Wharton, with their whole commands, will make a night march to the right and left, turn the enemy's flank, gain his rear, and vigorously assail his trains and rear guard, blocking the roads and impeding his movements every way, holding themselves ready to assail his retreating forces.

10th. All quartermasters, commissaries, and ordnance officers will remain at their proper posts, discharging their appropriate duties. Supplies and baggage should be ready, packed for a move forward or backward as the results of the day may require, and the trains should be in position, out of danger, teamsters all present, and quartermasters in charge.

