
of danger. I owe much to my personal staff: Major [D. H.] Llewellyn, Captains Charlton H. Morgan, [Rufus K.] Williams and Lieutenant Robert Tyler, acting as my aide-de-camp, gave proofs of great devotion, being everywhere in the hottest fire.

Major Llewellyn received the sword of Colonel Robert R. Stewart and the surrender of his regiment. Captain Morgan's and Captain Williams' horses were killed under them, and Lieutenant Tyler was severely wounded. My orderly sergeant, Craven Peyton, received a shot in his hip and had his horse killed by my side. I must crave forgiveness if I add, with a soldier's pride, that the conduct of my whole command deserved my highest gratitude and commendation.

Three Federal regimental standards and five cavalry guidons fluttered over my brave column on their return from this expedition. With such troops, victory is enchained to our banners, and the issue of a contest with our Northern opponents, even when they are double our force, no longer doubtful!

I have the honor to be, sir, with the highest respect, your most obedient servant,

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel [GEORGE WILLIAM] BRENT,

Chief of Staff.

No. 16. Report of Colonel Roger W. Hanson, Second Kentucky Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Breckinridge's division.
HEADQUARTERS BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION, December 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to forward a report from Colonel R. W. Hanson, commanding First Brigade, of my division, covering the report of Colonel Thomas H. Hunt, who commanded the Second and Ninth Kentucky Regiments and Cobb's battery in the recent expedition (under command of Brigadier-General Morgan) against Hartsville; and also the reports of Major [James W.] Hewitt and Captain [James T.] Morehead, commanding, respectively, the Second and Ninth Kentucky, and of Captain [Robert] Cobb, commanding the battery.

I beg to call attention to the officers and men specially named for gallantry, and to suggest respectfully that the troops engaged in this expedition deserve mention in orders for conduct which in fortitude and daring has not been surpassed during the war.

Very respectfully,JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 11, 1862.

In pursuance of the order of General Bragg, I proceeded with my command on the 5th instant to Baird's Mills, and remained two days,

