
Numbers 192. Report of Lieutenant General Leonidas Polk, C. S. Army, commanding Army Corps,

with resulting correspondence.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Winchester, Tenn., March 24, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the report by Lieutenant General L. Polk, with those of division and brigade commanders, of the operations of his corps at the battle of Murfreesborough. This report, though dated February 28, was only transmitted, as will be seen by its accompanying letter, on the 21st, and was received at this office on March 22. The accompanying map* has some inaccuracies in regard to troops and operations not under the general's command, but not to the extent of materially affecting its usefulness. The general requests leave of absence for an officer of his staff to carry this report to Richmond and transact other official business for his corps. I request the officer named be ordered to deliver the report to the Adjutant-General, but be confined to that specific duty. All other official business must be transacted through these headquarters.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Shelbyville, Tenn., March 21, 1863.

I have the honor herewith to transmit my official report of the battles before Murfreesborough, with accompanying statements and map.* I send also copies of the report of Major-General [B. F.] Cheatham, and of the brigade, regimental, and battery commanders of his division; also a list of its casualties. Major-General [J. M.] Withers, having been absent on sick leave since the battle, has not sent me his report. It will be forwarded in a few days. The report of brigade, regimental, and battery commanders of his division, with a list of casualties, have been already forwarded to you. As these papers are of importance, and as I have other matters of interest to my corps to be attended to, I have to respectfully request that I be permitted to send a staff officer with them to Richmond. Lieutenant P. B. Spence, who is the bearer of this, is the officer I desire to send. To accomplish this, I ask from him fifteen days' leave of absence.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

HDQRS. POLK'S CORPS D'ARMEE, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Shelbyville, Tenn., February 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as my official report of the operations of my corps in the battles on Stone's River, in front of Murfreesborough:

One of my brigades (that of General Maney) was on outpost duty in

---------------

*To appear in Atlas.

---------------

