
making, as directed, reconnaissance toward Nashville. General Morgan designated the Second and Ninth Kentucky and Cobb's battery as the troops he desired to accompany him upon the Hartsville expedition. They were detached under the command of Colonel Hunt. I inclose herewith his report of the battle of Hartsville and the reports of his subordinate officers. I wish to call attention to the honorable mention that is made in Major [James W.] Hewitt's and Colonel Hunt's report of the gallant conduct of Sergeant Oldham, of the Second Kentucky Regiment, with the hope that the proper steps may be taken to procure for him the proper reward for his conduct. Sergeant Oldham was the color-bearer of the Second Kentucky Regiment at the battle of Donelson, and acted with great gallantry upon that occasion. He is a suitable man for a lieutenancy, being well qualified as well as truly brave.

R. W. HANSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Colonel [J. A.] BUCKNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 17. Report of Colonel Thomas H. Hunt, Ninth Kentucky Infantry, commanding detachment First Brigade.

CAMP NEAR MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., December 9, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the detachment from the First Brigade, Breckinridge's division, consisting of the Second Kentucky Regiment, Major James W. Hewitt commanding, 375 strong; Ninth Kentucky, Captain James T. Morehead commanding, 320 strong, and Cobb's battery, placed under my command as senior officer, with orders to report to General Morgan, left Baird's Mills, where the brigade was in bivouac, on Saturday, the 6th instant, about 1.30 p.m. Marching in the rear of the cavalry force until we arrived in the vicinity of Lebanon, an exchange was made, when the infantry mounted the horses and rode 5 or 6 miles. The command reached Cumberland River about 10 o'clock; the infantry, artillery, and a small portion of cavalry [crossed] at --- Ferry, the balance of the cavalry crossing at a ford a few miles lower down the river. The two boats used for crossing were of small capacity, and in miserable condition, but, by constant bailing, they were kept afloat, and by 5 o'clock in the morning the command was safely over. The march of 5 miles to Hartsville, where the battle was fought, yet to make over bad roads for artillery, was not accomplished until after sunrise, and the purpose of General Morgan to surprise the enemy was defeated. When we approached in sight of their camp, we found their infantry already formed, occupying a very strong position on the crest of a hill, with a deep ravine in front and their artillery in battery. The troops of my command were placed in position west of the enemy's camp while under a heavy fire from their battery and sharpshooters thrown out from their right, but these latter were quickly driven in by the dismounted cavalry. The Second Regiment, having been formed on the left of the Ninth, was now ordered forward to support and follow up the success gained by the cavalry skirmishers. That

