
which might be construed prejudicially to the well-earned fame of a portion of the troops under my command.

The paragraph to which I allude is as follows:

As the brigades composing the division of Major-General Withers had not been engaged in any heavy battle since Shiloh, I placed them in the first line.

The brigade which I had the honor to command on that occasion (now Walthall's), and a part of Withers' division, composed entirely of Mississippians, except one regiment of Alabamians (Forty-fifth), had been in every important engagement in which any part of General Bragg's army had participated since the battle of Shiloh. They are justly proud of the laurels they won at Perryville.

The brigade I now command (then Chalmers'), also Mississippians, and a portion of General Withers' command at Murfreesborough, had singly and alone made the bloody assault upon the enemy's works at Munfordville, which, although unsuccessful at the time, was essayed with such intrepidity and courage as to reflect the highest credit upon the survivors, as well as the slain.

One regiment of this brigade (the Forty-first) was also in the battle of Perryville.

Both of the brigades thus composing half of General Withers' division at Murfreesborough had been engaged in heavy battles since Shiloh, and will, doubtless, be excepted by General Polk from the class to which he assigns them when the fact is brought to his notice.

I feel confident the lieutenant-general will pardon me for bringing this matter to his attention, since my course has been actuated by a desire that he should do himself, as well as the troops, no injustice by an immaterial paragraph in his report, inserted, perhaps, inadvertently, certainly without design of doing any injustice.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS WITHERS' DIVISION, POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE.

Respectfully forwarded.

The error to which attention is called was not considered by me of sufficient importance to require correction, as it was not in reference to any fact deemed material to the subject-matter of the report. As, however, the ten Mississippi and one Alabama regiments who were engaged either at Perryville or Munfordville composed more than the half of my command participating in the engagement in front of Murfreesborough now seem sensitive under what they consider a reflection in the remark referred to, I have deemed it proper to forward this communication with approval.

J. M. WITHERS,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, Shelbyville, June 17, 1863.

I am much obliged to General Anderson for bringing to my notice the paragraph in my report to which he calls attention. It was, of course, an inadvertence, and is easily accounted for. In placing my troops in line of battle, the question in my mind was as to which of the divisions I should give the post of honor-the front rank. General Cheatham,

