
The first charge spoken of in the report was led by the three Alabama regiments. The report does not mention them.

All the Alabama regiments were in the second charge, and led in it. They were also in the third charge. The report states that "the gallant South Carolinians returned to the charge the second and third time."

Respectfully submitting this statement of facts, we ask for it that consideration it may seem to merit, feeling satisfied, as we do, that the lieutenant-general commanding will acquit us of any intention to captiously controvert his report, and that he will do what is proper in the premises.

With much respect, your obedient servants,

J. C. B. MICHELL,

Colonel Thirty fourth Alabama.

JOHN C. REID,

Colonel Twenty-eighth Alabama.

N. N. DAVIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-fourth Alabama.

D. D. WATERS,

Captain Waters' Battery.

[Indorsement Numbers 1.]

Respectfully forwarded.

The matter to which the attention of the lieutenant-general commanding is called in this communication is reasonable, and is, in justice to the command herein represented, approved by me. The inference drawn from that portion of the report of the battle of Murfreesborough, as cited, is that the brigade which I commanded was composed either entirely of South Carolinians or that only the South Carolinians of the brigade are credited for gallantry, renewing the attacks after being repulsed.

The Alabama regiments partook in all the attacks, as my report will show, and I again take this opportunity of bearing testimony to the heroic courage and fortitude displayed by them on that bloody field.

The general conduct of all the regiments on that occasion was such that I can draw no distinction between them.

A. M. MANIGAULT,

Colonel, Comdg. Fourth Brigade, Withers' Division.

[Indorsement Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, June 22, 1862.

In reply to the within, I have to say to the officers commanding the Alabama regiments, that the ground of their complaint does not exist in my report as written and sent to War Department. It was said by the printer in a misprint. It was written, "the gallant South Carolinian," meaning their brigade commander, Colonel Manigault, not "South Carolinians." Although the troops from the Palmetto State acted with distinguished gallantry, yet they were in no degree more distinguished for gallantry than their comrades from Alabama, who, side by side, shared with them the difficulties and all the triumphs of that bloody field. My object was to compliment their brigade commander, and through him his whole command, for the tenacity of purpose and unflinching bravery with which they returned time and again to the charge, until they carried the position which had so often resisted them.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

