
[CHAP. XXXII.

night, a great portion of the time under a heavy fire of the enemy's artillery.

On Friday morning the brigades of Generals Preston and Adams were withdrawn, when the lines were reformed and straightened, and Smith's brigade was brought forward and placed in the lines, he having arrived and taken command on Thursday.

On Wednesday there was but little done by my artillery, on account of the impossibility of advancing it through the cedars and pedregal on my left. Captain [Lieutenant] Turner's battery was brought into action on that day by General Maney and did good service.

On Friday and Saturday Captains Stanford, Scott, Carnes and [Lieutenant] Turner did excellent service with their guns, which had been advanced up the railroad by order of Lieutenant-General Polk. Lieutenant [A. A.] Hardin, of Captain Stanford's battery, with one section, was sent to the assistance of Colonel Manigault on Tuesday, and, while gallantly working his rifled pieces, was killed by a round shot.

On Sunday morning, at 1 o'clock preparations having been previously made, my command brought up the rear as the army slowly fell back toward Shelbyville.

Although my division was originally placed in the second line as a supporting force, it was not long before it was all under fire and hotly engaged with the enemy, and I am proud to say that each brigade did good service. I cannot omit this opportunity to express my thanks for the fortitude with which they bore the hardships and their gallant, soldier-like bearing during the eight trying days they were in line of battle, and most of the time under fire.

A list of casualties of my command is herewith inclosed, the loss being 277 killed, 1,597 wounded, and 65 missing. Total, 1,939.*

My staff with me on the field-Major John Ingram, assistant adjutant-general; Major Joseph Vaulx, [jr.,] assistant inspector-general; Major George V. Young, chief quartermaster; Major B. J. Butler, chief of subsistence; Major J. A. Cheatham, chief of ordnance; Lieutenant J. G. Mann, engineer officer, and Lieutenant A. L. Robertson, aide-de-camp-all managed their separate departments to my entire satisfaction.

Captain Robert L. Weakly, who was badly wounded, and Lieutenant [J. H.] Marsh, of the artillery; Lieutenant Thomas [H.] Henderson, adjutant of the Sixth Tennessee; Captain R. A. Alston, of South Carolina, and Captain J. Webb Smith, volunteer aides-de-camp, all behaved gallantly, and did good service in transmitting orders over the extensive field of operations during the day.

Major F. H. McNairy, my aide-de-camp, who had accompanied me on all previous battle-fields, was, unfortunately, absent, having been severely wounded by the accidental discharge of a pistol at Knoxville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. CHEATHAM,

Major Gen., Comdg. Cheatham's Div., Polk's Corps, Army of Tenn.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHEATHAM'S DIVISION,Shelbyville, Tenn., January 8, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders from corps headquarters, the following report of the number of officers and men killed, wounded, and miss-

---------------

*See totals in tabulated statement, p.677.

---------------

