
every part of the field to which it was assigned for duty. This accounts to some extent for the heavy loss it sustained.

Colonel Stanton's regiment, being a new and small one, and having received its arms only the day before, I deemed it best to leave it in the rear, in support of Captain Carnes' battery, and I consequently gave the requisite orders for that purpose.

The brigade had occupied its position along the front line (behind Chalmers' breastworks) only a few minutes, when, General Chalmers having received a severe wound, his brigade was broken and the greater part of it fell back in disorder and confusion. Under orders from Lieutenant-General Polk, I immediately advanced my brigade to its support, and, indeed, its relief, under a shower of shot and shell of almost every description. During this advance my horse was shot under me, from which, and another wound received at the Cowan house, he died during the day. In advancing upon and attacking the enemy under such a fire, my brigade found it impossible to preserve its alignment, because of the walls of the burnt house known as Cowan's and the yard and garden fence and picketing left standing around and about it; in consequence of which, Savage's regiment, with three companies of Chester's regiment, went to the right of the Cowan house, and advanced upon the enemy until they were checked by three batteries of the enemy, with a heavy infantry support on the hill to the right of the railroad, while the other two regiments (Carter's and Moore's), with seven companies of Chester's regiment, went to the left of that house through a most destructive cross-fire, both of artillery and small-arms, driving the enemy and sweeping everything before them until they arrived at the open field beyond the cedar brake, in a northwest direction from the Cowan house, when, having exhausted their ammunition, they retired to the Wilkinson pike in order to reform their regiments and replenish their cartridge-boxes. The two regiments and seven companies that went to the left of the Cowan house charged, drove, and pursued the enemy very rapidly, loading and firing as they advanced, and did great execution.

In the charge immediately upon entering the woods after leaving the Cowan house, we had to deplore the loss of Colonel W. L. Moore, of the Eighth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers, when the command of the regiment devolved upon the gallant Lieutenant Colonel John H. Anderson, who proved himself fully equal to the responsible post he had been so suddenly called upon to assume. Colonel Moore's horse was killed under and fell upon him. Disengaging himself as soon as possible, he advanced on foot with his regiment only a short distance when he was shot through the heart and instantly killed. His fate was that which, if he must fall, he himself would have chosen-dying upon the field of his glory, his regiment fighting most gallantly around him, and he himself in the full and energetic discharge of his whole duty, without a pang and without a struggle. In the death of Colonel Moore the service has lost one of its most valuable officers, the country a devoted patriot, and the community in which he lived an excellent and most estimate citizen.

In the charge through the cedar woods to the left of the Cowan house, Colonel Carter's report shows that his regiment captured seven pieces of artillery and about 500 prisoners; Colonel Chester's that his regiment captured three pieces of artillery and several hundred prisoners,* and

*As explanatory of the capture of the battery by the Eighth Tennessee Regiment, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel John H. Anderson, of said regiment it may be proper, under the circumstances, for me to say that the regiment killed the horses when the gunners surrendered as prisoners of war, leaving Colonel [George W.] Roberts, who was pointed out by one of the prisoners as their colonel in command of the brigade, dead near the guns. I make this statement in order that the facts may be know.- [D. S. D.]

