
[CHAP. XXXII.

battle. My clerk (Wilker) had his horse killed late in the afternoon near the Cowan house. It is but right that I should say that Colonel Lewis the previous day had obtained a musket, and was fully equipped to take the field in the ranks of Captain [W. G.] Burford's company of Eighth [Tennessee] Regiment, when, being informed of this fact, I invited him to take a position with me as volunteer aide, which he readily assented to do, and conducted himself with great coolness and determined bravery. I have referred to Captain Rice as a relieved officer. I feel, from his efficient services rendered in this battle, and my knowledge of him as a man and an officer, that I am doing but simple justice to him, and a benefit to the cause and service, in recommending that Captain Rice be given a command at the earliest practicable period, knowing him to be qualified in an eminent degree to fill a high position.

Accompanying this you will find an accurate list of both officers and men killed, wounded, and missing in my command.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

D. S. DONELSON,

Brigadier-General, Comdg. First Brigade, Cheatham's Division.

Major JOHN INGRAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 165. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John H. Anderson, Eighth Tennessee Infantry.

CAMP NEAR SHELBYVILLE, TENN.,

January 12, 1863.

GENERAL: Below you will please find a report of the part taken by the Eighth [Tennessee] Regiment in the late action before Murfreesborough:

On the morning of December 29, the regiment was ordered into line of battle. We were placed in line of battle in an old field on the west side of Stone' River, my left resting on the left of the Wilkinson turnpike road, in which position we remained subjected during the time to heavy cannonade of shells, which did but little or no harm, until Wednesday morning, the 31st, at which time I received orders to hold my regiment in readiness to move forward at a moment's notice to the support of Brigadier-General Chalmers' brigade, which was in our front. At about 10 o'clock our brigade was ordered forward. The Eighth moved off promptly at the command, under a very heavy cannonade of shot and shell. When we had arrived at the position formerly occupied by General Chalmers' brigade, we were ordered to halt and lie down behind the little fortification constructed by his brigade of logs and rails. We remained in this position about twenty minutes under a perfect storm of shot and shell, causing considerable mortality in my regiment. In this position we lost 15 or 20 men killed and wounded. It soon became apparent to every one that Chalmers' brigade was giving way, for it was with great difficulty that I could keep his men from running over my men; they came running back in squads and companies, and I am satisfied that before we left this position that at least two-thirds of the regiment that had formerly occupied the position we were in had returned. We were then ordered forward to the charge, which was responded to by the Eighth Regiment with a yell, the gallant Colonel Moore leading. We moved forward at a double-quick, under a perfect hail of shot, shell, and grape, when we arrived at the burnt brick house. The regiment

