
was thrown into some confusion, caused by the house and some picket fence and a portion of Chalmers' men that had remained behind the house, there being several fences and the house and a portion of Chalmers' men that were in the way, causing some four of the companies on the right of the regiment to pass around and through the best way they could. At this juncture the enemy in our front opened a terrible fire upon us with small-arms, at a distance of about 75 or 100 yards. Such a fire I do not suppose men were ever before subjected to. At this point the colonel's horse fell, and I supposed that he himself was either killed or wounded. Seeing the condition in which the regiment was placed, with a powerful enemy in our front and on the right and left-for at this time we were then in front of the balance of the brigade, and the enemy were cross-firing me right a left-and seeing so many of my men falling around me, I ordered them forward at a double-quick with fixed bayonets. The gallant Eighth responded with a shout, and leaped forward like men ben on conquering or dying in the attempt. When we had advanced about 50 or 60 yards, and were just entering the woods in our front, the colonel came up with sword in hand. He was not killed or wounded, as I expected; it was only his horse. He had just reached the regiment again, and was urging them forward, when he fell, dead, shot through the heart with a minie ball. The enemy in our front contested stubbornly, and those on our right and left continued to pour a deadly fire into us. The enemy's first line gave way before my men; their second was brought forward, but could not stand the impetuosity of our charge, and they gave way. At this point it was reported to me that the enemy was trying to get away some artillery on my left. I immediately changed direction to the left, and charged them and captured their guns (three at one place), and went 50 yards below. We captured one more by shooting down their horses and stopped the piece. I also captured at this point about 400 prisoners belonging to the artillery and infantry, and we killed Colonel [George W.] Roberts, who was commanding the brigade, as stated to me by the prisoners.

Through the bloody charge I lost many gallant officers and men killed and wounded. The enemy in the woods in my front having come to a halt, and pouring a galling fire into us, I ordered the men forward again at a double-quick; they responded with a shout, and moved forward upon the enemy. At this point I was joined by the colors and about 100 men of the Fifty-first Regiment, who came in on my left. I ordered them forward with my men, which orders they obeyed promptly. We charged the enemy in his position in the woods, under a perfect storm of bullets, and drove him before us.

About this time I was joined by Colonel Chester in person. We then continued driving the enemy before us, when it was reported to me that they were trying to flank me on my right. I then changed direction to the right, and moved forward upon him, and struck his flank and rear, in which position I halted and gave him a deadly fire, being too weak in strength to close in behind him. About this time I heard a heavy fire to right in front of the enemy, whose flank I was upon. I sent an officer forward to see what it was, and, if it was our force, which I left confident it was, to inform the commander of my position, that he might not fire into me, and also to tell the commander to charge them at a double-quick and drive them by me, that I might shoot them down, which he did in gallant style; still, when he came up, it proved to be the Nineteenth Tennessee Regiment. I then formed on his left, and moved forward to the point, driving the enemy before us. It was then reported to me that the enemy was flanking me on my left. I immediately changed direction to the left and moved upon him, when ha gave way and fled

