
[CHAP. XXXII.

through the old field in front of the woods occupied by us when we left the other night, when we charged him to the old field through which he fled. We halted in the edge of woods, and gave him a deadly fire as he ran through the old field. The effect of that fire was apparent to every one who visited that place, for the edge of the woods and the field for 200 or 300 yards was strewn with his dead and wounded. When we were unmasked by his force, the enemy, from his batteries on the hill in our front, opened upon us a perfect hail of grape and canister, when I ordered the men back into the woods. I then fell back to the old house in the rear of the woods, to gather together the remainder of the regiment, that had somewhat scattered in the charge through the dense woods, and to get a supply of ammunition. I remained there some time, and gathered all the men that I could get up, in company with Colonels Carter and Chester, when we formed line on the right of General Stewart's brigade. The firing in our front being very heavy, we were ordered forward, which order we obeyed promptly, and moved to the front of the woods in front of the enemy, in the old field. In this position we remained under a very heavy fire of artillery until night closed this bloody and eventful day.

Perhaps it is necessary that I should be more explicit in my explanation of my maneuvering in the woods. The reason why I had to change direction so often was that I was not supported either on the right or left. Our regiment drove the enemy in our front before this; consequently, this force on the right and left remained in their position, and when I had got in their rear it seemed as if they were flanking me; but when I changed direction to the right; as you will see in the foregoing report, I struck his flank and rear; and at that time the Nineteenth Tennessee came to my support on the right again, when I changed direction to the left. I then discovered that support had arrived on my left, and was driving the enemy on my left. It was then that I struck the enemy's flank on my left, when he was entering the old field. This force on my left I did not ascertain who it was, but supposed to be the Thirty-eighth Tennessee.

It was generally the case in battle that every regiment that passes a battery claims to have taken it. In this case there can be no dispute, as we shot down the horses attached to the guns, and captured the men belonging to the guns. It is also claimed by my men that there were two pieces more (in addition to the four that I have previously named) captured by the right of the regiment, some 75 yards to the right, making in all six pieces. These two additional pieces I did not see at the time, as I was near the left of the regiment, but I did see them afterward, and they must have been taken by my regiment, as it was the only force in these woods, and those guns, from their position, [were] covered by my regiment.

I can[not] close this report without saying a few words in regard to the gallant Colonel W. L. Moore, though he fell in that bloody charge. A more gallant and noble spirit never lived or died for his country. Loved and honored by his regiment, he fell gallantly battling for his country, and his native soil drank his blood.

It would afford me great pleasure, and be but sheer justice, to speak at length of the many noble spirits among the officers and men of my regiment who gave their lives a sacrifice to their country and native State on that memorable day, but the casualties of the regiment speak more for those noble spirits than I could write in a volume.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers H. ANDERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighth Tennessee.

