
[CHAP. XXXII.

only for a short distance, when it broke and fled in confusion. Most of the men I had been controlling moved with it. I collected the men of the Sixteenth and Fifty-first, and moved to the front en echelon of Chalmers' position, and remained during the heavy cannonade on the enemy. While here two of my men were killed by a shell. I afterward moved, in connection with Colonel Stanton, near the burnt gin-house, and, halting the regiment, went on foot to my first line of battle. About dark I sent a party after the body of Captain Spurlock, which captured a Yankee captain from his lines.

I claim for my command great gallantry in action; that it engaged and held in check superior forces of the enemy, who were attempting to turn our right-forces that afterward drove Adams' and Preston's brigades.

My flag-bearer (Sergeant Marberry) was disabled early in the charge. The flag was afterward borne by Private Womack, who was also wounded. The flag-staff was broken and hit with balls in three places; the flag literally shot to pieces. The fragments were brought to me at night. I carried about 400 officers and men in action. The killed amount to 36; the killed, wounded, and missing to 208, a list of which is forwarded. My men did not strip or rob the dead.

The conduct of my recruits was most honorable. Many of them fell in the front rank beside the veteran soldier of the Sixteenth. It is difficult to make distinction where all act well. While others deserve nobly, I feel that I ought not to fail to notice the courage and good conduct of Private Hackett, whom I placed in command of the company after the fall of Captain Spurlock.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. SAVAGE,

Colonel, Commanding Sixteenth Tennessee.

Major J. G. MARTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 197. Report of Colonel John C. Carter, Thirty-eighth Tennessee Infantry.

NEAR SHELBYVILLE, TENN., January 14, 1863.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to report that on Wednesday morning, December 31, 1862, between 9 and 10 o'clock, General Donelson's brigade (to which my regiment is attached) was ordered to charge the enemy, drawn up in line of battle fronting Murfreesborough, Tenn. My regiment advanced over an open field and under a very terrific fire. The enemy was strongly posted in a dense cedar thicket, and well supported by artillery. At first he seemed unwilling to yield his ground. We steadily approached him, and soon he broke and fled in confusion. We pursued him rapidly, the men loading as they advanced. We drove him from the woods, never permitting his to reform. We fought him until the fighting on Wednesday ceased. In the charge, my regiment captured seven pieces of cannon and about 500 prisoners, and killed at least 100 of the enemy.

I take pleasure in acknowledge the valuable services of Major H. W. Cotter. He behaved very gallantly, indeed, during the entire engagement. Captains [T. H.] Koen, [O. M.] Alsup, [T. G.] Cook, and [S. H.] Sartain, Lieutenants [J. W.] Slaughter, [J. C.] Miller, [J. C.] Sanders,

