
enemy, my regiment was ordered to remain at the point last occupied by the brigade, and to guard Captain Carnes' battery. This battery, however, was moved off to the right, and the Washington Battery was located immediately on our left, and did good service, while we staid and guarded it all the while, until the troops engaging the enemy in our front were driven back to our rear, and while there, reforming their lines, orders came for all troops at that point to advance upon the enemy's batteries, to the right of the brick house, near the railroad and turnpike. Having my men already formed, I moved them off some 500 yards to the front, and halted at the bend of the river, behind a bunch of woods on a bluff immediately on the right of the railroad. Colonel Savage soon rallied his regiment, which necessarily had made a gallant charge, but had fallen back with much loss, and often [after] having reformed his lines, he and the Twentieth Tennessee came to our support, and formed near us. We all remained there, waiting for orders, and for another support, necessary to have charged the battery, but got neither support nor orders.

Night came on, and all was still. My men having no blankets, I moved them back to a point where we could make fires, and on the following morning went forward again to my former position, near the brick house, and then reported to Generals Donelson and Polk. The former ordered me to remain there during the day. However, I was ordered to take the regiment, and go to the brick house, and tear down the fencing thereabouts. We did this, and were shelled, there while at work; only got 2 men wounded, however. Having completed this work and marched the men back to said point near the woodland bluff, I was ordered to the rear, under arrest, on account of a personal difficulty or fight with a staff officer, and, therefore, was not with the regiment any more until their arrival at Shelbyville.

It is due my regiment that I should state that they showed marked coolness and courage all the while, as they were under heavy shelling for a great portion of three days, and showed no fear or excitement. They kept good order and never scattered, but, on the contrary, some 40 of my men came up from McMinnville, and got arms and accouterments, and came to us in the hottest time of the fight, and while we were under heavy shelling in the open field at an advanced position, however, by lying down. None of our men scattered on our retreat.

The two wounded were George Cook, sergeant Company B, and Thomas Martin, private, Company E, slight wound.*

Respectfully,

S. S. STANTON,

Colonel Eighty-fourth Tennessee Regiment.

Numbers 200. Report of Lieutenant L. G. Marshall, Carnes' (Tennessee) battery.

NEAR SHELBYVILLE, TENN., January 15, 1863.

MAJOR: After occupying a position in rear of General Donelson's brigade for two days-December 29 and 30-on the reserve, Captain Carnes was ordered about noon, on December 31, to move his battery forward, in support of the right wing of our brigade, especially the brave

---------------

*Revised statements make no mention of these casualties

---------------

46 R R-VOL XX, PT I

