
haved with firmness throughout, and handled their guns with admirable skill and quickness.*

Corpl. Martin Armstrong, missing, heard of at home since, near Tracy City.

We lost 4 horses killed. Three caisson wheels were rendered unserviceable.

We fired in all between 300 and 350 rounds. The battery was engaged once on Wednesday, once on Thursday, four times on Friday, and once on Saturday-in all seven times. We used almost entirely spherical case and canister, and in every case so far successful as to have the effect intended. The fuses operated in accordance with the tables, as we had taught gunners. We used only the Bormann fuse. As to the adjustable sights, we could make little or no use of them, though we ascertained nothing against their character for very long ranges; but on the occasion under discussion our chiefs of pieces of pieces much preferred to watch the effect of their shots, and regulate the elevation accordingly.

L. G. MARSHALL,

Lieutenant, Commanding Captain W. W. Carnes' Battery.

Numbers 201. Report of Brigadier General Alexander P. Stewart, C. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

January 13, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the military operations in front of Murfreesborough, Tenn., commencing on Monday, December 29, 1862, and closing on Sunday, January 4, 1863:

The brigade was composed of the Fourth and Fifth Tennessee Regiments, amalgamated and commanded by Colonel O. F. Strahl; the Twenty-fourth Tennessee Regiment, Colonel H. L. W. Bratton; the Thirty-first and Thirty-third Tennessee Regiment, amalgamated and commanded by Colonel E. E. Tansil; the Nineteenth Tennessee Regiment, Colonel F. M. Walker, and Captain T. J. Stanford's Mississippi battery. We struck tents, packed up baggage, and sent the wagons to the rear on Sunday night, December 28.

Early Monday morning we crossed Stone's River and formed line of battle on its north bank, being on the left of Donelson and right of Maney, the right of the brigade being some distance on the left of the Wilkinson pike. An open country lay in front of the line, excepting on the left, where Walker's regiment was covered by the open forest. From 800 to 1,000 yards in front of us lay the first, Major-General Withers' division, our division forming the second and supporting line. Nothing of special interest occurred on Monday.

On Tuesday morning a few shells from the enemy passed over and near us, wounding one man in Bratton's regiment, and late in the evening we were under a heavy artillery fire for some half hour or more, but without injury. In the course of the afternoon of Tuesday an officer came from Colonel Manigault, of the Tenth South Carolina, who com-

---------------

*Nominal list shows 2 men killed and 4 wounded.

---------------

