
DECEMBER 9, 1862.-Skirmish at Dobbins' Ferry, near La Vergne, Tenn.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Major-General Thomas L. Crittenden, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Surg. M. C. Woodworth, Fifty-first Ohio Infantry.

No. 1. Report of Major-General Thomas L. Crittenden, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, December 9, 1862.

COLONEL: I am this moment in receipt of a note from your headquarters, asking me if General Stanley has come in yet. I presume this must refer to the foraging expedition of Colonel Stanley Matthews. As soon as I arrived at camp I sent an order to General Van Cleve to return to me a full report; but it has not yet been sent. As soon as it comes in it shall be forwarded. Eight wagons from my headquarters accompanied the party. They have all returned, well filled, but report that Colonel Matthews had a sharp skirmish, having quite a number killed and wounded, but that the wagons were filled and none lost. Since your orderly arrived, the inclosed note from Colonel Grose has been received through General Smith.* I declined to permit him to attack, for fear it might interfere with the proposed reconnaissances. Should you think differently, advise men, and I will yet direct the attack to be made.

A prisoner, taken by some of our troops and brought to me, reports that the attack was made by six regiments of cavalry, under Wheeler, who fought principally as infantry, being armed with Enfield rifles and navy revolvers; that the regiments are, however, greatly reduced, and do not number, all together, over about 1,500 men, and that this is the only force about La Vergne; also that Bragg left last week for Richmond; that Johnson is in command, and is camped some 4 miles this side of Murfreesborough; that his force numbers about 35,000 men. I will send him to you in the morning.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE,

Chief of Staff.

P. S.-Since writing the foregoing, Colonel Matthews' report has come in, which is herein inclosed.*

No. 2. Report of Surg. M. C. Woodworth, Fifty-first Ohio Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD BRIGADE, December 12, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to orders just received, I have the honor to report the result of my journey within the enemy's lines, under a flag of truce, to recover our wounded in the skirmish of the 9th. I left our outpost, accompanied by Drs. Russell and Mills, with an orderly and three ambulances, about 10 a.m., on the road passing from the Murfreesborough and to the Chicken pike, about 1 mile beyond the insane asylum.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

