
The officers and men acted gallantly, except a few who straggled from ranks during the engagement. The regiment left the field in good order when the retreat was ordered.

S. A. SHANNON,

Major, Commanding Twenty-fourth Tennessee Regiment.

Numbers 205. Report of Colonel E. E. Tansil, Thirty-first Tennessee Infantry, commanding Thirty-first and Thirty-third Regiments.

ON OUTPOST, MURFREESBOROUGH AND SHELBYVILLE PIKE,

March 13, 1863.

On the morning of December 29, 1862, we left our encampment near Murfreesborough, and crossed Stone's River, where we formed line and remained until the 31st, when we moved to the front, crossing a corn-field and entering a skirt of woods to the breastworks thrown up by General Withers' troops, and remained until his troops were driven back, when we were again moved to the front, crossing a pike, entering a small field and another narrow skirt of woods, and another small field, to a dense cedar grove, where we were halted and formed line. We were then moved again to the front, but had advanced but a short distance until we came upon the battery which had been playing upon us all the time after leaving the breastworks; also the infantry concealed in the woods. On volley from our well-aimed pieces caused them to abandon two pieces of artillery, which they were trying to get off, and threw the enemy in confusion, who commenced retreating immediately. The artillery was passed by the right of the Thirty-first and left of the Thirty-third regiments, who pursued the enemy hotly through the woods (in width half a mile, capturing about 20 prisoners) to a field where the enemy were in strong position on the line of the railroad, but were doing good execution, as the enemy were retreating across the field in great confusion, when some one came up, purporting to be on General Cheatham's staff, with orders to fall back by right of companies to the rear, which caused some confusion, as it was given publicly. We fell back some 100 yards and supplied the men with ammunition, and again took our position near the field, where we remained until the night of January 3.

Both men and officers acted very gallantly. My loss has been reported.

Respectfully submitted.

E. E. TANSIL,

Colonel Thirty-first and Thirty-third Regts. Tennessee Vols.

Numbers 206. Report of Captain T. J. Stanford, Mississippi Battery.

CAMP NEAR SHELBYVILLE, TENN.,

January 12, 1863.

On Monday morning, December 29, 1862, the battery moved from the camp, 1 miles west of Murfreesborough, to its position, with the brigade, in line of battle on the west side of Stone's River, in rear of Mrs. James'

