
[CHAP. XXXII.

house. Here we remained all day, nothing of interest occurring, and the monotony disturbed only by an occasional shot from the rifle batteries of the enemy passing over us.

On Tuesday morning heavy skirmishing commenced on our left, and was kept up with but little intermission during the day, and, though we did not participate in the fight until evening, the battery was more exposed to random shots than on the previous day. About 3 o'clock in the afternoon an order was received to send two of my pieces to the left, to assist in dislodging the enemy from a certain point. Accordingly, I dispatched Lieutenant Hardin with the first section, who promptly went forward to perform the duty. After an absence of about an hour the section returned but without its leader. Lieutenant Hardin, after having performed the object of his mission, and withdrawn the section with the view of rejoining us, was suddenly killed by a cannon shot. A gallant officer, a true soldier, and a Christian gentleman, he adds another to the log list of martyrs who have given their lives to their country's cause. Private M. Hartsfield received a painful but not dangerous flesh wound in this engagement.

On Wednesday morning about 9 o'clock I moved in rear of the brigade, on the road leading through the wood on our left, and while moving received an order from General Polk to take position in the old field on the right of the Wilkinson pike, and support Captain [O. W.] Barret's battery. This field, you will recollect, is the one extending to the enemy's lines, and, being for the most part level, his works covered and his guns swept every foot of the ground. Here I remained during the day, changing position only as circumstances required, or the retreating enemy invited to follow. Several times during the day the fire of the battery had a telling effect upon their lines of infantry, which were plainly to be seen. At one time they occupied a strong position in front of the little log-house (daubed with red mud), and held in check our forces, who had to march across an open flat of ground to attack them. Arriving in position in time to observe the enemy and the repulse of our forces at the same time, I threw a few well-directed shots into their ranks, which caused them to retreat precipitately. Our lines immediately advanced, occupied the position, and continued to drive them. Again, later in the afternoon, I advanced as far as the Cowan or burnt brick house, on the Nashville pike, from which point although exposed to a galling fire from their batteries, we succeeded in pouring a very destructive fire into their ranks, causing them to give back from several points, and materially aiding our infantry in their advance. Here we lost 2 men and several horses killed and one limber disabled. All day we were under fire from their batteries, until late in the evening, when we were ordered to resume our original position.

On Thursday morning I moved to a position on the Nashville pike, at the point where the railroad crosses that road, and remained all day and part of the following night without firing a gun. Indeed, there was no fighting and but little skirmishing on our lines during the time. Orders being received during the night, my battery, together with the other batteries of the division, moved, and was placed in the open woods on the right of the railroad, about 500 yards north of the Cowan or burnt brick house. Chalmers' brigade was sent to support us.

Very early in the morning (Friday) it became evident that the enemy would dispute with us for this ground. Twice during the day their skirmishers drove ours in, and the heavy columns of infantry following were only repulsed by our artillery. It having been determined that General Breckinridge should attack them on our right, orders were sent to me

