
that precisely at 4 o'clock I should open with my battery on the left of the woods skirting the river bank, and upon the enemy's batteries, in order, as I inferred, to draw their fire from our right. This I evidently succeeded in doing. They turned all their batteries on me, producing a concentration of shot and shell such as I never before witnessed. During the night I returned to the place I had left in the morning, and on Saturday morning moved to our extreme left, to resist a movement the enemy were supposed to be making in that direction. Here we remained until late in the evening, when orders were given to move to the rear of Murfreesborough. My movements each day of the fight were governed by orders directly from Lieutenant-General Polk. As usual, I did not move with your brigade in the fight, but I do not doubt but that I gave you as much support as though I had, for my positions covered your right and front as effectually as if I had been with you, and perhaps better.

I feel satisfied with the part the battery played, and know that I did our cause some service. Considering the exposed situation of the company, if would appear strange that we lost so few killed and wounded. This must be accounted for from the fact that I kept my caissons in the rear, out of range of the shot, and the limbers and drivers were, for the most part, sheltered. Only the officers and cannoneers were exposed all the time; nevertheless, we have to mourn the loss of 3 killed and 4 wounded-all by cannon shot. There were also 7 horses killed.

To Lieutenants [H. R.] McSwine and [J. S.] McCall I am much indebted for the proper management of the battery in the several engagements in which participated. The whole company acted bravely, doing no discredit to their reputation gained at Shiloh and Perryville.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

T. J. STANFORD,

Captain, Commanding Light Battery.

Brigadier General ALEXANDER P. STEWART,

Comdg. Second Brig., First Div., Polk's Corps, Army of Tenn.

Numbers 207. Report of Brigadier General George Maney, C. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. MANEY'S BRIGADE, CHEATHAM'S DIVISION,POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Camp near Shelbyville, Tenn., January 15, 1863.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report of the action of my command in the battle near Murfreesborough, Tenn., on the 31st ultimo:

It consisted of the First and Twenty-seventh Tennessee Regiments (consolidated), Colonel H. R. Feild commanding; Fourth Confederate Regiment (Tennessee), Colonel J. A. McMurry commanding; Sixth and Ninth Tennessee Regiments (consolidated), Colonel C. S. Hurt commanding Smith's field battery (four guns-two 12-pounder Napoleons and two 12 -pounder howitzers), First Lieutenant William B. Turner commanding. The battalions were arranged in line of battle from right to left, in the order above mentioned.

My brigade was on outpost duty at Stewart's Creek, on the Nashville and Murfreesborough pike, when the enemy commenced his advance from Nashville, and on the afternoon of Friday, December 26, hearing firing in front, I moved forward with my command to La Vergne, a point on

