
[CHAP. XXXII.

During the afternoon the bulk of our left and center forces were concentrated in these woods and formed in two lines, apparently in anticipation of the enemy making at attack to regain the field from which he had been driven. My command remained in position here in the front line until Friday evening, when I was ordered to take position to the right, in support of our batteries near the Cowan house.

At daylight, Saturday morning, I was ordered back to position in the cedar brake from which I came the previous evening, and remained there until our army retired from Murfreesborough, my brigade bringing up the rear on the Shelbyville road.

I cannot close my report of this memorable battle without expressing my highest satisfaction in the conduct of my entire command. During the main engagement, and the frequent and severe shellings to which they were exposed for the three days following, they exhibited the steady and reliable courage of veterans. Exposure to cold and drenching rain, added to the fatigue of the battle, could not fail in wearing, to some extent, their bodies; but under all the dangers and hardships incident to the time, the morale evinced was admirable. Truly, they bore themselves as soldiers, comprehending the stake involved.

My battalion commanders-Colonels Feild, Hurt, and McMurry-have my thanks for their gallantry and efficiency during the entire action, and I refer to their reports, filed with this, for particulars as to their officers and men. Also, I feel it proper to mention First Lieutenant Turner, commanding, First Lieutenant Chandler [S.] Smith and Second Lieutenant Charles [L. B.] Ingraham, of my battery, for their good conduct, and with them thank their command for the excellent manner in which their guns were served.

My staff-Captain [Thomas H.] Malone, assistant adjutant-general; Captain [E.] Cockrill, acting ordnance officer and aide; Lieutenant Keeble, acting assistant inspector-general and aide-all have my thanks for valuable services and assistance.

Captain R. H. Harrison, of the Ninth Tennessee Regiment, having been temporarily relieved from his regular command by the consolidation of his regiment, and Honorable John F. House, acted on my staff as volunteer aides, and exhibited both promptness and daring throughout the action.

In the latter part of the day, Captain [J. H.] Trezevant, First Louisiana Regiment (Regulars), reported to me, stating himself disabled by a wound for duty on foot, but anxious to render what service he could, mounted. Under these circumstances I accepted his service, and thank him for bearing several orders to different parts of the field.

I have previously furnished a statement of the losses from my command.

Very respectfully,

GEO. MANEY,

Brigadier-General.

Major JOHN INGRAM, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 208. Report of Colonel H. R. Feild, First Tennessee Infantry.

--- --, 1863.

In compliance with orders, I must submit to you the following report of the part my command took in the action before Murfreesborough on Wednesday, December 31, 1862:

Enemy opened fire on me just as our line arrived at the brick-kiln,

