
some 400 or 500 yards south of the Wilkinson pike, from a four gun battery about 200 yards distant, which I thought at first was our own battery, from its position and our very close proximity to it before it opened fire. With that belief I ordered the men to lie down, and sent Lieutenant [R. F.] James forward to tell them that they were firing on their friends. He approached within 50 yards of the battery, when he was shot dead by its support. I still believed it to be our own battery, and sent another mounted officer to see. I think it was Lieutenant [John H.] Marsh; I do not know. He rode within 40 yards of it, when its support rose up and fired a volley at him, but fortunately missing, when he wheeled his horse and made his escape. Then I became convinced it was the enemy, and ordered my regiment to open fire, which they obeyed with reluctance, the major part of the men thinking it was our own people. But after firing a few rounds they became satisfied it was the enemy, and then opened with great vigor, driving the enemy from his guns, which guns we passed over as we advanced, and also passed over another battery on the other side of the pike.

All the loss my regiment sustained was in the engagement at the brickkiln, which was some eighty-odd, and was the only place that we actually engaged the enemy.

Great credit is due both officers and men, who behaved themselves with coolness and bravery, and showed themselves worthy of the regiment to which they belong.

Captain Maney and his company was attached to my regiment throughout the whole, and acquitted themselves with equal credit with the rest of the command. Captain [E.] Cockrill was with me during the action and rendered valuable service, for which I tender him my thanks. He had his horse killed under him while riding in front of the regiment encouraging the men.

H. R. FEILD,

Colonel, Commanding First Tennessee Regiment.

[Brigadier-]General GEO. MANEY.

Numbers 209. Report of Colonel James A. McMurry, Fourth Tennessee Infantry.

NEAR SHELBYVILLE, TENN.,

January 29, 1863.

I respectfully report that my regiment, agreeably to orders from Brigadier General G. Maney, commanding brigade, marched from their camps early on the morning of December 29 last, and took their position in line of battle in the center of the brigade before Murfreesborough, on the west bank of Stone's River, and remained there until the morning of the 31st, the day of the general engagement, except the first evening, when it was ordered to march to the left a few hundred yards, when firing from artillery and infantry indicated that a strong attack might be made. The regiment encamped there until the next day, when it was ordered back to its first position in line of battle.

At an early hour on the morning of the 31st, the firing from artillery and infantry gave evidence that all parts of the front line were engaged in battle, when the regiment, as early as 8 a.m., was ordered by the brigade commander to advance, for the purpose of participating in the battle.

47 R R-VOL XX, PT I

