
woods. When they had proceeded about half through the woods, the enemy, from their numerous batteries on the Nashville and Murfreesborough turnpike, began and directed a heavy cannonading against our advancing line, which continued for some twenty minutes, resulting in the wounding of some 2 or 3 men in my regiment, and from here the regiment and brigade, which had been in the present line of attack ever since it had arrived at our front line of battle, advanced under the command of Colonel Feild (General Maney having been assigned to take command of the left) to a field on the Nashville and Murfreesborough turnpike, where it was directed to be halted, and where it opened a fire on the enemy's line on the turnpike, when 1 officer of the regiment was wounded and 1 private killed, which closed the fight on the part of my regiment that day. My regiment encamped here that night on our extreme front line, and remained on our extreme front line, except one night, until our forces were withdrawn on Saturday night, at 2 a.m., the brigade constituting the rear guard of the retiring forces.

During the three days after the fight of the 31st the enemy kept up a brisk but irregular fire on our line, which was not returned in any way, except by some skirmishers, which I kept constantly in front of my regiment, and who, it is believed did considerable execution against the enemy by the discharge of their small-arms.

I have further to report that the men and officers of the regiment endured considerable hardships and privations during the six days we were in line of battle before Murfreesborough with great patience and fortitude, such as becomes true soldiers, without uttering any complaint, and that the field, staff, and company officers gallantly and with alacrity performed their duties during the whole time, and to whose assistance much is due to the part performed by the regiment during the engagement.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. A. McMURRY,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Tennessee Regiment.

Captain THOMAS H. MALONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 210. Report of Major John L. Harris, Sixth Tennessee Infantry, commanding Sixth and Ninth Regiments.

MARCH 20, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the Sixth and [Ninth] (consolidated) Tennessee Regiments in the late action before Murfreesborough on December 31, 1862:

Having been posted on the left wing of General brigade-which was in the center of the left wing and in the second line, which rested on Stone's River, where we had been for two days before the regular engagement, which began on the morning of December 31-when the firing had become heavy in the front line, which was early in the morning of December 31, we were ordered forward to support it with the balance of the brigade, by General Maney. After marching straight to the front about 300 yards, we were halted in a corn-field about 200 yards in front of a wood lot, in which a portion of the enemy were posted. While in

