
I passed about 5 miles on the Chicken pike, in the direction of Stone's River, to a house where we had left one of the enemy's wounded-he being too severely wounded to move-which we left on the evening after the engagement. I found that a flag of truce had just removed his body to the enemy's lines. I left the Chicken pike just this side of the burned bridge crossing Stone's River, leaving the road to my left, and passed on about 1 1/2 miles, to a house where I had left 6 of our men, who were wounded when the enemy made their last attack on the rear of our train. I found that the enemy had buried one of our dead left upon the field, also one of our wounded, who had died from a wound of the abdomen. I sent the remaining five in two ambulance and passed on about 1 mile in the direction of La Vergne, where I came to the enemy's outposts. I here waited one-half hour for the arrival of a proper officer to receive the flag, when Lieutenant Colonel William S. Hawkins, of General Wheeler's staff, came and escorted me to the house of Dr. Charlton, where I found one of our wounded, also one of the enemy's wounded, fatally.

They spoke of it as battle rather than a skirmish, and admitted a loss of 8 killed upon the field. The picket at the outpost said they had carried away a large number of wounded, but would not state how many. I took our wounded man in the ambulance, and left their lines to return about 4 p.m. Colonel Hawkins assured me they had but one of our men prisoner, a lieutenant of the Eighth Kentucky Volunteers, who was slightly wounded in the back, and that he had been well cared for by their surgeons, and would soon be sent to our lines. The wounded on the field were all from the Eighth Kentucky Volunteers, and had all been paroled the day previous. Colonel Hawkins accompanied me about 2 miles from their lines on my return. I saw no force of the enemy this side of their outposts.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. WOODWORTH,

Surgeon 51st Ohio Vols., Acting Medical Director 23rd Brigade.

Captain E. A. OTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Division.

DECEMBER 9, 1862.-Reconnaissance toward Franklin, and skirmish near Brentwood, Tenn.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Colonel John A. Martin, Eighth Kansas Infantry.

No. 2.-Brig. General John A. Wharton, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

No. 1. Report of Colonel John A. Martin, Eighth Kansas Infantry.

CAMP NEAR NASHVILLE, December 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders from headquarters Ninth Division, I ordered the Twenty-fifth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel McClelland, and the Eighth Kansas Battalion, Captain Block, to proceed on a reconnaissance to the front, in the direction of Franklin, at 2 p.m to-day. The regiments left at the hour, and I rode with them as far as outside pickets, which had a short time before been fired into by a small body of the enemy. Here I received an

