
invincible. Among a few names that stand conspicuous are Color-Sergt. M. C. Hooks and Private Robert [T.] Bond, of Company E, Ninth Tennessee, who was seriously wounded at Shiloh, and at Perryville received a severe wound through his lungs, and was found among the foremost at Murfreesborough during all the exposure with a bullet-hole through his body. Be it said to the honor of the conscripts of Company I, Ninth Tennessee Regiment, they stood to a man, advancing and retreating in perfect good order.

Respectfully submitted.

JNumbers L. HARRIS,

Major, Comdg. Sixth and Ninth (consolidated) Tenn. Regts.

Captain THOMAS H. MALONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 211. Reports of Lieutenant William B. Turner, Smith's Mississippi battery.

SHELBYVILLE, TENN., January 14, 1863.

MAJOR: In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 2, issued from headquarters artillery, Polk's corps, Army of Tennessee, I have the honor to report that at the battle of Stone's River the company sustained a loss of 1 private killed (Henry Sellers) and 1 sergeant, 1 corporal, and 2 privates wounded, 4 horses killed and 6 wounded. No damage done to carriages or caissons.

The battery was engaged four different times on Wednesday, 31st ultimo, with the batteries of the enemy and firing on their infantry, averaging about half an hour to each engagement.

We were engaged some six times on Friday, 2nd instant. We drove back a line of infantry on Wednesday, and on Friday, in conjunction with Carnes' and Stanford's batteries, were engaged with several of the enemy's batteries, and drove back a column of their infantry. The effect of our two light 12-pounders was particularly noticeable. That evening after sundown, Captain Stanford, acting chief of artillery, seeing a line of the enemy's infantry approaching, ordered me to open fire, which I did upon them with my two light 12-pounder guns, firing several round and repulsing the enemy. We fired during the two days we were engaged some 800 rounds, composed of solid shot, shell, spherical case, and canister. We noticed nothing inefficient in regard to the projectiles of the Bormann fuses. We were compelled to use a few of the paper fuses. They proved inefficient, not preserving the range. We never used our adjustable sights, it not being necessary.

Very respectfully,

WM. B. TURNER,

Lieutenant, Commanding Light Battery.

Major M. SMITH,

Chief of Artillery, 1st Div., Polk's Corps, Army of Tennessee.

JANUARY 29, 1863.

In accordance with special orders issued from headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of Smith's battery

