
[CHAP. XXXII.

during the engagements before Murfreesborough, Tenn., from December 29, 1862, to January 3, 1863, both inclusive:

On the 29th, the battery was ordered to take a position on Stone's River, about 2 1/2 miles from Murfreesborough, on the left wing, and lay in position until late in the evening, whet it was ordered to take another position about three-fourths of a mile farther down on the left. In that position it remained until about sunset, when I was ordered to return and part my battery for the night near the first-named position. The battery was not engaged during the day, and did not fire a single shot.

On the 30th, I was ordered to cross Stone's River and take a position in rear of your brigade, which I did. During this day the battery was not engaged, though exposed to heavy shelling from the enemy's guns. In this position the battery remained until late in the evening, when I was ordered to return and park my battery for the night in the same place it occupied on the night of December 29.

On the 31st, I was ordered to cross Stone's River and take a position about half a mile from said river, which was done, and the battery went into action, firing a few rounds. From thence I was ordered about half a mile farther onward, to take another position. At this point the battery went into action a second time, firing upon one of the enemy's batteries, as well as upon their infantry. In this second engagement the battery fired about 200 rounds, and was engaged about forty minutes; succeeded in silencing the enemy's battery, as well as driving back their infantry. The enemy's battery having ceased firing, and their infantry having fallen back, I was ordered to advance farther onward and take a position near the one occupied by the enemy's battery, which had been captured during the second engagement. In this position the battery remained until late in the evening, when I was ordered to another position to the right of the one last occupied, and at this point the battery was engaged about twenty minutes, firing several rounds. I then parked it near by for the night.

On the morning of January 1, I was ordered with my battery to take a position near the one last held the evening before, which was done. The battery lay in this position during the whole day without being engaged. On the night of January 1, it was parked in the same place, and the men, according to orders, went to building fortifications, which occupied them until a late hour.

At 2 o'clock in the morning of January 2, the battery was ordered to the right of the Nashville pike, to take a position on Stone's River, which was done, and during the day it was engaged six times, averaging about a half hour to each engagement. In the action of this day the battery succeeded twice (in connection with those of Carnes, Stanford, and Scott) in driving back a column of the enemy's infantry. The effect of our two 12-pounder Napoleon guns was noticed particularly during the whole day, and late in the evening they succeeded of themselves in driving back a column of the enemy's infantry. Some time after dark I was ordered back across the pike, and parked my battery for the night.

On January 3, I was ordered with my battery to the left on the Wilkinson pike, and lay in position during the whole day without being engaged. In the evening of this day I was ordered to camp about 2 miles from Murfreesborough, on the Shelbyville pike, and there parked my battery until the evening of the 4th, when I was ordered to proceed on toward Shelbyville.

The commander takes great pleasure to include in this report that his men remained steadily at their posts, filling their respective duties

