
compelled to retire them after again driving the enemy from one of his batteries, which on that account I was unable to bring off. Withdrawing my troops to the Wilkinson pike, I there remained in line of battle on our extreme left for the remaining short portion of the day and for the entire night. There was no renewal of the engagement of Thursday, and on Friday morning Brigadier General Preston Smith having arrived I turned over his command to him.

The battery of Captain Scott, being otherwise disposed was not engaged with the brigade in the actions reported on. Its subsequent operations will form the subject of a report from its captain, through Brigadier General Preston Smith.

It is scarcely necessary to refer to the gallant conduct of the entire command. Obeying with alacrity every order I gave them to forward; engaging the enemy whenever they met him with a spirit and impetuosity which evinced their earnestness; retiring, even though exposed to the most galling fire, only when I ordered them, and rallying upon their colors whenever they were called upon to do so, they presented an exhibition of heroic valor seldom equaled and never surpassed by any body of men. The report of the fatality in the in the brigade demonstrates how well they have earned the tribute I pay them. The killed and wounded among officers illustrates how well they stood at their posts through all of the peril. The horses of every one of the general field and staff except one, and of every one of the regimental field and staff except two, were killed under them.

The incidents of conspicuous gallantry were so numerous as to preclude the mention of all of them in this report.

Colonel Young, of the Ninth Texas Infantry, seized the colors of his regiment in one of its most gallant charges and led it through.

When standard-bearer Quinn, a gallant soldier of the One hundred and fifty-fourth Senior Tennessee Regiment, was killed, Major J. W. Dawson snatched the broken staff, and carried it with the colors at the head of the regiment during the balance of the fight.

In many instances entire officers of some of the companies were killed and wounded, and they were gallantly led by the non-commissioned officers.

In the Thirteenth Tennessee Regiment Lieutenant-Colonel W. E. Morgan was mortally wounded, Major Peter H. Cole was killed, and senior Captain W. J. Crook was dangerously wounded. Captain R. F. Lanier took charge of the regiment and carried it gallantry through the fight.

All the regimental commanders behaved in a manner worthy of the responsible positions they had been called upon to occupy.

The company of sharpshooters was placed to the right of the One hundred and fifty-fourth Senior Regiment and not used as a separate command. Its commanding officer, Lieutenant J. R. J. Creighton, was dangerously wounded and Second Lieutenant A. M. Bunch was killed while noble leading their men. Lieutenant T. F. Pattison carried them through the remainder of the fight with great credit.

Captain M. W. Cluskey, assistant adjutant-general, discharged his duty to the fullest extent. Intrusting to him the execution of the most important orders, he carried them out with a promptness and coolness which greatly facilitated me in the direction of the brigade. In one of the warmest charges near the Nashville pike his horse was killed under him.

I must bear especial testimony to the gallant conduct of Lieutenant Frank B. Rodgers, aide-de-camp, and Captain John W. Harris [Company L, Fifth

