
rested a short time, and as we moved from here we changed front forward on first company, first battalion, and marching across an open field into a cedar thicket to the left of Brigadier-General Polk, and engaged the enemy and drove them across a field, and our men followed them, although raked by artillery from the front and right and a terrible fire of musketry. Near the Nashville pike we drove them from two pieces of artillery immediately in our front, with the assistance of the rest of the brigade. We fell back from here to the Wilkinson pike and bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of January 1, 1863, we moved a short distance to the right down the Wilkinson pike in rear of the division, massed, when I turned the command over to Colonel Vaughan, jr.

Without casting any reflections where all did their part nobly, I would here mention Private Ike A. Stone, Company I, who was severely wounded early in the engagement, but, binding up his wounds, he took charge of his company, the captain (Crook) being wounded. He received a second wound, but still fought bravely on. Adjutant R. M. Harwell called for some person to take the colors, when Private Leon Joubert, Company G, volunteered and carried them through the remainder of the fight, always in front of the line and among the last to retire.

I herewith submit the list* of killed, wounded, and missing.

Respectfully,

R. F. LANIER,

Senior Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel A. J. VAUGHAN, Jr.

Numbers 214. Report of Major J. B. Johnson, Twenty-ninth Tennessee Infantry.

FEBRUARY 29, 1863.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-ninth Tennessee Regiment in the recent battle near Murfreesborough:

On Tuesday evening we were posted in line of battle about 60 yards in rear and to the right of Robertson's battery, which was soon after engaged in a furious cannonade with one of the enemy's batteries. We were exposed to the fire of the enemy all during the time, by which we lost several men killed and wounded, including two lieutenants of Company I, wounded.

Early Wednesday morning orders were received to advance and attack the enemy, strongly posted at the extremity of a large field about a quarter of a mile from our position, and, charging through this field, exposed to a brisk fire of shot and shell, the enemy were driven back from this position in disorder; but we not being supported on the flank, when the enemy came up with fresh troops, exposed to an enfilading fire on the left, the regiment and brigade were ordered to fall back to their original position, which they did in excellent order, having suffered the larger part of our casualties during the day at this place. Having rested for ten minutes, and received ammunition, an advance was ordered across the same field, a little to the left, the enemy having been driven back. They were again encountered in about a mile of the first position and,

---------------

*Embodied in Numbers 191, p. 676.

---------------

