
order from headquarters to send out another regiment and a section of artillery, and, in obedience, I immediately ordered the Eighty-first Indiana Regiment, Major Woodbury, and two pieces of Captain Carpenter's Eighth Wisconsin Battery to join the reconnaissance, and then went forward to join the force in advance. Colonel McClelland had already deployed four companies of the Twenty-fifth and Eighth as skirmishers on each side of the road, and these had engaged in a brisk running fight with the enemy, also thrown out as skirmishers. The latter fell back rapidly, some of them abandoning their guns and clothing in their hasty flight. I directed the battery to move up the road behind the infantry. Captain Pease, of General Davis' staff, had meantime joined the command, and was doing valuable service in reconnoitering to the right and front.

The whole command then moved forward, the skirmishers keeping up an occasional firing, until we were about 5 miles beyond Brentwood, when a considerable body of the enemy's cavalry was seen in the road about a mile ahead. I had the battery placed in position, and fired several rounds at them. The enemy disappeared in great haste at the first shot. We remained at this point until just before sundown, when, in accordance with our orders, we returned.

From the best information to be obtained along the road, the enemy's force is all cavalry, and numbers 250 or 300 men. We drove them from their camp, finding their camp-fires yet burning brightly when we came up. One private of the Twenty-fifth Illinois is reported slightly wounded. What loss the enemy sustained I as unable to ascertain, although several are supposed to have been wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JNumbers A. MARTIN,

Colonel Eighth Kansas Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant T. W. MORRISON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Division.

No. 2. Report of Brig. General John A. Wharton, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,Nolensville, Tenn., December 10, 1862-6 p.m.

GENERAL: I moved a forced reconnaissance yesterday, with a regiment of cavalry and one piece of artillery, on the Owen and Wilson, or Liberty pike. Found the enemy's camp near the junction of that pike with the Nolensville pike. Threw solid shot into their camp and aroused them sufficiently to induce re-enforcements to be sent to their aid. They showed no disposition to follow. The field officers and captains of Howard's regiment desire it to remain with me, and I am anxious for it to do so. I have never seen Colonel [James R.] Howard; the taking of it now would prevent me from picketing properly. Let me know if there is any probability of that regiment, or any other I have, being taken at any time, as I wish to know, on account of distributing clothing and drawing pay.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

General JOSEPH WHEELER,

Chief of Cavalry.

