
[CHAP. XXXII.

who had been with the regiment all the time since it became engaged, rode off to the balance of the brigade. Charging with a yell through the cedar brake in our front, the enemy fled at our approach. Having halted at the position formerly occupied by the enemy, we poured a fire into them as they retreated (with great loss) through the open woods which make up into the field in which is situated the first Abolition hospital we passed; but seeing they were getting out of range, and thinking the brigade had advanced on my right, I crossed the second fence and pursued after the enemy, who were completely thrown into confusion in the immediate front of my regiment and Wood's brigade, which had been advancing steadily after my regiment on the left. Here I discovered an extended line of battle moving across the open field a short distance in advance up the slope the sun revealed their blue coats, and we opened on them. They, as well as the line (rather mass) in our front, continued to retreat until they entered a wood about a quarter of a mile beyond the hospital above named. We followed them, advancing as far as the upper edge of the woods which make up into the field. Here some half a dozen batteries opened on us from almost every point of the edge of the woods opposite, and, seeing that the troops on the right were not advancing, we fell back a short distance after Wood's brigade and reformed. Here I dispatched a messenger in search of the brigade, but he failing to find it, I advanced with a battalion of sharpshooters, which had attached itself to my left, moving to the right-oblique across the open field and past the Abolition hospital above named some considerable distance, when a staff officer notified me that Cheatham's division was advancing in my rear, and that Maney's brigade, from whom I was concealed by the buildings of the hospital, would fire on me for the enemy's sharpshooters if they saw me. So, requesting him to ride back and notify that brigade, I fell back and formed on General Maney's left, where our own brigade found us upon advancing.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the conduct of my officers and men. My commissioned officers all did their duty bravely, so I will not specify any in particular. Lieutenant-Colonel Miles A. Dillard was conspicuous for the zeal, energy, and bravery he displayed during the whole day. My loss has been furnished numerically in another report.

With much respect, I am, captain, your obedient servant,

WM. H. YOUNG,

Colonel, Commanding Ninth Texas Infantry.

Captain M. W. CLUSKEY,

A. A. G., Fourth Brig., First Div., Polk's Corps, Army of Tenn.

Numbers 217. Report of Captain W. L. Scott, Tennessee battery.
HDQRS. FOURTH BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

January 10, 1863.

Captain JOHN INGRAM,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., First Div., Polk's Corps, Army of Tennessee:

CAPTAIN: Herewith I submit the report of Captain Scott, commanding light battery, attached to my brigade, of the part taken by his com-

