
mand in the engagement with the enemy on Friday and Saturday, 2nd and 3rd instant. My brigade remained in line of battle both these days, but, with the exception of skirmishing between our pickets and those of the enemy, nothing worthy of note occurred.

On Saturday night my command, in obedience to orders, was retired in the direction of Shelbyville.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

PRESTON SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

IN CAMP, NEAR SHELBYVILLE, TENN.,

January 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following official report of the part my battery took in the late engagement before Murfreesborough:

My battery was not engaged until Friday morning, being held in reserve on Wednesday, and there being no engagement with the enemy on Thursday. Early on Friday morning I was placed in position on the right of the Nashville turnpike, in an open field nearly opposite the large burnt house, but somewhat farther to the front. This field lies between the railroad and the turnpike, at the extremity of which (about 400 yards distant), on a slight ridge, is a skirt of woods, at that time occupied by our skirmishers. Robertson's battery was in position immediately in front of the burnt house, on my left. Soon after I took position here, the enemy advanced in line of battle. Robertson's battery first engaged them, and I immediately thereafter opened fire upon them, and in a short time we succeeded in driving them back to their original position. Two batteries of the enemy to my front and one to my left poured a heavy fire upon me, getting my range with great accuracy. I responded to their fire, and in this engagement lost 1 man instantly killed-Sergt. A. L. Townsend, a brave soldier and good officer. I could not see the effect of my shot upon the enemy's batteries, as they were concealed from view by the field immediately in front of me, but have since learned from our skirmishers, in the cedar glade on my left, that I drove one battery from its position, doubling one piece, which had to be left on the field. As the other batteries of the enemy were beyond my range, I was ordered to discontinue firing, which I did. Later in the day the enemy's skirmishers drove ours from the woods on the hill, when I shelled them out of this position, and it was occupied by our skirmishers.

About 4 o'clock in the evening I was ordered to open fire upon the enemy's lines from my position (which was entirely beyond my range), and after firing a few rounds to discontinue the firing, which I did. This caused the enemy to open fire upon me again with their batteries, in which I lost 1 man wounded in the head by a fragment of a shell-Washington McRea. I was then ordered to bring my battery behind the intrenchments.

Friday night, the enemy having again driven our skirmishers from the woods before mentioned I was ordered during the night to take position at the same place and shell them out at daylight, which I did. In taking position here I lost 1 man (Pat. Jordan) wounded by cannon wheel breaking his leg. I shelled the enemy out of the woods, and it was occupied by our skirmishers, who took several prisoners in this skirt of woods. I was under fire of the enemy's batteries at long

