
confusion. The reserve, being promptly ordered forward by Major-General Cheatham, made a gallant charge, but was also repulsed. Colonel Coltart, of the Twenty-sixth Alabama Regiment, having assumed command of Loomis' brigade, with the assistance of Captains [D. E.] Huger, [J. R. B.] Burtwell, and [E. B. D.] Riley, of my staff, ordered to the left for the purpose, quickly rallied and reformed the line. The two brigades, under Colonels Vaughan and Coltart, being now formed in line, were moved forward under the immediate direction of Major-General Cheatham, and, after a desperate conflict, dislodged the enemy from their strong position, and drove them for more than a mile and beyond the Wilkinson pike. Moving forward to the cedar brake, between the Wilkinson and Nashville pikes, and finding other troops pressing after the enemy in his front, Colonel Coltart, by direction of General Cheatham, moved his command to the right, and, coming into the front line on the east edge and extreme right of the cedar brake, had a sharp engagement with the enemy, occupying a ridge across a narrow cotton-field, and strongly supported by artillery. Manigault's brigade moved promptly at the proper moment, and his left swinging round, drove the enemy from the wooded ridge back on his second line. In the wheel through the open field, and before his command had completed the angle necessary to bring it on a line with Anderson's, a heavy fire from two batteries and a column of infantry was opened on him from his right, which, enfilading his line, checked and finally forced him back to his former position. Colonel A. J. Lythgoe, of the Nineteenth South Carolina Regiment, was killed in this charge while gallantly leading his command. He dies well who dies nobly. Minigault, quickly rallying his command, again moved forward, successfully driving, the enemy, and with every prospect of being able to hold his position, when the repulsed of the troops on his left, leaving both flanks exposed, rendered it necessary for him again to fall back. The position of the forces and character of the ground and movement, however, rendered it impossible altogether to avoid a cross or enfilading fire. The repulse at any point only increased the liability. The supporting brigade, under Brigadier-General Maney, was now moved forward, and, taking position on Manigault's left, both brigades moved forward, meeting comparatively with but little opposition. As Manigault swung round to a line with Anderson, this brigade was put in motion, and soon Manigault's right was engaged in an attack on a battery, with strong supports of infantry. The assault seemed successful, but before the capture was made, a brigade of the enemy moved up from below the hill, forcing back the regiments engaged, but was in turn driven back by Anderson's left, which was sweeping round. This concluded the engagements of Manigault for the day. His command had been subjected to a most trying ordeal, and had suffered heavily. The calm determination and persistent energy and gallantry which rendered Colonel Manigault proof against discouragements had a marked influence on and was admirably responded to by his command.

Anderson's left, being now moved forward immediately after the right of Manigault, was quickly engaged with the strong force in front. No brigade occupied a more critical position, nor were the movements, of any invested with more important consequences. Opposite there were three batteries strongly supported by infantry. The capture of the batteries and rout of the supports was a necessity. Anderson was, therefore directed to take the batteries every cost. Stewart's brigade had been moved up into the woods within close supporting distance. In rapid succession Anderson threw forward his regiments from left to right, and

