
[CHAP. XXXII.

terrific was the fire to which they were subjected. Time and again checked, and almost recoiling before the tremendous fire, the regiments were as often rallied by their gallant and determined officers, and the brigade advanced by its cool, steadfast, and skillful commander. His right temporarily falling back in some confusion, caused by the fall of the gallant, commanders of the two right regiments (Lieutenant Colonel James L. Autry, commanding Twenty-seventh Mississippi, killed, and Colonel W. F. Brantly, of the Twenty-ninth Mississippi, stricken down by the concussion from a shell exploding near him), Brigadier-General Stewart was ordered forward to the support. In splendid order, and with a cheer, this fine brigade moved forward under its gallant and accomplished commander. Anderson's right, quickly rallying and pressing forward vigorously, attacked and drove back the enemy. This completed the rout of his first line and the capture of the batteries. Our loss, however, was very heavy, the Thirtieth Mississippi alone having within the limits of an acre 62 officers and men killed and 139 wounded.

Stewart, having moved his brigade to the left down the Wilkinson pike, now pressed forward on Anderson's left and hotly engaged the enemy. The determined advance and steady fire of our forces was more than the enemy could withstand. The entire force gave way, and in wild confusion rushed through the cedar brake in rear, being pursued to the northeast edge of the brake, and subjected to an irregular but quite effective fire. Within the northeast edge of this cedar brake, nearly parallel with the Nashville pike road and at right angles to the original line of battle, our troops were halted. They required rest and ammunition.

At 11 a.m. Brigadier-General Chalmers received an order direct from the lieutenant-general commanding to move forward and attack the enemy posted in his front. Quickly advancing to the Cowan, or burnt house, he was there met by a destructive fire, and soon after, while actively engaged in the discharge of his duties, was stricken down by a fragment of a shell and borne senseless from the field. The quick perception, prompt decision, and fearless energy of this gallant officer being lost to his command, and his staff failing to report promptly to the officer next in rank, this veteran brigade became disorganized, the regiments attaching themselves to and serving with other commands until night, when they were brought together and placed in their original position under Colonel [T. W.] White, of the Ninth Mississippi Regiment. The brigade of Chalmers being driven back, the support under Brigadier-General Donelson was ordered to the attack by the lieutenant-general commanding, and moving rapidly forward was warmly engaged, but was repulsed and, gradually swinging to the left, passed into the cedar brake.

On the morning of January 1, Anderson's brigade was moved to the position originally occupied by Donelson, and in rear of Chalmers. At daylight on the morning of January 1, Chalmers' sharpshooters were ordered forward, to ascertain the position of the enemy. Moving forward, and into the Round Forest, they drove out the skirmishers of the enemy, whose forces had been withdrawn during the night, and could then be seen in a northeast direction. Quiet prevailed until late in the evening, when the enemy sent forward a force and retook the Round Forest, driving back our skirmishers into the skirt of woods above and on the river.

Before daylight on the morning of the 2nd, the batteries of Stanford, Carnes, and Smith had been moved up and placed in the north and outer edge of this river skirt of woods by Captain J. R. B. Burtwell, division chief of artillery, and Scott's battery advanced up the Nashville pike to a line within but some 300 yards south of the others. In support,

