
Chalmers' brigade, under Colonel White, had been moved up and occupied the crest of the ridge in rear, and the skirmishers thrown forward extended to the railroad on the left.

At dawn the skirmishers advanced and drove out the enemy from the Round Forest, but in turn were forced to retreat before superior numbers. The enemy advancing, opened fire on the artillery, which, promptly responding, soon shelled them into a precipitate retreat, when, with an increased force, we again occupied the Round Forest. Anderson's brigade had been advanced to and now occupied the former position of Chalmers. The brigades of Manigault and Coltart occupied the southern extremity of the cedar brake, and the right of the column facing the Nashville pike.

Shortly after 3 p.m. the batteries on the hill, as previously instructed, opened a brisk fire on the enemy, whose line extended toward the river and beyond, or into the extreme edge of skirt of woods, the nearest point of which was some 300 yards from that in which our batteries were. The firing was continued as long as it could be with safety to the column of General Breckinridge, advancing on the east side of the river. The left of this column passing across the river into the woods, in or behind which rested the left of the enemy's force, was immediately attacked by it and driven up the river toward the position of Chalmers' brigade. Colonel T. W. White immediately threw out supports, with instructions to drive back the enemy. This was followed by a general advance of the enemy along his entire front, and his being driven out of the Round Forest back into the woods on the river. Night closing in, the fighting ceased for the day.

Late in the evening, Anderson's brigade, under orders from the commanding general, was moved rapidly across the river to the support of General Breckinridge, and did not rejoin the division until the morning of the 4th. That night Manigault was moved to the position vacated by Anderson, and Coltart was moved up to White's support, and their commands placed in proper positions for operations the next morning.

At daybreak on the morning of the 3rd, the artillery shelled the Round Forest, which was immediately thereafter charged into by the infantry, and the enemy driven out with considerable loss. Brisk skirmishing was kept up through the day, chiefly with Coltart's command, which occupied the Round Forest.

Late in the evening, after subjecting the Round Forest and woods to a terrific cannonading, the enemy advanced in force, and, engaging our troops succeeded in breaking a part of our line, when the timely arrival of the reserves enabled the line again to advance, and, after a very sharp and well-contested engagement, to repulse the enemy. Lieutenant-Colonel Farrar, of the First Louisiana (Regulars), was mortally wounded in the engagement. He was a bold and gallant officer, and had arrived on the field only in time to assume command of his regiment in this last engagement. Their infantry being driven back, the enemy renewed the cannonading, continuing it some time after dark. Colonels White and Coltart proved themselves deserving of commendation by the admirable conduct of their commands throughout the harassing period of their occupancy of this important and almost isolated position.

The troops were withdrawn on the morning of the 14th contest or pursuit. For seven days they had cheerfully endured fatigue, exposure, and hardships sufficient to cause despondency in any breast not actuated by the same steadfast determination to dare all and suffer all in defense of the right. In temporary repulses and the most trying

