
[CHAP. XXXII.

positions, the total absence of everything like panic, and the cool self possession and alacrity with which they rallied, reformed, and moved forward against the enemy, was as truly remarkable as it was most honorable.

The timely preparations made under direction of Surgeon [Carlise] Terry for the care of the wounded seem to have been as judicious and ample as was practicable, and the infirmary corps for the division discharged its duties fearlessly and well.

To Captains D. E. Huger, assistant adjutant-general; J. R. B. Burtwell, chief of artillery, and E. B. D. Riley, chief of ordnance, I am indebted for valuable and indispensable services. In extending order, seeing to their execution, and in rallying and cheering on the troops, they were energetic and untiring, displaying gallantry and capacity. Major B. M. Thomas, adjutant and inspector general, reported on the field from sick leave on the morning of the 2nd, and immediately entered on the discharge of his duties with intelligence and efficiency. Lieutenant R. W. Withers, aide-de-camp, Asst. Surg. J. Paul Jones, and Lieutenant Charles L. Huger, First Louisiana (Regulars) were, through the entire engagement, actively, zealously, and most creditably engaged in the discharge of the various duties assigned them. Major W. H. Ross,acting commissary of subsistence and Major R. Q. Pinckney, quartermaster, did go service in their respective departments. Captain T. M. Lenoir and Lieutenant H. R. Gordon, commanding escort, gave valuable assistance in the collecting and sending off captured property, in driving forward stragglers from and laggards in the fight and in staff duties, which they were several times called upon to perform. Private M. G. Hudson, of the Twenty-fourth Alabama Regiment, long engaged in the assistant adjutant-general's office, and well and favorably known within the command, rendered services on the field evidencing his fitness and capacity for a more responsible position.

The total strength of the division was 7,774; the total loss by casualties 2,519. Brigade and regimental reports and detailed statement of casualties have heretofore been forwarded.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

J. M. WITHERS,

Major-General.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Polk's Corps, Army of Tennessee.

Numbers 220. Report of Captain Felix H. Robertson, Florida battery,* Deas' brigade.

SHELBYVILLE, TENN., January 12, 1863.

SIR: By direction of Lieutenant-General Polk, I reported to General Breckinridge on Friday evening, January 2, with Robertson's battery of six Napoleon guns, and Semple's battery of four Napoleon guns; in all, ten guns. My command was formed in rear of the line of the infantry, and finally behind the artillery of the division which was immediately behind the second line. Leaving my caissons, I advanced to the edge of the opening through which the infantry had charged. The highest point of the hill to the left was selected to be the site of Robertson's battery; Semple's was to take the right. So soon as the ground

---------------

*Robertson's battery claimed both by Alabama and Florida. Finally credited to Florida.

---------------

