
The following is a list* of casualties: Four enlisted men wounded; 2 horses killed, 5 wounded.

Trail of piece struck by solid shot and rendered nearly unserviceable; 2 spokes shot from wheel of another carriage; 2 lint stocks, 1 shovel, and 1 sponge and rammer broken by the enemy's shot.

Battery engaged twice and under heavy fire every day, except January 1, from the morning of December 30, 1862, until dark of January 3, 1863.

Fired 73 rounds 6-pounder spherical case, nearly all of which burst short; 16 rounds 6-pounder solid shot, which struck lines of infantry 1,000 yards distant; 3 rounds 6-pounder canister; 84 rounds 12-pounder howitzer shell, which, at 900 yards distance, drove the enemy's infantry into woods farther back; 10 rounds 12-pounder spherical case, some of which burst short.

Respectfully,

O. W. BARRET,

Captain, Commanding Barret's Missouri Battery.

Numbers 223. Report of Captain David D. Waters, Alabama battery, Anderson's brigade.

CAMP NEAR SHELBYVILLE, TENN.,

February 16, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my battery in the battle of Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

I took the position in line of battle assigned by chief of artillery of Withers' division for my battery, on the left of the Fourth Brigade, about 10 o'clock on December 28, in which position I remained without interruption until the morning of the 30th, when the enemy, having forced in our skirmishers, got possession of a gin-house and other outbuildings, belonging to the farm of Mr. Harding, in front of the line of our brigade, and about 700 yards distant from my position. I was ordered by the colonel commanding brigade to shell them out, which I did, firing 10 or 12 shells and 4 rounds shot at the house. A few minutes after I ceased firing, the enemy brought up a rifled gun battery and placed it in position about three-quarters of a mile from my position; opened on me with percussion shell. I immediately ordered my caissons to move a position to my left, under cover of a wood. Finding that my position was completely commanded by this battery, and that my guns were no capable of doing them damage I, after consulting my brigade commanders, moved my battery to the left, and took a position in the middle of the brigade, covered by the timber on my right. Here I remained without firing until about 3 p.m., when the enemy made a general advance with infantry and artillery, driving in the line of skirmishers in front of the brigade, bringing into position in front of the right of the brigade a battery of six 12-pounder light guns. I opened upon them at a range of about 650 yards, and compelled him to draw off after firing 6 or 8 rounds. He then moved his battery up under cover of a wood opposite to my position, and took position on a hill about 400 yards from me, when he opened with shell and spherical case shot. At the same time a rifle battery, posted to my right, opened, assisted by

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

49 R R-VOL XX, PT I

