
No. 2. Report of Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,Camp Rosecrans, December 13, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in pursuance to orders, I moved with my command, consisting of the Third Kentucky, Seventh Pennsylvania, and Fourth Michigan Cavalry, at daylight on the morning of the 11th instant, taking the advance of the division and moving on the Wilson Creek pike. My advance guard, consisting of two companies of the Seventh Pennsylvania, found the enemy's pickets about 6 or 7 miles south of Brentwood, and drove them back on to a squad of about 50 of the enemy's cavalry. After some skirmishing, the enemy ran off over the hill. Lieutenant Frederick H. Geety, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, was wounded in the left shoulder.

We turned off on a by-road and bivouacked for the night. The next morning we moved upon Franklin, my brigade still having the advance. The advance guard struck the enemy's pickets 2 miles from the town and drove them in. The enemy had formed their line of battle to the left of the mill and near the creek. I was ordered by General Stanley to take two of my regiments and form in the field on the left of the road. I ordered Major Wynkoop to take his command and attack them, which he did, advancing to the top of the bluff and opening fire, which the enemy returned with spirit. He had but 50 men with him,the rest of his command constituting the advance, and being on the right with the artillery. The firing continued about fifteen minutes, when the enemy broke and ran.

The Third Kentucky came up and formed on the right of the Seventh Pennsylvania, but had no opportunity to engage. The Fourth Michigan was still farther to the right, under the immediate supervision of General Stanley or Colonel Kennett; consequently I cannot report the part taken by them in the engagement.

By order of General Stanley, I moved over on to the Murfreesborough road, in order to intercept the enemy's retreat after they broke. When they saw my column approaching, part of their force went off on some little road on the other side of the river. We had to make a circuit in order to cross, and by the time we got over they were out of the reach of pursuit.

I saw 3 of the enemy dead and 1 wounded. My loss was nothing. The Seventh Pennsylvania had 4 horses killed. I saw 6 prisoners with the Fourth Michigan.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant M. B. CHAMBERLAIN,

A. A. A. G., First Cav. Div., Fourteenth Army Corps.

No. 3. Reports of Brig. General John A. Wharton, C. S. Army, commanding cavalry brigade.
HEADQUARTERS WHARTON'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Nolensville, Tenn., December 12, 1862-3.30 p.m.

GENERAL: The enemy attacked Franklin this morning just before

