
[CHAP. XXXII.

two rifle guns posted in rear of Harding's dwelling, the battery on my right completely enfilading my line, but was firing over me, doing but little damage, except from falling limbs. The battery in my front occupied all of my guns. After a rapid fire of from three-quarters to an hour this battery was driven from its place. I continued to fire at it until they gained cover of a hill.

In this engagement Corporal Burke, while gallantly performing the duties of gunner, had his thumb shot off. Privates Quinn and Brady were slightly hurt by a falling limb.

None of my horses were hurt, and only slight damage done to my guns, viz: One sponge-staff shot in two, one spoke from right wheel of left center guns shot out by piece of shell, and the trail hand-spike of the first gun shot off.

I remained in this position until dark without firing, as the rifle guns to my right were out of my reach. The enemy's skirmishers, having taken a position about 350 yards from our lines, kept up a rattling fire (doing no damage) until dark, when I moved my command to the rear, to feed and rest my men for the night, where I received a supply of ammunition.

At daylight I received orders from the brigade commander to move at the same time the line of infantry charged to my first position, on the left of the brigade, and cover the charge. I moved to the left and came into battery, but found I could do nothing from that position, and, finding that the right of the line was hard pressed, I moved to the right to support the Tenth and Nineteenth South Carolina Regiments, from which point I commenced firing on the enemy's infantry, and was immediately opened on by one of the enemy's batteries, posted in the wood to the right of the Nolensville turnpike. Our infantry having fallen back to the old line, I kept up a regular fire to cover their preparations for a fresh charge. During the time between the first and second charges, some general officer, with staff escort, came to the front of the enemy's line, and in about 500 yards of my position. I gave them a few rounds of shot and shell, when they retired at a run. I think I must have done them some damage, as I saw my shell burst and shot strike among them, and afterward found one of the horses killed with a round shot. Our line being reformed, made a second charge, drove the enemy across a field within short range, where I had a good chance and gave them spherical case and canister.

During this engagement I regret to have to report Private Richard Murphy killed, Private William Shea wounded, and 1 of my lead horses killed and 2 others so badly wounded that I was compelled to leave them.

I was then ordered to report to Brigadier-General Maney, which I did, and was ordered to remain under cover until he could find a place for me, which I did. My command was not again brought into action. I continued to follow in rear of my brigade until dark, when I took a position in the woods to the left of the Nolensville pike for the night, and here received a full supply of ammunition for my 6-pounder guns and some 12-pounder ammunition.

I met with a great deal of trouble from the great number of friction-primers that were worthless. I was compelled to make on the field quill-primers, which answered the purpose. I would here request that a supply of primers be furnished my battery at once, as it would be totally unserviceable in a fight as it is.

I would here request to mention the gallant conduct of First Lieutenant Charles W. Watkins, to whom I was greatly indebted for his coolness and close attention to orders while under fire; also Sergeants Martin,

