
Turner, and Armstrong. In mentioning these names I do not wish to detract from the rest of my command, all of whom acted with great coolness and attention, the gunners firing slowly and deliberately, doing good service.

I found that the lack of long-range guns was a great drawback to our batteries, for the enemy could, at a distance too far for us, fire upon our lines without interruption and in perfect safety, making his aim more accurate and fire more destructive.

I regret to report that, upon the night of the 30th, Quartermaster Sergt. Thomas Maxwell, while attempting to get to the company with rations, passed through a gap in our line of battle between the left of the Fourth Brigade and the right of the First, was fired upon by the enemy's pickets, killing his horse and wounding him very severely in the knee.

Major, I am, respectfully,

D. D. WATERS,

Captain, Commanding Waters' Battery.

Numbers 224. Report of Lieutenant General William J. Hardee, C. S. Army, commanding Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Tullahoma, Tenn., March 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to forward by the hands of Colonel J. H. Kelly, Eighth Arkansas Volunteers, Lieutenant-General Hardee's corps, the report of that general of the part taken by his corps in the battle of Murfreesborough, December 31 to January 3; also the reports of division and brigade commanders, including those of Major-General McCown's division, which was, during the most important part of the operations, under Lieutenant-General Hardee.

Some errors and misapprehensions of Major-General Breckinridge, incorporated in his report, will be corrected by reference to copies of notes received from his on the field of battle, and which are appended to the report, with an order for the cavalry movement, indorsed by Brigadier-General Pegram as "received." To these papers, appended to General Breckinridge's report, I invite special attention.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,Tullahoma, Tenn., February 28, 1863.

COLONEL: After the campaign in Kentucky, our forces were collected at Murfreesborough, while the enemy gradually concentrated an army, reported 70,000 strong, around Nashville. Every preparation that forecast could suggest was made by them to crush our army and obtain possession of Central Tennessee. For nearly two months there was apparent inaction, interrupted only by skirmishes, raids, and a successful affair at Hartsville. The enemy occupied Nashville, their right extend-

