
[CHAP. XXXII.

Calvert's and [Put.] Darden's batteries in position near the Wilkinson turnpike, and boldly engaged some heavy rifled batteries of the enemy. This officer nobly discharged his duty, and was twice wounded. The First Arkansas and the Fifth Confederate afterward charged the batteries, and captured four of the guns. Several colors, a large number of prisoners, medical stores, hospitals, ammunition trains, and caissons, were captured in this conflict. The battle at this point was bloody. Here General [Joshua W.] Sill, of the Federal Army, was slain.

Cleburne had now driven back all the forces of the enemy beyond the Wilkinson road, when another line was displayed in the cover of the cedar woods between the Wilkinson and Nashville turnpike. Wood, Polk, and Johnson charged this line, receiving a heavy fire. Her Lieutenant-Colonel Don McGregor, of the First Arkansas, and Major J. T. McReynolds, of the Thirty-seventh Tennessee, two brave officers, fell, mortally wounded. Brigadier-General Liddell attacked the enemy near the left of Brigadier-General Johnson, whom he had rejoined, and, after an obstinate conflict, threw them into confusion. Here Colonel Samuel G. Smith, of the Sixth and Seventh Arkansas, and Colonel John H. Kelly, of the Eighth Arkansas, both gallant officers, were wounded; and here Lieutenant-Colonel John E. Murray, of the Fifth Arkansas, courageously bore the colors of his regiment to the front, while Private J. K. Leslie, of the same regiment, captured the colors of the enemy with his own hands. A portion of Cleburne's division was repulsed, but, after a bloody combat, the enemy were finally dislodged. On our right their lines remained unbroken. With our inferior numbers no further advance could be hazarded until all my forces were collected. Wood, having fallen back for ammunition, was detained to protect the ordnance train. The remaining brigades occupied the cedar brakes and fields near the Nashville road. The command of Cleburne was now reformed, and about 3 o'clock he essayed to rout a fresh line of the enemy near the Nashville turnpike. The enemy were again broken with heavy loss. Johnson's brigade was conspicuous in the conflict, in which the brigade of Preston Smith also shared. It was now past 3 o'clock. In moving through the open grounds to drive the enemy from the last positions they held near the railroad, a fierce and destructive enfilading fire of artillery was poured upon the right of Cleburne's division from batteries massed near the railroad embankments. At this critical moment the enemy brought up a fresh line to oppose our wearied troops. Our ammunition was exhausted. Smith's brigade recoiled in confusion. Johnson and Polk followed, and the division was repulsed. It was rallied and reformed in the edge of the cedar woods, about 400 yards in rear of the most advanced position we had won. Brigadier-General Polk in this conflict suffered very severely, but, while we sustained, we inflicted great loss.

When I withdrew from the extreme right, Tuesday evening, Major-General Breckinridge's division was left in its original position on the Lebanon road. Brigadier-General Jackson having reported to me with his brigade, it was posted on the east side of the Lebanon road, to the right of Adams' brigade. These five brigades, under Major-General Breckinridge, remained in position from Sunday to Wednesday without any material event, except a skirmish for an artillery position, already mentioned.

About 11 o'clock Wednesday the brigades of Adams and Jackson were, in obedience to orders of the commanding general, sent across the river to the assistance of Lieutenant-General Polk, who was reported to be hard pressed. Crossing the ford about midday, they were formed near the intersection of the Nashville Railroad and turnpike, with their right stretching to the river, and were moved down the Nash-

