
Federal infantry, unsupported by artillery, has not in a single instance fought successfully with ours when the odds were less than three to two.

I herewith inclose a tabular statement (A), which exhibits the losses sustained by the divisions of McCown, Breckinridge, and Cleburne, and the brigades of Jackson and Wharton, amounting to 5,663 in killed, wounded, and missing.

To the officers and men of my command I return my heartfelt thanks for the ability and striking courage displayed by them at Murfreesborough. The field required that much should be confided to the commanders of divisions, brigades, and regiments, and it is to me a grateful duty to acknowledge how well these officers merited my confidence. The men illustrated the day by a discipline, courage, and devotion never surpassed. In the reports of my subordinate commanders will be found many instances of individual heroism which the limits of this report will not permit me to record.

My thanks are due to the members of my staff, namely: Major T. B. Roy, chief of staff; Captain D. H. Poole, assistant adjutant-general; Captain D. G. White, acting assistant adjutant-general; Major W. D. Pickett, assistant inspector-general; Captain S. L. Black, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant T. W. Hunt, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant W. W. Wilkins, aide-de-camp; Major L. Hoxton, chief of artillery; Major J. M. Kennard, chief of ordnance; Surg. A. L. Breysacher, medical inspector; Major C. W. Gassett, chief quartermaster; Major W. E. Moore, chief of subsistence, and to General D, W, Yandell, my medical director, to whose good management I am indebted for having both my own and the Federal wounded in Wednesday' fight rapidly removed from the field and cared for before midnight.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

A.

Tabular statement of killed, wounded, and missing, to accompany Lieutenant-General Hardee's report of the battle of Murfreesborough.

Command.	 Commander.	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missin

 	 .	 .	 g.

HARDEE'S CORPS.

Breckinridge's

Division.

Palmer's	 Colonel Palmer	 49	 324	 52

brigade*

Preston's	 Brigadier-General	 58	 384	 97

brigade	 Preston

Adams' brigade#	 Brigadier-General	 112	 445	 146

 Adams

Hanson's brigade	 Brigadier-General	 47	 273	 81

 Hanson

Total	 Major-General	 266	 1,426	 376

Breckinridge's	 Breckinridge

division.

---------------

*Brigadier-General Pillow assigned to command previous to action, January 2.

#Colonel Gibson command after General Adams was wounded.

---------------

