
daylight. Colonel [Baxter] Smith, who was there with 400 men, engaged them. The enemy forced him to retire, with a loss of 3 men killed and 6 wounded. Colonel Smith lost one of his most valuable officers. Colonel Smith reports the enemy's force to be two regiments of cavalry and one of infantry. The colonel is still near Franklin. I had put a force of 400 men there instead of 200, as I was ordered. I had also ordered one more regiment to his assistance, which did not reach him in time. General Cleburne is now moving on Franklin, on the Triune and Franklin dirt road, and I have sent Colonel [Thomas] Harrison, with his rangers, and [John R. Davis'] battalion of cavalry on the Franklin and Nashville pike, to hold the enemy in check until the arrival of General Cleburne's force. I advised General Wheeler last evening of the movements of the enemy; also this morning that I thought the enemy designed moving on that place.

I have the honor to be,yours, respectfully,

JNumbers A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Lieut. Colonel LEONIDAS POLK,

Comdg. Polk's Corps d'Armee, Army of Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS WHARTON'S BRIGADE,POLK'S CORPS D'ARMEE, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Nolensville, Tenn., December 12, 1862-7.30 p.m.

GENERAL: I dispatched you this morning, advising [you of] the occupation of Franklin by the army, who, after breaking the stones and destroying the machinery of the mill, left,via the Nashville pike, about 11 o'clock. Colonel Smith has returned to Franklin and reoccupied the place. The force of the enemy engaged this morning was 2,000 cavalry and two pieces of artillery, being five times as much as Colonel Smith's force. Their loss was 3 killed and 6 wounded. General [Colonel John] Kennett was in command. The infantry sent over there has been recalled, but the cavalry are in pursuit of the enemy. I have learned that the infantry now in my rear will soon be recalled, and I beg to call your attention to the exposed condition of my left and rear which will result therefrom. For this reason I would like to recall the force from Franklin, so as to have my forces more concentrated. The mill being communication with the enemy, which could be done by having my forces this side.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Lieutenant-General POLK,

Commanding Corps d'Armee, Army of Tennessee.

