
are explained by the fact that the reorganization of that division was perfected by several transfers of regiments only on the day previous to the battle of Murfreesborough.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. HARDEE'S CORPS, CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Tullahoma, April 20, 1863.

COLONEL: In obedience to instructions from headquarters of the army, I have the honor to forward herewith the names of officers who fell at the battle of Murfreesborough, conspicuous for their valor, to be inscribed on the battery of Liddell's brigade, and on one of the reserve batteries:

Liddell's battery.-Lieutenant Colonel Don. McGregor, First Arkansas; Captain James T. Armstrong, Company E, Sixth Arkansas; First Lieutenant H. C. Collier, Company H, Second Arkansas, and First Lieutenant H. J. McCurdy, Eighth Arkansas.

Reserve Battery.-Major Henry C. Ewin, Forty-fourth Tennessee Regiment; Major James T. McReynolds, Thirty-seventh Tennessee Regiment; Captain E. Eldridge Wright, Writh's battery, and Captain Edwin Allen, Company C, Twenty-sixth Tennessee Regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Tennessee.

Numbers 225. Report of Major General John C. Breckinridge, C. S. Army, commanding First Division, with appendix by General Bragg.
HEADQUARTERS BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION,January --, 1863.

I have the honor to report the operations of this division, of Lieutenant-General Hardee's corps, in the recent battles of Stone's River, in front of Murfreesborough.

The character and course of Stone's River, and the nature of the ground in front of the town, are well known, and as the report of the general commanding will, no doubt, be accompanies by a sketch, it is not necessary to describe them here.

On the morning of Sunday, December 28, the brigades moved from their encampments and took up line of battle about 1 1/2 miles from Murfreesborough in the following order: Adams' brigade on the right, with its right resting on the Lebanon road, and its left extending toward the ford over Stone's River, a short distance below the destroyed bridge on the Nashville turnpike; Preston on the left of Adams; Palmer on the left of Preston, and Hanson forming the left of the line, with his left resting on the right bank of the river near the ford. The right of Major-General Withers, of Lieutenant-General Polk's corps, rested near the left bank of the river and slightly in advance of Hanson's left.

