
[CHAP. XXXII.

ordnance officer; Lieutenant Darragh (severely wounded). Captains Martin and Coleman, of my volunteer staff, were active and efficient. The former had his horse killed under him.

Drs. J. F. Heustis and [John E.] Pendleton [Ninth Kentucky Infantry], chief surgeon and medical inspector, were unremitting in attention to the wounded. Dr. Stanhope Breckinridge, assistant surgeon, accompanied my headquarters and pursued his duties through the fire of Wednesday. Mr. Buckner and Mr. Zantzinger, of Kentucky, attached themselves to me for the occasion, and were active and zealous.

Captain E. M. Blackburn, commanding my escort, ever cool and vigilant, rendered essential service and made several bold reconnaissances. Charles Chotard, of the escort, acting as my orderly on Wednesday, displayed much gallantry and intelligence.

The army retired before daybreak on the morning of January 4. My division, moving on the Manchester road, was the rear of Hardee's corps. The Ninth Kentucky, Forty-first Alabama, and Cobb's battery, all under the command of Colonel Hunt, formed a special rear guard. The enemy did not follow us.

My acknowledgments are due to Colonel J. Stoddard Johnston, Lieutenant-Colonel Brent, and Lieutenant-Colonel Garner, of General Bragg's staff, and to Major Pickett, of Lieutenant-General Hardee's staff, for services on Friday, January 2.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APPENDIX BY GENERAL BRAXTON BRAGG TO THE REPORT OF MAJOR-GENERAL BRECKINRIDGE.

First. A note dated 10.10 o'clock, December 31, saying, "The enemy are undoubtedly advancing upon me."

Second. A note dated 11.30 a.m., December 31, in reply to what he calls in his report "a suggestion from the commanding general, "in which he says, "I am obeying your order;" but expressing the opinion that the move would expose him "to a heavy force of the enemy advancing from Black's " (on Lebanon road).

Third. A note dated 12.50 o'clock, January 1, 1863 (an error for December 31, 1862, the day it was received), correcting previous report as follows:"It is not certain the enemy is advancing upon me in two lines," &amp;c., and requesting the two brigades asked as re-enforcements against an imaginary danger be held where he could get them. The hour of this note shows, too, an advance of half a mile (see report) in one hour and twenty minutes.

Fourth. A note dated 7 p.m., December 31, an application to re-enforce Hanson in his isolation.

Fifth. An order to Brigadier-General Pegram, commanding cavalry, indorsed "received," directing the cavalry to join in the attack to be made by General Breckinridge.

It is stated in the general's report that he was informed the cavalry was to attack with him; that he failed to communicate with it, yet reported he would be ready precisely at 4 o'clock, and did attack at that hour with nearly a third of his force absent.

