
DECEMBER 14, 1862.-Attack on forage train and skirmish on the Franklin pike, near Nashville, Tenn.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Colonel Joseph R. Scott, Nineteenth Illinois Infantry.

No. 2.-Lieutenant Sylvanus H. Stevens, Stokes' (Chicago Board of Trade) Illinois battery.

No. 1. Report of Colonel Joseph R. Scott, Nineteenth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Camp near Nashville, Tenn., December 15, 1862.

SIR: I respectfully report having taken command of the division forage train yesterday, in accordance with orders from brigade headquarters. The Nineteenth Illinois, Sixty-ninth Ohio, and a section of artillery, Fourth Kentucky Battery, detailed as escort, proceeded on Franklin pike some 7 miles, securing the desired amount of forage. I placed the artillery in position to command forage train and the approached thereto. Being apprised of the immediate presence of the enemy, I sent the Sixty-ninth Ohio and one piece of artillery to the junction of a road leading into the pike to my rear, with the intention of holding that point until my train was formed. Shortly after my command had started for camp, firing was heard about half a mile to the left and rear. I immediately ordered back the Nineteenth Illinois and one piece of artillery, numbering about 20, attacking a forage party, consisting of 3 wagons, with an escort, consisting of 10 men, under command of Lieutenant Stevens, of the Chicago Board of Trade Battery. The rebels succeeded in capturing 5 men and 4 horses from one of the teams. The lieutenant and the balance of the men escaped. Our loss was 1 man wounded, 5 taken prisoners, 2 horses killed, and 4 captured.

Having no cavalry with me, I could not pursue the enemy to advantage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. SCOTT,

Colonel, Commanding Nineteenth Illinois Infantry.

Colonel A. V. SCHRADER,

Chief of Staff, Eighth Division.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-NINTH BRIGADE,Camp Hamilton, December 15, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded. The attack mentioned was not upon any part of the train under Colonel Scott's command, but an independent party, and the loss mentioned was of that party, not of Colonel Scott's.

Colonel Scott brought in his train and men all right. There was a delay in starting, owing to wagons of Seventh Brigade and Division not reporting in time. Very few of the teams had nay men detailed to load, except my brigade.

T. R. STANLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

