
[CHAP. XXXII.

my front faltered and gave way under the well-directed fire and continued advance of my brigade, and I had strong hopes of success, and pressed the command forward, but the enemy was promptly re-enforced; and, finding it wholly impracticable to take this battery, supported, as it was, on the right and left by heavy forces of infantry and having in its rear apparently the whole Federal Army from which to draw re-enforcements, I was convinced it was more than any brigade could accomplish, and full work for a division, well directed.

My loss in this engagement and that of Friday succeeding was, killed, wounded, and missing (officers and men), 728. The exact proportion of killed and wounded I could not ascertain.

In this engagement of Wednesday and the succeeding one of Friday, the Fifth Company of Washington Artillery, Lieutenant Vaught commanding, was detached, but did important and essential service. Among the killed I have to report and to regret the death of Colonel S. W. Fisk, who fell gallantly leading his battalion in the charge. He was a worthy, brave, and gallant officer. Lieutenant Colonel H. Maury was wounded in the side by a minie ball while leading his men, with his colors in his hand, and deserve praise for his gallant conduct. Colonel Gibson, Major [Charles] Guillet, and Major [F. C.] Zacharie all displayed commendable coolness and gallantry. Lieutenant [John L.] Chandler, adjutant of the Thirty-second Alabama, also deserves great praise for his courage and coolness under the trying circumstances in which he was placed. Captain Emile P. Guillet, my adjutant, continued with me and was of every great service, displaying undaunted courage, and, notwithstanding he received a severe wound in his left arm, continued on the field in the discharge of his duties.

So far as my observation extended, all company officers remained firmly at their posts, and conducted themselves with courage, gallantry, and coolness.

From the effects of a wound, received from a piece of shell, in my left arm, I found myself unable to take the chief on the following day, and my brigade wa, therefore, placed under command of Colonel R. L. Gibson, he being senior officer, who has, doubtless, already made his report of the engagement of Friday, the 2nd instant.

Very respectfully,

DANL. W. ADAMS,

Brigadier-General, Comdg. Adams' Brig., Breckinridge's Div.,

Hardee's Corps, Army of Tennessee.

Colonel [T.] O'HARA,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

COLONEL: Brigadier General D. W. Adams, being absent, requests me by letter to state that his report was written before he had received the reports of his subordinate commanders, and that he desired especially to make special mention of Captain M. O. Tracy, acting major; Lieutenant H. H. Bein, adjutant, and Captain T. M. Ryan, of the Thirteenth Louisiana Volunteers, and Captain [Thomas W.] Peyton, of the battalion of sharpshooters, who was severely wounded, for gallant conduct.

RANDALL LEE GIBSON,

Colonel, Commanding Adams' Brigade.

