
[CHAP. XXXII.

I should do injustice to the officers and men of the Thirteenth and Twentieth Louisiana Regiments did I not state that they displayed the best qualities as soldiers. It is difficult for troops to stand firm against great odds, under a heavy fire from the front and on the flank. This was not only done for some minutes, but at the outset, and until the full force of the enemy was developed on our right flank, we drove back his line on our front, charging beyond the fence in the corn-field and rescuing the colors of some Confederate regiment which had previously engaged the enemy in this position, and whose dead marked plainly its line of battle. I sent the colors, that you may return them to the gallant regiment whose brave dead spoke its eulogy.

Major Charles Guillet, commanding the right,contributed very much to steady this exposed flank of the command, acting as lieutenant-colonel.

I am chiefly indebted to Captain M. O. Tracy, acting major, and in charge of the left wing, for the steadiness with which it moved forward, and for its handsome behavior on retiring. This officer has bee mentioned in every report of various battle in which the Thirteenth Louisiana Regiment has been engaged-Shiloh, Farmington, Perryville; and having lost his leg in this action, I would especially commend him to the favorable consideration of our superior officers.

To Captains King, Bishop, and Ryan the praise of having borne themselves with great efficiency and marked courage is especially due.

Adjt. Hugh H. Bein acted with becoming coolness and efficiency, and to the color-bearer, Sergt. Roger Tammure, and Sergt. Major John Farrell great credit is due for the disregard of personal danger and soldierly conduct.

We moved to the rear of our artillery, and were no longer on that day under the infantry fire of the enemy. Lieutenants [Charles J.] Hepburn and [R. O.] Smith were killed in this action. They were brave and devoted young soldiers.

A reference to the list* of casualties will show the heavy loss sustained in this action.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

RANDALL LEE GIBSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain E. P. GUILLET, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ADAMS' BRIGADE, BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION,HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Tullahoma, Tenn., January 18, 1863.

SIR: On Friday, January 2, while in command of Adams' brigade-consisting of the Thirteenth Louisiana Volunteers, Major Charles Guillet commanding; Sixteenth Louisiana Volunteers, Major Frank [C.] Zacharie commanding; Thirty-second Alabama, Colonel Alexander McKinstry, the left to report to Major-General Breckinridge, our division commander. Crossing the river, I was placed in position by Colonel O'Hara, of the general's staff, about 150 yards in the rear of Brigadier-General Hanson's brigade, as a supporting line. We advanced as soon as the first line moved forward, preserving our distance until the first line became fully engaged, when I halted the brigade, the left resting upon the river. I ordered the officers and men to lie down, and to cover themselves from the batteries of the enemy on the opposite side of the river, whose fire

---------------

*Embodied in Numbers 191, p. 678.

---------------

