
No. 2. Report of Lieutenant Sylvanus H. Stevens, Stokes' (Chicago Board of Trade) Illinois battery.

IN CAMP ON FRANKLIN PIKE,

Near Nashville, Tenn., December 14, 1862.

(Received headquarters Eighth Division, December 15, 1862.)

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your orders, I proceeded with 3 wagons and a detail of 6 men to obtain forage on the Franklin pike; that before leaving the lines I had the pass from General McCook approved by General Negley, authorizing such commands. While on the road I was informed by Lieutenant Wood, of General Negley's command, commanding a party of forage wagons, that he had just obtained a quantity of forage at a place about 2 1/2 miles outside of the pickets, and that other teams, under an escort commanded by Colonel Scott, had gone beyond this place. Before commencing the loading of the wagons, I made a thorough reconnaissance of the position, and placed my sergeant on an eminence to observe the country around. While proceeding to load, about 20 or 30 guerrillas, mounted and well armed, surrounded my men. They fought as long as there was a chance of a defense, and then surrendered. Rather than be taken prisoner, I fought my way through, escaping on foot. In consequence of the gateway being blocked up by one of my wagons, the sergeant and myself held the party at the gate with our pistols while the teams were escaping. Five privates and 1 corporal were taken prisoners; 1 private wounded in the back. This man we brought away. Five horses were captured and 2 killed. The guard under Colonel Scott with train had passed without my knowledge, leaving my party about a half mile in the rear.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. H. STEVENS, Jr.,

First Lieutenant.

Captain JAMES H. STOKES,

Commanding Battery.

The date of this report is the date of the matters therein set forth, viz, December 14, 1862.

S. H. STEVENS, Jr.,

First Lieutenant.

DECEMBER 15-16, 1862.-Violation of flag of truce.

LIST OF REPORTS

No. 1.-Major-General Thomas L. Crittenden, U. S. Army,commanding Left Wing, Army of the Cumberland.

No. 2.-Captain George G. Knox, aide-de-camp.

No. 3.-Brig. General Horatio P. Van Cleve, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Division.

No. 4.-Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

No. 5.-Correspondence between Major-General Rosecrans, U. S. Army, and General Bragg, C. S. Army.

No. 1. Report of Major-General Thomas L. Crittenden, U. S. Army, commanding Left Wing, Army of the Cumberland.

HEADQUARTER LEFT WING, December 16, 1862.

COLONEL: I spent the entire day yesterday visiting the front of our

