
[CHAP. XXXII.

Numbers 228. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Maury, Thirty-second Alabama Infantry.

TULLAHOMA, TENN., January 12, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part borne by the Thirty-second Alabama Infantry, under my command, in this brigade, in the battle of Wednesday, December 31, 1862, before Murfreesborough:

We were placed on the left of the line of battle, the right of the brigade resting near Stone's River, and advanced in line under severe fire of artillery until nearly up with the burnt buildings, known, I believe, as Cowan's, when we were ordered to move by the right flank some 300 yards. Immediately afterward I was ordered to advance in line toward the enemy, leaving sufficient space on my right for the deployment of Colonel Fisk's regiment (Sixteenth Louisiana), which had been thrown into column of companies. In this order we advanced beyond the fences surrounding the burnt buildings under a very destructive cross-fire of artillery and small-arms, and, owing to a picket fence on my left, there was not quire room for the Sixteenth Louisiana to deploy, causing a temporary confusion, which, however, was speedily remedied by General Adams. At this point we commenced firing, but finding that it was not efficient on account of the excellent cover of the enemy, I ordered the regiment to cease firing and charge. At this moment we were exposed not only to the sweeping fire in front, but to a withering fire of musketry and grape from the cedar brake on our left, not more than 200 yards distant, and also a severe fire from the right, under which my men fell rapidly. Before we had advance far I received a wound which disabled me for the time, and at the same moment we received the order to fall back, which as far as I could see, was done in good order.

After having had my wound dressed, I gathered what was left of the regiment, which had suffered very severely (as will be seen by the accompanying report of casualties), and reported them to General Adams. We were not again under fire on that day.

Adjt. John L. Chandler acted with conspicuous gallantry, and rendered efficient service in preserving good order in the regiment.

The officers and men all, as far as I could judge, did their duty, and acted satisfactorily under the galling fire and trying circumstances we encountered.

Very respectfully,

H. MAURY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Thirty-second Alabama Regiment.

[Captain] E. P. GUILLET, Asst. Adjt. Gen., Adams' Brigade.

Numbers 229. Report of Major F. C. Zacharie, Twenty-fifth Louisiana Infantry, commanding Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Regiments.

NEAR TULLAHOMA, TENN., February 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the engagement of December 31, 1862, before Murfreesborough:

The regiment occupied the center of the line of battle of Adams' brigade, formed about the hour of 1 p.m. that day, just beyond the Nash-

