
ville turnpike ford. The order being given to advance, the regiment did so, with the Thirteenth and Twentieth Louisiana Volunteers on its right and the Thirty-second Alabama Volunteers on the left. Before reaching Cowan's house, General Adams ordered the regiment to be thrown into column of companies on the Nashville pike. In this order it moved forward a cotton-field, one of stubble, and a third of light undergrowth. Having passed through this, the regiment was halted and the column thrown forward into line. During its advance to this point the command was exposed, during the whole march, to a heavy fire from an eight-gun battery of the enemy, posted on the spot which they had now reached, two of the enemy's pieces being in our possession, one resting in our line and another a few paces in advance. As we neared the enemy's position we were met by a storm of missiles from small-arms, and, when finally halted, I noticed that some of our men were being wounded in the rear, and being struck on the back myself and turning to the direction of the fire, I discovered that the regiment of the enemy was in our rear while we were being engaged in the front and on the left by a large body of the enemy. These facts were communicated to General Adams, the regiment then being at a halt, engaging the enemy with great coolness.

At this time Colonel Fisk fell, mortally wounded, and Lieutenants [H.] Gregory and A. Ranlett were instantly killed. Shortly afterward, being ordered to retire, I attempted to withdraw my right, which was most exposed, by a flank movement. The order was misunderstood on the left, and the three left companies marched to the left. The line was thrown into confusion by this, and retired in disorder; the three center companies, remaining in good order, escorted the colors from the field in a very orderly and creditable manner. I attempted to rally the regiment several times, but, being unhorsed during the engagement, found it difficult to do so until we had retreated nearly a quarter of a mile. Lieutenant T. L. McLean was mortally wounded on the retreat, and Lieutenants [J. M.] Clayton, Louis Stagg, and [W. L.] Sibley seriously wounded.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the bearing of both officers and men during the engagement, exposed to a fire which had placed in one-half hour 217 hors de combat out of 457 that we carried into the engagement. Lieut. G. McD. Brumby, acting assistant surgeon, deserves especial mention for the brave and energetic discharge of his duty. He kept with the regiment during the whole engagement, and administered to the wants of the wounded on the field under a hot fire. Thanks to his activity and energy, all the wounded were safely housed in hospital and under treatment on the evening of the engagement.

Your obedient servant,

F. C. ZACHARIE,

Major, Comdg. Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Louisiana Volunteers.

Captain [E. P.] GUILLET,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Adams' Brigade, Breckinridge's Division.

No. 230. Report of MajorJ. E. Austin, Fourteenth Louisiana Battalion [Sharpshooters].

JANUARY 11, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Having deployed my command in front of General Breckinridge's division, in obedience to orders from division headquarters, I

51 R R-VOL XX, PT I

