
Killed, 1 enlisted man; wounded, 1 non-commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men; total killed and wounded, 5.

[We had] 4 horses killed and 4 disabled.

I desire to call your attention to the distinguished gallantry of Lieutenant Chalaron, who was selected by Major Graves upon the field to act as temporary chief of artillery; also to the gallantry of Lieutenants [T. M.] Blair and [A. J.] Leverich.

I desire also to mention Corporal Smith for his efficient gunnery and soldiership, and Corporal Adams, Privates Johnson and Walsh, and the detachment [No. 5.] which manned a piece of another battery. This is a difficult task where all conduct themselves with remarkable gallantry.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. C. D. VAUGHT,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

Col. R. L. GIBSON,

Commanding Adams' Brigade.

No. 232. Reports of Col. Joseph B. Palmer, Eighteenth Tennessee Infantry, commanding regiment and Second Brigade.

WINCHESTER, TENN., February 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit this report of the operations of the Second Brigade, Breckinridge's division, Army of Tennessee, in the late battles at Murfreesborough.

The following regiments compose the brigade: Twenty-sixth Tennessee, Colonel [John M.] Lillard; Eighteenth Tennessee [my own], Lieutenant-Colonel [W. R.] Butler commanding; Forty-fifth Tennessee, Colonel [A.] Searcy; Twenty-eighth Tennessee, Colonel [P. D.] Cunningham; Thirty-second Tennessee, Colonel [Ed. C.] Cook [at that time near Wartrace on detached service], and Moses' battery, Lieutenant [R. W.] Anderson commanding. It occupied the left center in the front line of the division, in line of battle, General Hanson being on my left, and Generals Preston and Adams on the right, and took that position on Sunday morning, December 28, 1862. I kept constantly deployed a line of skirmishers covering my front.

On Wednesday morning, learning that a wagon train and a body of Federal troops had appeared at the distance of 1 1/2 miles in front of my line, I ordered forward my skirmishers to investigate their strength and position, and sent Capt. D. H. C. Spence, of my staff, to direct their operations. They soon united with a detachment from General Pegram's cavalry, and the two co-operating captured 18 wagons and 170 prisoners, without any loss on our part. Capt. Gid. H. Lowe, of the Eighteenth Tennessee, and Captain Spence deserve much credit for their gallantry and efficiency on that occasion.

At noon on Wednesday, January [December] 31, I was ordered by General Breckinridge [as was also General Preston] across Stone's River, to the left wing of our general line of battle. Arriving there, we were immediately ordered to move upon the enemy's position just west of Cowan's residence. In this charge General Preston was on the right, while I was directed to form upon and move with his left, and, during the movement, to effect a general change of direction of my line to the right, so as to support the right brigade and flank the enemy.

