
lines. Found all quiet; very orderly and exceedingly wet. Late in the evening, whilst a flag from the enemy was waiting for an answer from General Rosecrans, the forces of the enemy came in and captured the cavalry pickets, numbering about 45 men, which had been placed by General Stanley in front of the Fifth Division, it being all the cavalry in front of my command. By 9.30 the enemy occupied the station where the cavalry had been captured, and were signaling from it. Another regiment was promptly ordered to the front, to strengthen our outposts, and the night passed quietly. The division all report no absentees without passes, and guard vigilant. I inclose a report from General Palmer requiring attention.*

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel J. P. GARESCHE.

No. 2. Report of Captain George G. Knox, aide-de-camp.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, December 25, 1862.

MAJOR:By permission of the general commanding, I accompanied a command on the 16th instant, numbering 111 men, of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Dickinson, who was ordered to go with his command 2 miles beyond our outpost on the Murfreesborough pike, Arriving at our outpost, which is just at the 8 mile post, we found a party just ready to go out with a flag of truce to escort Lieutenant-Colonel Hawkins, of the Confederate Army, outside our lines. The command of Colonel Dickinson was ordered to dismount and remain inside our line until the flag returned. This we did, and remained there until the party bearing the flag returned and reported the way open for us. Our order required us to go as far as the 10 mile post. On our way, just this side of the 10 mile post, we came upon Lieutenant-Colonel Hawkins, who had stopped at a house to have his horse fed and to get his dinner. He at once got on his horse and proposed to go with us, but Colonel Dickinson not desiring a white flag, and being so near the point to which he was directed to go, refused to let the colonel accompany him, and required him to remain where he was until he had returned. To prevent any insult or injury being offered him, a commissioned officer and two privates of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry were left with him. Returning in less than half an hour to where he was, we released him, after having expressed our regrets for having found it necessary to detain him as long as we did.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. G. KNOX,

Aide-de-camp.

Major LYNE STARLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

6 R R-VOL XX, PT I

