
by heavy batteries, was judged to be too strong to storm; we, therefore, retained our position, skirmishing occasionally with the enemy during that afternoon and the next two following days, up to 2 or 3 p.m. of the 2nd instant.

On this occasion the command numbered 36 officers and 495 men, making the aggregate 531.

About 3 p.m. of January 2, we were ordered from the cedars back to the right, recrossing the river, and about 4 p.m. we were formed in line of battle with the balance of the brigade, occupying again the left of the brigade, which was in the second line of battle. At the command "forward," the regiment advanced in excellent order, soon getting in range of a raking fire from the enemy's batteries, until we reached the crest of a ridge in an open field, where the first line of the division was engaged, and here we were ordered to lie down, which we did for a few minutes, and then arose and charged at the command "forward." Upon advancing, on account of the formation of the ground, we were compelled to move by the right flank, passing into the wood that skirted the field through which we had just passed. This combination of movements caused an intermingling of regiments, which led to no little confusion, separating commands, and, again, the men from their commanders. Nevertheless, the troops behaved bravely, driving the enemy before them. As we moved on through the woods, the ground gradually descended, and our left rested on the river, whose high banks were covered by the enemy, who poured a galling fire upon us from the opposite side. Further forward the river, by a sudden bend, appeared in our front, and we found ourselves exposed to a deadly fire from the hills that overlooked us on our left and front. Crossing this hastily, a large portion of the regiment passe the river, under the opposite bank of which it was partially sheltered. I think it is owing to this fact that the First and Third Florida regiments lost fewer men than other corps which were not so far advanced in the fight. The hopelessness of carrying the opposite heights being now apparent, we were ordered to fall back, and, owing to the commingling of regiments, as before stated, this was done in some confusion and disorder.

Into this fight the regiments carried 32 officers and 424 men, making the aggregate 456.

I respectfully refer you to the report* of casualties already forwarded for an account of the losses sustained by the regiment.

I am happy to have it in my power to state that both officers and men behaved gallantly.

I have the honor to be, sir, yours, very respectfully,

WM. MILLER,

Colonel, Commanding First and Third Florida Regiments.

Captain [R. W.] WOOLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 236. Report of Col. W. L. L. Bowen, Fourth Florida Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS PRESTON'S BRIGADE, Tullahoma, Tenn., February 12, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part borne in the operations

---------------

*Embodied in No. 191, p.679.

---------------

