
during several days of the engagement, to defend weak points upon our line where it was thought the enemy might direct their attention.

Our loss in this engagement was about 140 killed and wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN T. LESLEY,

Major Fourth Florida Volunteers.

R. W. WOOLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Preston's Brigade.

[Indorsement.]

Colonel Bowen being absent when the order was received, Major Lesley made this report. Colonel Bowen having returned and made his own report, supersedes Major Lesley's, and renders it superfluous.

W. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General.

No. 238. Report of Col. Joseph A. McDowell, Sixtieth North Carolina Infantry.

CAMP NEAR TULLAHOMA, TENN., January 11, 1863.

GENERAL: I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the Sixtieth North Carolina in the recent battles of December 31, [1862,] and January 2, [1863:]

On Sunday morning, the 28th, we were ordered into line of battle and occupied our position on the right wing, a little to the left of the Lebanon pike. We were moved from point to point without being engaged with the enemy from Sunday morning until Wednesday, the 31st.

On Wednesday, the 31st, about 2 p.m., we marched across Stone's River and formed line of battle near the Nashville pike, the Sixtieth North Carolina occupying the right-center position of the brigade. We were then marched in the direction of the enemy through an open field about three-quarters of a mile. We advanced in good order, under a heavy fire of shell, until we came upon very serious obstructions in the shape of a large brick house, out-buildings, and strong picket fencing, which extended the length of our regimental line of battle. Owing to these obstructions, and the great difficulty of getting through the picket fencing, my regiment was thrown into some confusion and the line was broken. Company E, Lieutenant [S. C.] Wright commanding; Company F, Captain [James M.] Ray; Company H, Captain [James T.] Huff, and Company K, Captain [W. R.] West, succeeded in making their way through the fence, where the line was reformed with these companies, and was obliqued about 200 yards through a cotton-field, taking shelter in a skirt of woods. During our march through the cotton-field we were subjected to a most terrific fire of grape and shell and musketry, losing at this point about 28 in killed and wounded. We remained for some time in this skirt of woods, our men keeping up a brisk fire.

Lieutenant [J. T.] Weaver, commanding Company A, although detached from the regiment by the obstructions above mentioned, took position on the left of the Twentieth Tennessee, and fought with that regiment until he regained his position with my regiment in the skirt of woods. At this point the general commanding came up and seized

