
the flag of a Florida regiment, and advanced, the brigade following him into a cedar thicket, where the enemy had been strongly posted, and from which position he had done us such serious damage; but when we reached there he had ingloriously fled, and we remained masters of the field. Night put a stop to further operations, and we slept that night on our arms.

I desire to make special mention of Captains Ray, Huff, and West; Lieutenant Weaver, commanding Company A, and Lieutenant Wright, commanding Company E, for their brave and gallant conduct, and likewise the cool and deliberate courage exhibited by W. T. White, a private in Company K; H. C. Fagg, Company B; little John [A.] Freshour, Company B, and the color-bearer, Francis [M.] Bailey, Company E, and Corpl. T. J. Garrison and Private H. N. Bridges, of Company A, both of whom were seriously wounded. This being the first engagement the Sixtieth North Carolina has been in, I am gratified to say that with but few exceptions they acquitted themselves in a highly commendable manner.

On Thursday, the 1st, we remained inactive, occupying the ground gained on Wednesday.

On Friday, in the afternoon, we reoccupied Stone's River, and formed line of battle in the rear of Hanson's and Pillow's brigades, to support them in their attack on the enemy. About 4 o'clock we were ordered to advance, which we did in good order; engaged the enemy and kept driving him before us until about sunset, when, it becoming apparent that he was strongly re-enforced and flanking us, we were ordered to fall back. We retire in perfect order about 300 yards, in advance, however, of our original line of battle, and there reformed our line. At this juncture the general commanding came up and ordered us back to our original position.

I regret to announce the death of Acting Adjt. Stanhope S. Erwin, who fell, pierced through the head by a minie ball, while faithfully and gallantly discharging his duties.

J. A. McDOWELL,

Colonel, Commanding Sixtieth North Carolina Volunteers.

Brigadier-General [W.] PRESTON,

Commanding Brigade.

No. 239. Report of Col. T. B. Smith, Twentieth Tennessee Infantry,

TULLAHOMA, TENN., January 22, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders received from brigade headquarters, I hereby submit the following report of the part the Twentieth Tennessee Regiment took in the late action near Murfreesborough:

Early Sunday morning, December 28, [1862,] the regiment was formed, the men being fully equipped, their cartridge-boxes filled with ammunition, and two days' rations in haversacks. The brigade being formed, we were marched through Murfreesborough and out upon the Lebanon road about 1 1/2 miles, where we formed line of battle, our right resting on the road, our left extending westward. In this position we remained until near night, when I received orders from General Preston to move my regiment to a skirt of woods still farther west, where we bivouacked for the night.

