
At noon on the next day the direction of lines was changed; we were then thrown forward into an open field, where we remained all night. As the night was wet and cold, my men made themselves comfortable by building large fires.

The next day was occupied in maneuvering to the front and right until about 2 p.m., when we were moved to the left across the river at the ford, formed in line of battle, and moved forward, the right resting on the river bank. The line moved steadily onward for about 600 yards, when my regiment fell under a heavy and well-directed fire from a large party of the enemy, who were in ambush among the timber and rocks directly on the bank of the river. My regiment, being in the open field and unprotected by any cover, I thought it best to order a charge, which was done by moving by the right flank and then to the front. In this charge I was wounded and was brought off the field. The charge, as I afterward [learned], was successful. The enemy were dislodged and the position held by my men until night.

In this engagement my officers and men acted well, obeying every command with alacrity.

I cannot close without expressing my high sense of gratitude to General Preston for the care he took of his men, and the skillfulness he displayed in maneuvering us on the field and in bringing us into action.

I am, very respectfully, captain, your obedient servant,

T. B. SMITH,

Colonel Twentieth Tennessee Regiment.

[Captain] R. W. WOOLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 240. Report of Major F. Claybrooke, Twentieth Tennessee Infantry.

CAMP NEAR TULLAHOMA, TENN., January 11, 1863.

[The following is] a report of the part taken in the recent battle near Murfreesborough, Tenn., by the Twentieth Tennessee Regiment:

Saturday, December 27, 1862, orders were received to cook rations and be ready to move at a moment's warning, as it was well known that the enemy were approaching in large force. Officers and men were certain of an engagement, and each man felt we would be victorious. Indeed, so far as my observation extended, I have never before seen soldiers in higher spirits than were ours on that occasion. Nor have I ever seen men better bear up under the long-continued privations and hardships incident to every battle.

Very early Sunday morning, orders to that effect having been received, all the camp equipage was packed ready to be placed in the wagons, the regiment formed and marched to the headquarters of General Preston, where the brigade was formed, our regiment taking the position previously assigned us, on the right of the brigade. General Preston marched us through the town and out upon the Lebanon road about 1 1/2 miles. Here our line of battle was formed; we-the right of the brigade, and, indeed, the extreme right of the front line of the army-were formed, our right resting on the road, our left extending in the direction of Stone's River, which at this place runs nearly from east to west. In this position we remained for several hours, when we ordered to advance a few hundred yards to a skirt of heavy timber, where we bivouacked

