
the occurrence having been made to me. Colonel Hawkins, while at my outpost, was treated with the utmost courtesy, and was not placed under arrest until he presented himself at my infantry outposts under suspicious circumstances, before the position formerly occupied by my cavalry had been retaken, and was very shortly released.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fifth Division.

Major LYNE STARLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Left Wing.

No. 4. Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Camp Rosecrans, December 16, 1862.

SIR: I have to report, for the information of the colonel commanding, that Companies H and M, of my regiment, while on picket on the Murfreesborough pike yesterday, were, under cover of a flag of truce, captured by the enemy's cavalry, numbering about 150 men. Company H had 38 men and Company M 20 men, but of these 22 were on duty, forming the chain of pickets. Second Lieutenant Rowe, with an orderly, was at General Van Cleve's headquarters, and one orderly had been sent to Nashville. The first sergeant of Company H and one of the pickets have escaped. I have heard of 2 of our men being wounded and 1 rebel killed.

General Stanley has ordered me to send out for companies to bring in our wounded men, and to scout the road for 3 or 4 miles.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

Lieutenant WOOLLEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen., First Brigade, Cavalry Division.

[Indorsements.]

Will Colonel Minty state more explicitly the circumstances of this capture; by whom and what the flag of truce was used for; how the two companies were captured, &amp;c?

If a flag has been violated while being used for a legitimate purpose, I will call the attention of higher authorities to the outrage. I desire a circumstantial report of this affair.

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant-Colonel Hawkins, with a flag of truce, had arrived at our outer pickets, and, while waiting for an officer of equal rank to receive the dispatches, a party of rebel cavalry dashed in from the left of the road, surprising and overpowering our pickets. Eight men have now returned to camp, and I have hopes of the escape of 6 more. One of my men was killed and 1 wounded. The rebels, so far as I can learn, met with the same loss, 1 killed and 1 wounded. When the scout returns, I may be able to give more particulars.

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

