
enemy could bring to bear against it- a point called by General Bragg himself the key of the battle-field.

On Friday evening, January 2, this regiment, together with the Second, Fourth, and Sixth Kentucky Regiments, was ordered to the right of our position, and proceeded down Stone's River to a point about 1 mile north of Wayne's Hill, to make an attack upon a strong body of the enemy in force there. In this attack, from which ensued a most terrific battle, my officers and men demeaned themselves most gallantly, driving the enemy before them across the river entirely from the position they held, pushing forward until they came within the raking fire of the powerful batteries of the enemy planted on the opposite bank of the river and supported by almost their entire army.

So gallant was the general conduct of my officers and men in this the hardest struggle of the battle, that it would seem invidious to discriminate between them.

The annexed is a correct list* of the casualties in the battle, which shows the following result: Killed, 18; wounded, 90; missing, 35; total, 143.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. STANSEL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Forty-first Regt. Alabama Vols.

Col. R. P. TRABUE,

Commanding Hanson's Brigade.

No. 244. Report of MajorJames W. Hewitt, Second Kentucky Infantry.

TULLAHOMA, TENN., January 10, 1863.

SIR: I would respectfully report that on Sunday morning, December 28, [1862,] I left camp with my command and proceeded to a position 1 1/2 miles north of Murfreesborough, where, in company with the brigade, I remained until the following morning, when I was ordered about 300 yards in advance, fronting the enemy's left center. I then threw out my flank companies [A and C] as skirmishers half a mile farther to the front, occupying a position in sight and range of the enemy. After remaining in that position about two hours, I received orders to take my command back to their former position.

On the morning of Tuesday, 29th instant, I was ordered to send two companies [Company B, Captain [Joel] Higgins, and Company H, Lieutenant [A. K.] Lair] to support a battery in the field in the rear of Cobb's battery, where they remained until said battery changed position. The same evening I was ordered with my command [eight companies, two companies being still on picket duty] to a hill immediately in front of the enemy, where, in company with the balance of our brigade, we remained until Friday evening as a support to Cobb's battery, a section of the Washington Artillery, and a section of Semple's artillery, exposed continually to a severe fire.

On Friday evening, about 3 o'clock, in company with the other regiments of our position, and, forming in line of battle, we advanced across an open field to a piece of woods occupied by the enemy, about a mile from where our

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

