
line was formed. After driving the enemy across the river, we still advanced to a picket fence in the immediate neighborhood of the enemy's re-enforcements and in range of sixteen of their guns, which continually threw among us a shower of shot and shell, which, in addition to heavy re-enforcements, compelled us to fall back to our former position in the woods, where we reformed under your command, General Hanson having been carried off the field mortally wounded.

About 9 p.m., under the command of Captain [James W.] Moss, acting major [I being compelled to leave the field from the effects of a shell], we were ordered back to the rifle-pits, where we remained until Sunday a.m. [1 o'clock], when we took up our line of march for our present position. I would further state that in going into action I had nine companies [Company K, Captain [E.] Joyes, being on picket duty], numbering 346 men and officers, and that we lost in the engagement 108 officers and men killed, wounded, and missing, among whom were Lieutenants [F.] Tryon and [S. B.] Hawes, left on the field, supposed to be mortally wounded; Captains [H.] McDowell and [H. B.] Rodgers, Adjutant [T. E.] Moss, Lieutenants [L. C.] Moss, [W. J.] Hays, [R. H.] Innis, and [C. W.] Kleisendorff wounded and brought off the field. My color-guard, with one exception, were all either killed or wounded.

In conclusion, I beg leave to state that, without an exception, both officers and men behaved with great gallantry and bravery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES W. HEWITT,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Col. B. P. TRABUE,

Commanding Hanson's Brigade.

No. 245. Report of Col. Joseph H. Lewis, Sixth Kentucky Infantry.

CAMP TULLAHOMA, TENN., January 10, 1863.

SIR: Herewith is a report of what concerns my own command of the recent battles at Murfreesborough, Tenn.

For a clear understanding of the part taken by this regiment I will, as far as my limited opportunities allowed me to observe, describe the field of its operations. At the ford, 1 mile below the turnpike bridge, the river, whose general course is northward, bends the turnpike bridge, the river, whose general course is northward, bends toward the west and continues in that direction half a mile, when, by a curve at right angles, it takes its previous northward course, and continues it for 1 mile or more to a ford at which the enemy crossed during the engagement Friday afternoon. The left of Breckinridge's division and of Hanson's brigade extended to the river a few hundred paces below the first-named ford. At the point of the second curve a rocky bluff sets in and continues to the lower ford, except at a point 600 or 800 yards below, where there is a slight depression. For this distance the ground is timbered sufficiently to afford protection to the enemy. The ground rises gradually from thence 400 or 500 yards to an eminence fully as elevated as the hill on which Cobb's battery placed. On the opposite [side] of and bordering on the river, 300 yards below the first-named ford, commences a belt of timber about 100 yards wide and extends nearly to the second bend of the river. Bounded on the south and west by the river, on the north by thick woods and partly on the east by a thicket, is a large field, or rather, two fields, containing between 60 and 80 acres. The field

