
toward the south was covered with tall weeds, and upon an eminence in it, about the height of the bluff on the opposite side, a battery was placed and earthworks thrown up early Wednesday morning. About 400 yards north of this fin the other [a corn-field], was a mound considerably more elevated, upon which Cobb's battery was placed and rifle-pits dug. North of this was thick woods extending up to the river and down it about half a mile to an old field cleared up to the river. Here the east bank was high and rocky, but less elevated by 30 feet than the bluff on the opposite side. At the termination of this field was a piece of woodland of a wedge shape, extending down the river about 300 yards and to within a short distance of the ford. Separating the woodland and old field was a rail fence running perpendicularly to the river. From this point to the ford the ground gradually fell away, while the bluff on the opposite side, though bare of timber, continued nearly the same elevation to the ford.

Sunday, the 28th ultimo, the brigade commanded by the late brave and lamented Brig. Gen. R. W. Hanson left the camp and took position on a ridge opposite the upper ford.

Monday, the 29th, about 2 p.m., the Ninth and Sixth Kentucky and Forty-first Alabama Regiments and Cobb's battery moved into the field first described, Company A, under Capt. C. B. McClaskey, of this regiment, being thrown forward to the high mound, in connection with a company from each of the other two regiments. Very soon thereafter they became engaged with the enemy, when the regiments and battery wee moved forward to and occupied the mound, this regiment taking position in a thicket 200 paces to the right, the Forty-first immediately in rear, and Ninth to the left of the battery, the skirmishers having taken position beyond in the corn-field. Afterward, about dusk, Company G, Capt. Gran Utterback commanding was moved to the left of Company A, but before getting into position the two companies were attacked by a large force of the enemy and driven back over the brow of the hill; but upon discovering the presence of the regiments the enemy precipitately retreated across the river and made no further demonstration that night. The regiments and battery which, previous to the attack, had commenced to move, were then marched about 400 yards to the rear, leaving our skirmishers in possession of the hill. Two men of Company G, and Lieutenant [J. B.] Holman, of Company E, wee wounded in this attack. Subsequently, during the night, this regiment again moved forward near the line of skirmishers, and about daylight took position in the thicket above described.

Tuesday [30th] this regiment continued in the same position, annoyed considerably by sharpshooters and the enemy's batteries until nightfall, when, being relieved by the Second Kentucky, it, except the two companies, moved 500 yards to the rear.

Wednesday [31st] the regiment about daylight occupied the belt of woods before described, in order to watch the enemy on the bluff opposite and to protect the battery placed in the field that morning. We remained here until 3 p.m., and then, exposed to a fire, moved across the field to the rear of Cobb's battery, which was then under fire. While in the woods we were constantly exposed to shells from the enemy, and at one time from our own batteries on our left, endeavoring, by firing over us, to reach the enemy's battery farther down the river. While here, 2 men of Company D, 1 of Company C, and 1 of Company H were wounded.

Thursday [1st] the regiment remained in the vicinity of Cobb's battery.

Friday [2nd] we occupied the same position till the afternoon, keeping two companies forward as skirmishers. Captain [Gran] Utterback and

