
order of mine was for the other object of securing the prisoners spoken of above, who, to the number of at least 100, were captured and sent to the rear. Before any line could be formed, a heavy fire from partially concealed infantry and artillery, against which our firing availed little, was poured in the regiments; consequently it was impossible to restore perfect order.

I am satisfied that, so far as this regiment is concerned, and for it only have I a right to speak, the enemy paid more than double in numbers, though not one tithe in actual worth, for every one of my men struck. About one-third of my entire command was killed and wounded, though it is remarkable, and at the same time gratifying, that of the great number hurt so few are either killed or severely wounded. Companies G and B having previously been sent forward as skirmishers, were not with the regiment. Company B, however, crossed the river above, and behaved well, as I learn.

Accompanying this report, and as a part of it, is a list* of all the casualties since the battle commenced.

Where there was so much bravery, zeal, and good conduct displayed by officers and men of this regiment throughout, I dislike to discriminate. I cannot, however, forbear referring to the unflinching courage of Color-Sergeant Stotts, who carried the standard in the thickest of the fight until struck down, and to the daring and fidelity of Orderly Sergt. J. Beverly Lewis, of Company C, who seized the colors from the wounded Stotts, and with them rallied and encouraged the men until he fell. Both these brave men were left wounded on the field.

Adjt. Samuel H. Buchanan, with the chivalry that ever characterizes him in battle, when Lewis fell took the colors. There is no more faithful and attentive officer in camp or gallant man in action. Taking the colors from Adjutant Buchanan, I called for some one to bear them, when Private Adams, of Company D, promptly took and bravely bore them during the rest of the engagement.

MajorW. L. Clarke behaved with coolness and bravery, though I can conscientiously say of every officer and man engaged in the action that he behaved worthy of the old senior of Kentuckians.

Fully one-half the regiment crossed the river through water waistdeep, and only fell back when driven by overwhelming numbers and certain capture threatened them.

The regiment left camp Sunday [28th] with 269 officers and men. By sickness, for want of shoes, and casualties, the actual number on Friday was 231 officers and men.

The whole number killed, wounded, and missing during the entire engagements was: Killed,2; wounded, 66; missing, 10; total, 78.+ Of those wounded, several were left on the field and at Murfreesborough, and, of the missing, I fear all are prisoners and some killed or wounded, for they had all crossed the river, and one of them, Lieut. E. P. Thompson-the last seen-he, with pistol, was firing on the advancing enemy. It is due to him to say that, detailed as commissary, he was not required to go into action, but he during that week discharged his duties as commissary, and, as an officer on the field, shared the hardships and dangers throughout.

Very respectfully,

JOS. H. LEWIS,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Kentucky Volunteers.

Capt. T. E. STAKE,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Trabue's Brigade, Breckinridge's Division.

---------------

*Embodied in statement on p.828.

+Nominal list on file.

---------------

