
It was now we had to deplore the loss of Adjt. Henry M. Curd, killed by a cannon ball; a gallant and meritorious officer, cheerful under all dangers and privations, and endeared to the command by his frank and manly bearing, who nobly fell in discharge of his duty. Capt. Joseph Desha was also struck by a cannon ball and carried off the field, as was supposed, in a dying condition; but he returned the same night with his wound tied up, and has since continued in command of his company.

Thursday the cannonading commenced early in the morning, but was not of long continuance, and, with the exception of some skirmishing, nothing occurred worthy of note.

Friday morning, with the exception of light skirmishing, all was quiet with us. In the afternoon, when the balance of the brigade was moved out to join in the attack on our right, the Ninth Regiment, with Cobb's battery, was ordered to remain and hold the position. We were then subjected to a tremendous shelling, fully as heavy as on any preceding day.

Saturday passed like Friday morning until nearly sundown, when the enemy made a formidable attack on the brigade posted on our left. My regiment was promptly placed in the rifle-pits, and there received some of the shell and ball intended for our neighbors. That night the retreat commenced, and the Ninth Kentucky and Forty-first Alabama Regiments, with Cobb's battery, were detached under my command as a rear guard on the Manchester pike; but the enemy not following closely, there is nothing of interest in this connection to report.

The severity of the weather and the character and long continuance of the struggle were such as to try the endurance of the troops. Nothing tests the courage more than to be subjected to long continued cannonading, and I am proud to say that the conduct of officers and men was worthy of all praise.

In addition to the officers already mentioned, Lieutenant [G.] Lewis, of Company A, and Lieutenant [H.] Buchanan, of Company H, were wounded.

I inclose a list,* furnished by Dr. [W. J.] Byrne, regimental surgeon, of killed and wounded, and showing the character of the wounds. By it will be seen the regiment lost in killed, 1 officer; wounded, 5 officers and 23 privates.

Respectfully submitting the above, I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. HUNT,

Colonel Ninth Kentucky Regiment.

Col. T. O'HARA,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 247. Report of Capt. Robert Cobb, Kentucky battery.

CAMP NEAR TULLAHOMA, TENN., January 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my battery in the late engagements near Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

On Sunday, December 28, I moved with the brigade to the field, and

---------------

*Embodied in statement on p.828.

---------------

