
from the want of ammunition. My command was not afterward brought into action, although frequently under fire, and most of the time in the front line of battle.

It becomes my duty to report the following officer and enlisted men who left the field without permission while their regiment was engaged, and who failed to return to duty when ordered by their commanding officer: The Eighth Mississippi Regiment-Company A, Privates S. G. Grissom, W. T. Meeks, S. J. Copeland; Company G, Private Josiah Walker; Company H, Private W. W. Ritchie; Company D, Corpl. A. T. Perryman; Company E, Private J. M. Tullos; Company K, Lieutenant H. Matthis, Privates W. J. McGee, M. V. Shows.

On the other hand, it affords me pleasure to testify to the great coolness and courage of the officers and men of my command.

Col. John C. Wilkinson, of the Eighth Mississippi Regiment, was severely wounded in the breast, and sent to the hospital in Murfreesborough, where, upon retirement of the army, he was left, and it is apprehended he fell into the hands of the enemy, being too badly wounded to be removed. Lieut. Col. W. L. Sykes, commanding the Fifth Mississippi Regiment, was also severely wounded and sent to the rear. Col. W. T. Black, of the Fifth Georgia Regiment, fell, mortally wounded in the head, while gallantly leading his brave regiment; he survived but a few hours. The color-bearer of this regiment, Thomas J. Brantly, Company E, was killed by a minie ball passing through his head, whereupon First Lieut. J. W. Eason, of Company G, seized the colors and was instantly killed by a shot through the head. I have to lament among the gallant slain Capt. J. H. Morgan, of the Fifth Mississippi Regiment, and Capt. E. W. Ansley, of the battalion of sharpshooters.

I bear willing testimony to the gallantry of MajorJ. J. Cox, of the battalion of sharpshooters, and ask especial attention to his accompanying report,* mentioning the names of certain officers and men of other commands who joined his battalion and remained with it during the engagement.

I am much indebted to the officers of my staff for their promptness in conveying orders and for their general efficiency in the discharge of their duty on the field. Capt. J. B. Cumming, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieut. A. M. Jackson, aide-de-camp, each had his horse disabled. I desire also to make favorable mention of Capt. Thomas G. Barrett, volunteer aide-de-camp, and Lieut. S. A. Moreno, C. S. Army, acting inspector-general of my brigade. I have already made a special recommendation of the last named officer for promotion, and take occasion to renew and urge it.

I inclose reports in detail from regiment, battalion, and battery commanders; a consolidated report* of killed and wounded by name has already been forwarded.

The annexed tabular statement is made a part of this report, from which it will appear that there were 874 infantry, including details for infirmary purposes, &amp;c., carried into action, of which there were 41 killed and 266 wounded and none missing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN K. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.

MajorT. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

