
It formed the extreme right of the brigade line of battle, and is supposed to have fronted the enemy's center at that time. The above casualties all occurred in the cedar grove occupied by the brigade during the fight on Wednesday, and between the hours of 12 m. and 3 p.m. After Colonel Wilkinson was wounded [which was in the early part of the action], the undersigned assumed command of the regiment, and takes great pleasure in testifying to the cool courage and veteran-like heroism with which they bore their ranks for near three hours. Indeed, both officers and men as a whole behaved most gallantly. The conduct of those who are reported as deserving censure is thought generally to merit unmeasured disapprobation. An explanation is forwarded in the case of Private J. Walker, of Company G. As he is very young, his conduct is thought to be somewhat excusable. He returned and served with the regiment during the balance of the time, while the others returned, most of them, to the camp at town, and refused to come back, although repeatedly ordered to do so.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

A. McNEILL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Eighth Mississippi Regiment.

No. 252. Report of Lieut. Harvey H. Cribbs, Lumsden's [Alabama] battery.

BRIDGEPORT, ALA., January 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on Sunday, December 28, 1862, I was ordered to report for duty with Brigadier-General Jackson's brigade, by Lieutenant-Colonel [J. H.] Hallonquist, chief of artillery Army of Tennessee, and on Monday morning the general assigned me a position near Captain Spence's residence, east of the Lebanon pike, and at 12 midnight i received an order to send the two rifled pieces of the battery to General Breckinridge's headquarters to report, which I did, under the command of Lieutenant Tarrant. He was ordered to the knoll on the east side of Stone's River, which position was ordered by General Bragg to he held, as it was a desirable position, from which place the two guns fired 200 rounds in the first of the engagement. One of the pieces had been dismounted at Perryville some time ago, and in the recoil the axle-tree gave way. It was replaced by one of the pieces taken from the enemy. The two rifled pieces were held in the reserve until we reached the river. The smooth-bore was kept with the brigade, and on Tuesday about noon I moved with the brigade to a position on the left of the Lebanon pike and 1 mile nearer the river.

On Wednesday about noon the section accompanied the brigade across Stone's River, when it was halted by General Jackson until it could secure a position while the brigade advanced. When the brigade became engaged, the section took a position on the hill near Cowan's brigade became engaged, the section took a position on the hill near Cowan's house, and near the railroad, and fired 50 rounds, when the enemy removed the battery at which we had been firing, and night coming on, I moved down to the river, and on Thursday took a position again on the right, where intrenchments were thrown up.

On Friday I joined the brigade on the extreme left near the Wilsonville [Wilkinson or Nashville] pike, and at 12 [o'clock] that night moved to the Nashville pike, where the men remained until daylight exposed

