
to a drenching rain, after which we moved to the extreme right again, and at midnight Saturday we moved through Murfreesborough to the Nashville pike, marched until Sunday evening, exposed again to the severity of the weather.

The damage done by the firing of the battery-I cannot say what damage was done to the enemy; it is said that one of the rifled pieces blew up a caisson. I am happy to say that no damage whatever was done to the battery by the shots of the enemy. The men all behaved with coolness, and with a determination to do what was in their power to drive back the enemy of our country.

Respectfully submitted,

HARVEY H. CRIBBS,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Lumsden's Battery.

No. 253. Report of Major General Patrick R. Cleburne, C. S. Army, commanding division.

HEADQUARTERS CLEBURNE'S DIVISION, HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Tullahoma, Tenn., January 31, 1863.

On December 26, 1862, three brigades of my division were stationed at College Grove, near Eaglesville, about 20 miles west of Murfreesborough. The Fourth Brigade, under command of Brig. Gen. S. A. M. Wood, was stationed at Triune, 4 miles north of College Grove, on the Nashville and Shelbyville turnpike.

On the evening of the same day I had information that the enemy had driven back the cavalry and occupied Nolensville, in my front.

During the night I received orders from General Hardee, who had gone in person to the front, to have everything in readiness for a movement and to be prepared for any emergency. I also received instructions as to the roads to be taken by my train and fighting force, respectively, in case of a retreat on Murfreesborough.

Early on the morning of the 27th, I received orders from the same source to take up a position on the turnpike about 1 mile north of my encampment. While making this disposition, I received orders from General Hardee to move the three brigades with me to Murfreesborough by the routes previously decided upon; also that Wood's brigade would remain at Triune and assist General Wharton's cavalry to retard the farther advance of the enemy.

For the proceedings of Wood's brigade under this order, I respectfully refer you to the report of Brig. Gen. S. A. M. Wood, herewith transmitted.

I immediately moved as directed; marched all day, part of it over a miserable road and through a cold, drenching rain, and encamped after nightfall on the Salem turnpike, within 1 mile of Stone's River.

On the morning of the 28th, General Hardee ordered me to form line of battle north of Murfreesborough and east of Stone's River, my line to face north, its left resting on the river, its right near the Lebanon turnpike, 800 or 1,000 yards in rear of a line already occupied by Breckinridge's division.

Woodd's brigade, falling back slowly before General McCook's army corps, impeding his advance wherever opportunity offered, finally reached Stone's River and rejoined the division on the morning of the 29th.

