
their names as Captain George [G.] Knox and Lieutenant-Colonel Dickinson, who represented themselves as belonging to the Fourth Michigan Cavalry, a part of which command was near by. The reason assigned for his detention was that they intended making an attack on our pickets, and did not wish them notified.

With these facts before me, I consider myself as justly entitled to apology and reparation for this unprecedented disrespect and outrage. To claim that a truce existed while my flag was forcibly detained by you is preposterous. By parity of reasoning, it would only be necessary to capture a flag and hold it indefinitely in custody in order to secure immunity from attack. The detention of a flag by you is incontestably proven. When so detained, it ceased to be my flag, and was yours by unlawful capture. It lost its sanctity by reason of your violence, and you ought to be the last one to seek a refuge beneath its folds.

To avoid the danger of future complications of a similar character, I have directed that hereafter flags shall be sent only on Mondays and Thursdays, between the hours of 12 m. and 4 p.m. They will also be received on the same days and between the same hours, unless the necessity is urgent and the urgency of the case manifest.

Trusting that this arrangement will preclude the recurrence of any further misunderstanding, I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., December 25, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Crittenden, who will have General Van Cleve investigate this, and report result of investigation to-night.*

By order of General Rosecrans:

CHAS. R. THOMPSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 20, 1862-JANUARY 5, 1863.-Carter's raid into East Tennessee and Southwest Virginia.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

December 29, 1862.-Passage of Moccasin Gap, and capture of Confederate on the Blountsville road.

30, 1862.-Capture of Confederate at Blountsville.

Capture of Union, Tenn., and destruction of the railroad bridge across the Holston River.

Capture of Carter's Depot, and destruction of the Watauga railroad bridge.

January 2, 1863.-Skirmish at Jonesville, Lee County, Va.

LIST OF REPORTS

No. 1.-Major-General Horatio G. Wright, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Ohio, with congratulatory messages.

---------------

*See report No. 3.,p.82.

+See also Confederate correspondence, January 1 to 5, inclusive, Part II.

---------------

