
little firing going on at the time. An additional reason with him for doing so was that his ammunition was nearly exhausted.

We were now directed to remain in position and await further orders. We bivouacked that night in the woods where we were, and on the following morning I found that the enemy's skirmishers had retaken the hospital and the hill from which I had fired upon his train on the day previous. I moved into position in front of the hill, and my skirmishers immediately drove the enemy from it. The battery was pushed forward to its crest a second time, and fired upon his retreating cavalry and infantry, driving them back to the turnpike in great confusion.

From this time until the night of the 2nd instant but little was done, except occasional skirmishing, when I was ordered back about 10 p.m., with the other brigades of the division, to the right bank of the river, in support of Major-General Breckinridge's line.

During the engagement I captured two pieces of artillery, one Parrott gun and one 6-pounder brass rifle piece, for both of which I obtained an ample supply of ammunition. In the final attack another battery was also captured, but, in the unaccountable retrograde movement before mentioned, was left on the field. Although my position was on the extreme left of our lines, I discovered no enemy attempting to flank me. Their ambulances were passing and repassing at all times during the day on the turnpike, while I was in position to see them from the hill near Overall Church, and at night the roar of wagons passing on the turnpike was incessant. Each night the enemy's artillery played on our lines in the woods, and at the same time firing was going on between the skirmishers.

The battery under command of Lieutenant [H.] Shannon was of infinite service to me throughout the action, the men behaving with the greatest bravery, having the battery always ready, and, oftentimes, at the right place at the right time without receiving or awaiting orders, for which I am indebted to the good judgment and coolness of Lieutenant Shannon, commanding battery.

Colonel Kelly, of the Eighth Arkansas, was slightly wounded in the arm; Colonel Smith, of the Sixth Arkansas, was wounded in the leg; Lieutenant-Colonel [F. J.] Cameron, of the same, was shot through the fore part of the body. Of my staff, W. R. Liddell, volunteer aide, was shot in the thigh; Lieut. W. R. Young, brigade ordnance officer, was shot in the shoulder; Surg. W. R. Kibler was shot through the body while sitting on his horse by my side in front of the brigade.

The officers of my personal staff-Adjutant-General [G. A.] Williams, Lieutenant Bostick, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Dulin, brigade inspector-not only behaved with the most undaunted bravery, but assisted me voluntarily, and with the utmost alacrity, in pushing forward the brigade, in placing the battery in positions, and in the deployment of skirmishers in the very face of the enemy, and in the heaviest fire whenever required, oftentimes using their own judgment without waiting for orders, for the good of the service and the success of the day.

My brave bugler, Jake Schlosser, was wounded near me and taken from the field.

Many instances of personal bravery I might mention were it not extending this report to too great a length. The evidence of the undaunted courage of the brigade is attested by the fact that nearly one-third of the whole were killed and wounded-5 officers and 81 men were killed, and 503 men were wounded and 18 missing, making a total of 589 hors de combat, besides the missing, out of a grand total of 1,709, including the artillery. The brigade now numbers 1,108.

