
There were some instances of cowardice stated in the reports of the colonels, which are herewith inclosed.

We lament our brave dead; we feel for our wounded brothers, while we honor them. The heartfelt thanks of those of us who have escaped, unhurt, through the storm of death are due to a kind Providence, to whom we pray for safety and success in all the coming contests for our country's cause.

Respectfully submitted.

ST. JOHN R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General.

Col. W. W. KIRKLAND,

Adjt. Gen.and Chief of Staff, Cleburne's Div., Hardee's Corps.

No. 257. Reports of Col. Daniel C. Govan, Second Arkansas Infantry.

WARTRACE, TENN., January 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor herewith to make the following report of the part taken by the Second Arkansas Regiment in the late battles before Murfreesborough:

On the night of December 30, [1862,] the Second Arkansas Regiment was moved with the rest of the brigade to a position on the extreme left.

Early on the morning of the 31st, immediately after daylight, we were advanced at a rapid pace on the enemy. Occupying, as our brigade did, the extreme left of General Cleburne's division, and moving in a circular direction, the right of the division being the point, we advanced in this direction nearly a mile, when, pressing through an open field, exposed to severe cannonade, we encountered the enemy, who were posted behind a fence and in the woods immediately in front. After a severe engagement of half an hour, the enemy were driven from their position and pursued rapidly through the woods, when a running fight took place for some distance. My regiment suffered heavily in this first fight. It was here that the gallant young Lieutenants Collier and Clegg, of Company H, fell, I fear mortally wounded, while nobly doing their duty. The enemy were closely followed through the woods, when we encountered a second line of the enemy, posted behind a fence and in the woods near a house used by the enemy as a hospital. The Second Arkansas Regiment, being on the extreme right of the brigade, engaged the enemy near this building. The right of the regiment rested within 15 or 20 steps of this building, and were exposed to a heavy fire from the enemy in our front, and also from a portion of the enemy who had taken refuge in and behind the buildings adjacent to this hospital. It was near this point that General Sill, of the Federal Army, was killed. After a severe engagement the enemy were driven from this second strong position. The hospital, together with many prisoners who had taken refuge there, were taken possession of by General Liddell, and a guard of two men detailed from my regiment to guard the prisoners. No other brigade or regiment was at this time in sight of the hospital. Our brigade, after moving forward a short distance, was halted for the purpose of replenishing our exhausted supply of ammunition, and were then moved forward in the direction of the enemy, whom we engaged in a neck of woods on the edge of a field. A second line of the enemy

