
showed itself on the opposite side of the field, and advanced some 100 yards into the open field opposite my regiment, but were driven back by one well-directed fire. The enemy having fled immediately in my front, and finding him still making a stubborn resistance to my left, I moved my regiment by the left flank, and then forward on the enemy in the neck of woods. A very closely contested fight here took place, the enemy holding their position until the Second Arkansas Regiment approached within 25 steps of their line, when it gave way in confusion and fled across the field, exposed to a murderous fire from my regiment, which told effect, as their dead were thick on the ground. It was at this point that the color-bearer was shot down by one of my men, and the colors were lost in the confusion of the fight.

Our brigade them moved forward, and was halted some 50 yards in the open field from the edge of a cedar ridge, being unable to advance, as General Johnson's brigade, which had moved forward on our right, had, after halting, moved by the left flank, which placed a portion of his brigade immediately in our front. At this point [General Liddell having gone to reconnoiter and select a place for a battery] the commanders of the different regiments and select a place for a battery] the commanders of the different regiments reported to me that their supply of ammunition was nearly exhausted. I immediately sent an officer [Lieutenant Dulin] in search of the ammunition, and, while awaiting its arrival, General Johnson's brigade, immediately on my right and front, gave way and fell back in confusion. I was at first at a loss what course to pursue. Our success had been all that we wished, and we had not met with a single repulse, but when I reflected, first, that the ammunition of the brigade was nearly, if not quite, exhausted; that the brigade on our right and front had given way; that we had no support either on our rear or left; that our position was an exposed one, being in an open field, while the enemy were concealed under cover of the thick cedars on the opposite ridge, I concluded the only alternative left was to order the brigade to retreat, which I did-not, however, until the brigade on my right had passed me some 100 yards or more. Be it said, to the credit of the whole brigade, that all stood firm, and neither officers nor men showed any disposition to retire until I gave the command to retreat. The brigade retired some 300 yards, and was immediately halted and reformed. The enemy showed no disposition to follow us.

My regiment, both officers and men, behaved with distinguished gallantry, with the exception of a few men, whose names I herewith forward.

To Lieutenant-Colonel Harvey I here make my acknowledgments, and bear willing testimony to his gallantry and bravery during the fight, rendering me great service in the management of the regiment, and setting an example of gallantry worthy of emulation. I deem any mention of the services of any particular officer of the regiment almost invidious, but cannot refrain from calling the attention of the brigadier general commanding this brigade to the particularly distinguished and gallant conduct of Captain [J. K.] Phillips, commanding Company F; of Lieutenant [C. S.] Emerson, commanding Company A; Lieutenant [M. D.] Brown, commanding Company K, and Second Lieutenant [R. E.] Smith, of Company G. They were foremost in the fight, and by word and action encouraged their men to emulate their example.

It is rather a singular circumstance that the Second Arkansas Regiment should again in this fight have engaged the Twenty-second Indiana Regiment, capturing the lieutenant-colonel, the same regiment which it encountered at Perryville, committing such slaughter in its ranks.

