
On the succeeding days of the fight, little fighting, other than skirmishing, occurred until our forces were withdrawn.

Respectfully, yours,

D. C. GOVAN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Arkansas Regiment.

[Captain] G. A. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARTRACE, TENN., March 4, 1863.

GENERAL: In accordance with your request, and after making diligent inquiry of the men and officers of my regiment in reference to the taking of the Yankee hospital near the Wilkinson pike, in the late battle of Murfreesborough, I beg leave to submit the following statement of facts:

When I made my report, I was under the impression that the right of my regiment passed on the left of the hospital. I have since been informed by Captain [E. G.] Brasher [commanding the right company] and others that one-half of this company passed on the right of the hospital, and a portion of it passed through the yard. One of his men was killed in the yard, within a few feet of the house, and two others wounded. Some dozen or more of my regiment were wounded in close proximity to the hospital. Private Elder, of Company D, Second Arkansas Regiment, left by you to guard the hospital and prisoners, stated as follows: That, in obedience to your orders, he and Private Faidley, of the same company, took possession of the hospital, which he understood was the residence of a Mr. Griscom. The yard was filled with Yankee tents and their wounded, together with about 250 prisoners. Prisoners were continually accumulating there, but were sent to Murfreesborough by General Cheatham's order. He did not see General Johnson's brigade until some time after he had been stationed there as a guard. Your brigade had then passed to the front, and there was no fighting at or about the hospital after that time.

The body of General Sill was brought to the hospital about 11 a.m. He was killed not far from the hospital, near the fence or lane. My regiment passed, still fighting, immediately over the ground where he was killed. Private Guest, of Company D, got General Sill's gloves and gave them to the captain of his company [Captain Brasher]. He states that General Sill then had his uniform on, which he would have taken, but it was too large for him.

Private Faidley, of Company D, the man detailed as guard to the hospital, corroborates the statement of Private Elder, except that he says that he saw the Seventeenth Tennessee Regiment, General Johnson's brigade, come up within 75 yards of the hospital about fifteen minutes after your brigade passed on.

Very respectfully,

D. C. GOVAN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Arkansas Regiment.

Brig. Gen. St. JOHN R. LIDDELL.

[Indorsement.]

GENERAL: The foregoing facts I submit for your consideration, and am personally familiar with most of them. Unit it can be established

