
formed a correct line, and obtained a supply of ammunition from the enemy's own wagons between the lines of his proud legions, and no support nearer than twenty minutes' run; but Colonel Floyd would do well to obtain more proof before asserting that no Confederate troops had reached the hospital before his regiment, for there was a sufficient force there when we approached it to have annihilated any three companies; but if he did capture the hospital, may the future establish the fact or prove otherwise, and satisfy him, as well as the just tribunal into whose hands this may fall, that I am his friend and fellow-soldier.

R. F. HARVEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Second Arkansas Regiment.

General LIDDELL.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS LIDDELL'S BRIGADE, March 25, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

It is possible that there is a mistake as to the identity of the Yankee hospital. The one taken by the Second Arkansas Regiment was called the Griscom house. If, however, the Jenkins hospital and the Griscom house are one and the same, and General Johnson claims its capture by the Seventeenth Tennessee Regiment, then I do not understand why the enemy was left still in possession of it, with a long line of battle stretching westward, with which my brigade had to contend, and finally drive away with musketry and cannon shot. In this affair I certainly must attach some credit to the evidences of my own senses, that, too, corroborated by my field and regimental officers; but if these prove unavailing, I have nothing more to say. I see that General [Johnson] refers the subject to the Secretary of War in his indorsement on Lieutenant-Colonel Floyd's report. I shall be satisfied to let our claim rest with the division commander, who, it is presumed, is familiar with all the facts and persons interested, and if it should be in the way of General Johnson's glory, I am willing to let it go without further contention, however well assured I am, nevertheless, of what is due my brigade.

ST. JOHN R. LIDDELL,Brigadier-General.

No. 259. Report of Lieut. Col. John E. Murray, Fifth Arkansas Infantry.

ESTILL SPRINGS, TENN., January 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of December 31, 1862, after having bivouacked the previous night on the right bank of Stone's River about 2 miles from the town of Murfreesborough, Tenn., my command, with the other regiments of Liddell's brigade, was moved forward, gradually changing direction to the right as we moved forward. At about the hour of 7.30 a.m. we came in sight of the enemy, strongly posted with artillery and infantry in the edge of a piece of woods about 200 yards in our front, who immediately opened a well-directed and most deadly fire upon our advancing line. My command halted and immediately commenced returning the fire, and for about twenty minutes the command remained in an open field, exposed to a most deadly fire of artillery and infantry. At the end of this time the

55 R R-VOL XX, PT I

