
command to charge was given, and, as the men arose and started forward with a yell, the enemy gave way, falling back in good order to near the Nolensville pike, when a short stand was made, but, as our men showed no signs of wavering or halting for their fire, the enemy soon gave way again. Near this pike our first halt was made after the charge commenced, it having become necessary to obtain more ammunition. As soon as a supply of ammunition was obtained, we again moved forward, and soon came to a brigade of Confederate troops [McNair's, I think], which had just been repulsed by the enemy. Our men passed them, with a cheer, and soon came in sight of the enemy, who were again strongly posted behind fences and trees. Here the enemy made a most determined stand, fighting until our men got in 20 or 30 steps of them, but they could not withstand the impetuosity of our troops, and soon broke and fled in disorder. At this point I think our men fought three or four to one. We were almost flanked on both sides, and had an enemy equal, if not superior, to us in numbers immediately in our front. Every man of my command who was present fought here like a hero-first fighting on the right, then in front, and then on the left, and we actually whipped the enemy by detail.

It was at this point that Private J. K. Leslie, Company C, captured a stand of colors from the enemy, which I have the honor to forward with this report.

Shortly after this Brigadier-General Johnson's brigade relieved ours and passed to the front. We were by this time nearly out of ammunition, but still continued to follow Johnson's brigade, which was pursuing surprise, Johnson's brigade, which was about 100 yards in front of us, halted, and in a few moments gave way and fled in a disorderly and disgraceful manner, the men running through our ranks perfectly panic-stricken, and compelling us to fall back with them.

It is proper to state that not a single man that I could see in my command at this time fell back until the order had been given by Colonel Govan [who was then commanding the brigade] and been repeated by me. The enemy did not pursue us, and we soon halted, and, after changing positions several times, encamped for the night.

We remained within shelling distance of the enemy until the night of January 3, skirmishing with them every day without any decided result.

My total loss in the engagement of December 31, 1862, and in the skirmishes succeeding it, was: Killed, 12; wounded, 134, and missing, 1, making a total of 147.

Accompanying this I send a list* of the names of the killed, wounded, and missing. I carried into the fight 336 men.

The men who distinguished themselves for gallantry above all others were: Capt. A. B. Washington, Company K; Privates J. K. Leslie and John Atkinson, Company C; C. Mattix, Company F, and B. W. Maret, Company I.

Captain Washington, though wounded in right leg, continued to fight and cheer on his men throughout the day.

Private Leslie captured a stand of colors with his own hand, and afterward, when wounded badly by a shell, refused to go to the rear until I had to order him to go.

Private Atkinson fought bravely until wounded, and continued to fight as long as the enemy remained in range of his gun.

---------------

*Embodied in No. 191, p.680.

---------------

