HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, January 7, 1863.

Major-General G. GRANGER,

Lexington, Ky.:

General Carter has done well. He has severed the great rebel artery of communication between the North and South, the importance of which at this time can hardly be overestimated; has killed, wounded, and captured more than half of his own numbers, with the loss of only 10 men; has destroyed large amounts of rebel stores, arms, &amp;c., and has brought back his own command in safety. The result of the expedition has been telegraphed to the General-in-Chief, with an expression of my views as to the importance of the results accomplished. While waiting a reply from Washington, please present to General Carter, his officers and men, my congratulations upon the success of their efforts, and my full appreciation of the hardships and privations endured by them on their long and hazardous march over an almost impracticable country.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, January 9, 1863.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

The daring operations and brilliant achievements of General Carter and his command are without a parallel in the history of the war,* and deserve the thanks of the country. This expedition has proved the capacity of our cavalry for bold and dashing movements, which I doubt not will be imitated by others.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, January 20, 1863.

GENERAL: I have to transmit herewith a letter from Major-General G. Granger, commanding Army of Kentucky, inclosing the reports of Brig. General S. P. Carter and Colonel C. J. Walker, relating to the late expedition into East Tennessee, which resulted in the burning of bridges on the Virginia and East Tennessee Railroad at Union and Watauga, and of Majors Foley and Brown, commanding expedition into Middle [East] Tennessee.+

In submitting these reports, General Granger takes occasion to recommend Brigadier-General Carter for promotion to major-general, on the grounds of his valuable services in command of the East Tennessee expedition, and also to recommend Brigadier-General Gillmore for major-general, and Colonel S. A. Gilbert, Forty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, for promotion to brigadier-general. General Carter's claims speak for themselves. As regards General Gillmore and Colonel Gilbert, I would say that I fully indorse all that is said in their favor. Few men can be found combining the qualifications necessary to important commands in a higher degree than these two officers.

In stripping Kentucky of all available troops, and sending them to support General Rosecrans, I have retained both these officers, much against their wishes and interests, believing that the interests of the

---------------

*See Maynard to Halleck, January 10, and reply, January 12, in Part II, pp. 313,319.

+See December 24, 1862-January 1, 1863, pp. 159-163.

---------------

