
boy is highly commendable. The gallant conduct of the noble dead was conspicuous to the whole regiment.

I have the honor to call attention to the gallant conduct of First Lieutenant [W. M.] Bass, Company E, who was wounded in the first fight while bravely cheering his men. Captain [W. H.] Lankford, Company A, and Second Lieutenant [B. A.] Terett, Company E, also deserve special mention for gallantly on the field.

In the first charge my regiment captured two stand of colors. These were handed to me by Private James Riddle, Company C, and Corpl. N. A. Horn, Company E, but, owing to the rapidity of the pursuit, I found it impossible to carry these along, and they were left on the field. Another stand was also captured, but was left in the same manner as the others.

A full list of killed and wounded will be furnished by Lieutenant-Colonel Baucum.

The regiment during the whole engagement was always prompt to move at the command.

Very respectfully,

JNO. H. KELLY,

Colonel Eighth Arkansas Regiment.

Capt. G. A. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Liddell's Brigade.

No. 262. Report of Lieut. Col. George F. Baucum, Eighth Arkansas Infantry.

WARTRACE, TENN., January 12, 1863.

SIR: In the late battle of Murfreesborough, on December 31, 1862, where our brigade engaged the enemy, after leaving our camp on Stone's River in the morning, we were ordered forward, and in a short time we engaged the enemy first in a corn-field, where the firing became general along the line of our whole brigade, at which place our regiment suffered severely in killed and wounded. The firing was kept up for some ten or fifteen minutes in that exposed position, at which time McNair's brigade move up on our left and on the enemy's right and opened fire, at which time the enemy's right gave way. Then we were ordered forward, and, after crossing the fence in front of our regiment and the Sixth Arkansas, we saw that the enemy in front of the Fifth and Second Arkansas was still contesting the ground. At this time the order was given to about face, and we gave them an enfilade fire, and they soon fell back. We then forwarded to where they had been compelled to abandon two pieces of their artillery.

At this engagement I had my horse shot, and halted for a few moments and ordered the infirmary corps to carry our wounded to the hospital immediately in the rear. As I moved forward in the edge of the woods I saw Captain Williams, and asked how far the regiment was. His answer, as well as I remember, was, that it was some distance in the woods and that we were driving them like dogs. I moved on at double-quick through the woods, when I came to a cotton-patch and saw General Liddell, and he asked me what I was doing so far behind. I answered him that I had lost my horse and was very near broke down. He told me to catch up with my command. I went across the cotton-patch, passing a gin-house, and came to a cross fence, where the brigade was halted. There was some little firing with small-arms. Then Swett's battery opened on the enemy in the edge of the woods, and we were then ordered forward across a corn-field and into the woods a few hundred yards, and

