
were halted and received a new supply of ammunition. The firing still kept up on our right. After receiving our ammunition, we were ordered forward to an old field, and were moved some distance into the field and halted. Our battery went forward in the field and opened fire. Our skirmishers were moved forward and engaged. The brigade was ordered back to the woods. We then moved by the right flank for several hundred yards, and were then ordered forward, where engaged the enemy in a neck of woods, where the ground was warmly contested for some time, at which time General Johnson's brigade came up and we were ordered to charge. Then enemy was repulsed, we occupying the ground. The order was then given to cease firing. Johnson's brigade moved forward to the edge of a cedar thicket under cover of a cliff of rocks. We moved forward to a fence to the support of Johnson's brigade. As soon as we reached the fence the right of the front line gave way and the brigade in our front came to the rear in double-quick, passing through our lines. I tried to halt the men in front of my regiment, but they all passed through. After all had passed, Colonel Govan gave the order to fall back; we fell back to the woods under fire from the enemy.

This, I believe, is about as correct account as I can give, which I respectfully submit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. F. BAUCUM,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Eighth Regiment Arkansas Vols.

Capt. G. A. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 263. Reports of Lieut. H. Shannon, Warren Light Artillery.

ARTILLERY ENCAMPMENT, LIDDELL'S BRIGADE, Wartrace, Tenn., January 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the battery under my command, attached to Liddell's brigade, moved with the brigade at daylight on the morning of December 31, 1862, against the right wing of the enemy in front of Murfreesborough. After advancing about 1 mile, crossing a lane, and passing through a narrow strip of timber, I posted the battery on an eminence in an open field to the right of the brigade, and within 600 yards of one of the enemy's batteries, in front of Brigadier-General Johnson's brigade, and opened with a well-directed fire of round shot and shrapnel, causing the enemy to retire. Our loss was one horse killed.

I then moved the battery rapidly to the front and left, and took position 100 yards in rear of the brigade, in front of and within 600 yards of one of the enemy's rifle batteries, firing about 20 rounds to the piece with good effect, when the brigade gallantly charged and captured the battery, consisting of one rifle brass 6-pounder [4-inch caliber and 10-pound shot] and one 10-pounder Parrott steel gun [2,9-inch caliber]. From some unknown cause a shrapnel shot lodged about half way down one of the howitzers, thus temporarily disabling the piece, which was at once ordered a short distance to the rear. The timber being brought forward, I substituted the brass rifle piece just captured for the disabled howitzer, getting a good supply of ammunition from the enemy's chests. Our loss at this position was, Corpl. Martin Green, killed by a rifle shell; Sergt. John McMullen, severely wounded in the chest by a minie ball; Artificer Charles McDermit, severely wounded in the foot by a

