
minie ball; Private Frank Bonengal, slightly wounded in the hand by a minie ball; Private E. H. Duggar, slightly wounded on the hip by the fragment of a shell; also one wheel disabled by the enemy's rifle shot.

I then moved the battery forward through an open field and dense woods into a cotton-field, taking position 60 yards in rear of the brigade, and within 60 yards of a Federal hospital, a little to the rear and left of the same, and within 400 yards of the Wilkinson pike, the right of the brigade resting at the hospital. I fired shrapnel and shell at the enemy, who were posted along the fence and edge of the woods beyond the pike. The fire was directed principally to the left, and with the most satisfactory result, as the number of dead left on this part of the field by the enemy well attested. I fired about 25 rounds to the piece at this position, driving the enemy from his cover, when the brigade advanced and took possession of the woods beyond the pike. Our loss here was 4 horses killed and disabled.

After a few minutes of necessary delay, I was ordered to seek a position to the right, and moved the battery to the right of the hospital, where I found Generals Johnson and Wood, the latter falling back. I therefore moved the battery to the front and left, rejoining my own brigade across the Wilkinson pike. I then moved the battery to the right, down the pike about 700 yards, and, finding our lines falling back, posted the battery so as to protect their retreat. They, however, soon rallied and advanced, and I was ordered to move with the brigade by a flank to the left about 1 mile, and took position on an eminence, in full view of and commanding the Nashville pike, and about 700 yards to the left and rear of a second Federal hospital. I opened fire on the enemy's train of wagons moving rapidly to the rear, dividing and driving a part of the train back. The battery then moved with the brigade by a right flank about 1,200 yards, and advanced on the enemy, concealed behind a fence in an open field. I posted the battery in the corner of the field, on a line with the brigade, and within 150 yards of the enemy. I fired 4 rounds of canister from each piece with the most gratifying result. I then moved the battery quickly to the left through a narrow neck of woods, and, taking position on the left of the brigade, opened on the enemy, but was almost immediately ordered to a more elevated position in an open field about 300 yards to the left of the brigade, in front and within 500 yards of one of the enemy's four-gun batteries. The firing of the battery was remarkably good, compelling the enemy to change his position several times, and that of one of his guns as often as six times, when he abandoned the field. I then directed the fire of the battery on the enemy's lines, advancing to flank the brigade. The enemy fled before the charge of the brigade, and I was then ordered to take my original position, commanding the Nashville pike, which I did, driving the enemy's train from the road the second time. Private John Burcher was here slightly wounded in the shoulder by the fragment of a shell.

At the urgent and repeated requests of Brigadier-General Wharton for artillery, to assist in capturing the enemy's wagon train, I dispatched two guns to that officer and two to the brigade, the latter having possession of the Federal hospital, near the Nashville pike, at that time. Before General Wharton could use the guns sent him, our lines commenced to fall back, when the guns were ordered to rejoin the brigade, which they did in the woods between the Wilkinson and Nashville pikes, when the command bivouacked until morning.

On the morning of January 1, the battery moved with the brigade through the woods to the left, and took position in an open field within 800 yards of Overall's Creek, and fired on the enemy's cavalry along the creek, driving them in the direction of the Nashville pike. The battery

