
was then moved 400 yards to the front and right, and was posted so as to command the Nashville pike, and open fire on a column of infantry passing to the rear, and scattering his cavalry stationed along the road. The battery was then moved 200 yards to the right, to the original position, commanding the Nashville pike, and opened fire on the enemy's train. I was then ordered to place the battery 600 yards to the right and open on the enemy's line to the right of the hospital from the position I occupied in the open field, the enemy being about 1,000 yards distant. I soon drew the fire of his rifle batteries, when I withdrew, the object being simply to develop his position.

Private L. B. Jones was slightly injured from concussion, 2 horses killed, and 1 wheel disabled. Lieut. Thomas Havern had his horse killed under him by a rifle-shot from one of the enemy's guns.

I was then ordered to place the rifle piece in position so as to command the Nashville pike, and fired about 30 rounds at the enemy's cavalry and trains with some effect, when the axle broke, doubtless from the recoil of the gun. I then ordered it to the rear, in charge of Lieutenant Havern, and had it mounted on the howitzer carriage, and the disabled howitzer placed in the rear chests of a caisson and turned over at the depot in Murfreesborough.

The loss of the battery sums up as follows: 1 man killed, 3 severely and 4 slightly wounded, 11 horses killed and disabled, 2 wheels disabled, 1 howitzer disabled, and 1 axle broken.

I have the rifle piece and Parrott gun captured by the brigade, with 74 rounds of ammunition for the former and 187 for the latter, together with some 6-pounder ammunition taken from the enemy's chests. I also secured 8 artillery horses, with a small amount of harness, the rear portion of a caisson, a good forge, and about 200 horseshoes, with blacksmith's, carpenter's, and saddler's tools sufficient to supply the wants of the battery.

The battery fought over about 4 miles of ground, taking fourteen different positions and firing 153 rounds to the piece, making a total of 612 rounds.

Sergt. William P. McDonald commanded a section of the battery, to whom I am indebted for valuable services.

It affords me peculiar pleasure to state that not a man straggled during the battle, or showed, and private stood manfully at his post and performed his duty.

I acknowledge my profound indebtedness to Brigadier-General Liddell and staff for much valuable assistance, but more especially am I indebted to the general for his fearless example, and the readiness with which he in person indicate the position for the battery.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

H. SHANNON,

Lieutenant, Commanding Warren Light Artillery.

Capt. G. A. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ARTILLERY ENCAMPMENT, LIDDELL'S BRIGADE, Wartrace, Tenn., March 22, 1863.

SIR: My attention having been called by General Liddell to a report of Lieut. Col. Watt W. Floyd, commanding the Seventeenth Tennessee Regiment, dated March 18, 1863, giving some additional facts for the establishment of his claim to the capture of the Federal hospital, known as the Griscom house, at the battle in front of Murfreesborough, I deem

