
it proper to submit a more minute statement of facts touching the matter at issue than was contained in my report of that battle.

When I ceased firing at my second position, which was about 1 1/2 miles in rear of the hospital, the brigade charged and captured the battery referred to in my report, and continued to advance rapidly in the direction of the hospital. I moved the battery promptly to the front and left about 1,200 yards, and took position to prevent the enemy's cavalry from getting in rear of the brigade. I was detained here some fifteen minutes, but did not fire on the cavalry, as I had some doubt as to their being Federal; at the same time I replenished my ammunition chests. The cavalry disappeared, and I moved to the right and front through the open field, and thence forward through a narrow strip of woods into a cotton-field in rear of the hospital. I found the brigade posted behind a fence, the right resting at the hospital. General Liddell in person indicated the position for the battery, which was posted 50 or 60 yards in rear of the brigade, and about 60 or 70 yards to the rear and left of the hospital, on the left, and within 20 yards to the rear and left of the hospital, on the left, and within 20 yards of the lane running from the Wilkinson pike to the rear of the hospital. From this position I fired 18 or 20 rounds to the piece, driving the enemy from his position behind the fence running parallel to the Wilkinson pike, when the brigade moved rapidly forward in pursuit into the woods across the pike.

I remained in this position at least twenty-minutes after brigade had advanced, when General Liddell, returning from the front in search of his ordnance train, directed me to seek a position to the right. I moved across the lane to the right of the hospital, and, when opposite thereto, halted to receive ammunition from two of my limbers, which had just come up. At this moment General B. R. Johnson rode up to me. I saw a regiment of his brigade at a halt, the left resting at a horse lot, about 80 or 100 yards to the right and front of the hospital, with the right of the regiment somewhat to the rear, or, rather, at almost a right-wheel from our proper front. Finding a confused state of affairs to my right, I moved forward through the regiment and to the left and front to the Wilkinson pike, in order to rejoin the brigade, which was in the advance. I saw a number of dead and wounded Federals in the cotton-field and lane, and near the line house and hospital; also a large number of prisoners in the hospital yard.

Sergt. John McMullen states that it was here he was severely wounded in the chest by a minie ball, and not at the position last occupied by the battery, as stated in my report. I also lost 4 horses killed and disabled.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

H. SHANNON,

Lieutenant, Commanding Swett's Battery.

Capt. G. A. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 264. Report of Brig. Gen. Bushrod R. Johnson, C. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.

HDQRS. JOHNSON'S BRIG., [THIRD,] CLEBURNE'S DIV., HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Tullahoma, Tenn., January 15, 1863.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken in the action before Murfreesborough on December 31, 1862, by the brigade under my command.

In the first position taken by Major-General Cleburne's division at

