
the Triune road; and with a narrow opening on the right of this lane there was on either side a cedar glade. The brigade advanced into the glade, and, passing it under a warm fire on the right wing, it entered a wide corn-field on the left and a narrow field on the right of the lane. The conflict now became very sever-perhaps as much so as at any period during the day.

Immediately in front of the Seventeenth Tennessee Regiment, and to the right of a small thicket, was a battery of four guns-afterward found to be a Michigan battery-supported by a heavy force of infantry. Farther to the left was posted a second battery. As soon as the brigade entered upon the open ground it was exposed to a very heavy fire of grape, shells, and bullets. The Twenty-fifth Regiment, on the right of the lane, was especially exposed to a flank fire of the enemy's battery. The Seventeenth advanced steadily to within 150 yards of the battery, halted, and engaged the enemy most gallantly and efficiently for some time. Captain Darden's battery at the same time took position on the south side of the field, and with admirable skill poured in a well-directed fire of shell, shrapnel, and solid shot over the heads of our men upon the battery and infantry in front of my left wing, which soon silenced the enemy's pieces. The Seventeenth then charged and took the battery of four guns in front of it, having, with the aid of the artillery, killed eight men of the battery and many horses, and having wounded the captain and a number of his men and damaged one of his pieces.

As our men advanced, Captain Darden moved his battery to the left and engaged the enemy's battery on the left of the small thicket, which finally moved back from its position. After continuing the fire for a time from the open fields upon the enemy now in the woods beyond, the Seventeenth again charged and gained the woods where a stubborn resistance continued to be offered by the enemy, who took shelter behind trees and logs. Still the Seventeenth pushed rapidly forward, driving the enemy until its left was exposed to an enfilading fire from the enemy, who occupied a fence some 60 yards to the left. The Twenty-third Tennessee Regiment, in conjunction with the right of Brigadier-General Liddell's brigade, now approached in good time, and gallantly relieved the Seventeenth from this flank fire, enabling it to pass forward and drive the enemy from the woods.

On the right of the lane, where the Twenty-fifth, Forty-fourth, and Thirty-seventh Tennessee Regiments passed, there was much less open ground than on the left. When the enemy gave way in the field on the left of the lane, they fell rapidly back to the woods, and were soon driven from this cover; but on the right of the lane my right wing had to advance much more slowly against artillery and infantry, and gradually drive the enemy step by step, without the aid of artillery, through woods almost equal in extent to the woods and open ground on the left. The consequence was, that the Seventeenth Tennessee Regiment gained the open field beyond the woods and advanced to the woods in which this protracted struggle took place. This struggle on the right was maintained by our troops with the same gallantry and persistency as by those on the left, though that struggle presented not the same variety of phases in the former as in the latter. A battery of the enemy's artillery was posted in the corn-field in advance of the woods on the right of the lane. This battery was removed before our troops passed out of the woods.

The first serious conflict in which my brigade was engaged in this

