
and men as exhibited in the management of the battery, and in the efficiency and precision of its fire on this field of battle, ranks it, in my opinion, among the best batteries with the Army of Tennessee.

My staff served faithfully and creditably in this action. Capt. R. B. Snowden, assistant adjutant-general, was twice struck, and had his horse disabled, and remained actively employed on the field with the command. Capt. William T. Blakemore, aide-de-camp, was with me everywhere on the field, and rendered me all the assistance in his power. Capt. John Overton, volunteer aide, was wounded, and Capt. Jo. H. Vanleer, also volunteer aide, after having his horse disabled, fought in ranks, with a rifle. Lieut. George H. Smith, of the regular army, and my brigade inspector, was wounded before he reported to me on the field.

A rough map, exhibiting the movements of my brigade and battery in the battle before Murfreesborough, is herewith inclosed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Capt. IRVING A. BUCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 265. Report of Lieut. James B. Lake,-, Chief Ordnance Officer.
HDQRS. ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT, JOHNSON'S BRIGADE, Tullahoma, Tenn., January 23, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor of reporting that, while on the battle-field near Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 31, 1862, I collected and turned over to ordnance department about one hundred and sixty guns, consisting in Enfield rifles, minie and percussion muskets. I also took from the field one four-horse wagon complete, with fifteen boxes Enfield cartridges, which wagon I now have in my train.

Very respectfully,JAS. B. LAKE,

First Lieut.and Chief of Ordnance, General Johnson's Brigade.

Capt. R. B. SNOWDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 266. Reports of Lieut. Col. Watt W. Floyd, Seventeenth Tennessee Infantry.

TULLAHOMA, TENN., January 9, 1863.

GENERAL: In obedience to Special Orders, No.-, I submit a brief report of the part the Seventeenth Tennessee Regiment took in the battle of Murfreesborough, Tenn., on December 31, 1862.

The regiment was led into the action by the gallant Colonel Marks. When you had put the brigade in position to move against the enemy's lines, the Seventeenth occupied a position in a bottom, where a battery had been captured a few minutes before by General McCown's command. Upon being ordered forward, the regiment advanced up a gentle slope

