
longer. The space between the Forty-fourth and Seventeenth [Regiments] was then too long for so few men, but the men took advantage of the good room they had and went forward like skirmishers. Most of them ahead of the brigade, driving the enemy before them, and then shooting obliquely across before the Forty-fourth Regiment at the enemy's line as it retired before that regiment. When the regiment arrived at the corner of that woods on the left and at the corner of a field on the right, I found that the men were some of them too anxious to go ahead in advance of the brigade, and too likely to be captured by doing so, and I therefore halted them; and seeing all the regiments taking ground to the left, I directed the men that way, and, after going about 250 yards, halted them; and seeing all the regiments taking ground to the left, I directed the men that way, and, after going about 250 yards, halted and formed the men, taking our place in the brigade. Here it was discovered that most of the men were out of ammunition. They were ordered to gather all they could from the boxes left on the field, and the adjutant was sent to hunt the train. Meeting General Cleburne, he gave the adjutant orders to get ammunition from any train. Ammunition was soon obtained from some wagons. The brigade wheeled to the right, and as soon as the regiment had marched 300 yards the firing begun anew, and continued until the enemy were driven back to that cedar thicket. There a halt was made, but the fight continued some twenty minutes, and the right of the brigade gave back, and the regiment was, therefore, compelled to do the same. There was no one wounded in this firing of this regiment. The brigade then moved by the left flank about half a mile and relieved another brigade. The regiment then moved with the brigade against the enemy, firing all the time, until we crossed a field and came to a rocky cedar bluff. Here the regiment halted to fire at and drive the enemy from the thicket, but it was impossible for us to start his line. It was not many minutes until the right of the brigade left us again and we were compelled to retreat with the brigade.

There were 2 lieutenants and 7 or 8 men lost here. They are reported missing, but in all probability they are killed or wounded. The color-sergeant and colors were lost here. After this retreat the regiment was not engaged any more during the time it remained on the field.

The officers and men behaved themselves well. The regiment fought a destructive fight to the enemy, as was discovered by the dead and wounded Yankees on the part of the line we passed over. Many instances of bravery of officers and men could be mentioned, but as it seems to me that a set of men could not be more unanimous in trying to do their respective duties, no names will be mentioned, but I will only say for the regiment that all did their part with great credit.

Respectfully submitted.

SAMUEL DAVIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-fifth Tennessee.

No. 270. Report of Capt. C. G. Jarnagin, Thirty-seventh Tennessee Infantry.

JANUARY 7, 1863.

[The following is the] report of the part taken by the Thirty-seventh Tennessee Regiment in the engagement at Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

We engaged the enemy on the morning of December 31, 1862, just after daybreak. We were first attacked by the enemy's sharpshooters, who were about 75 yards on our right flank, damaging us considerably,

