
wounding Colonel White and Lieutenant-Colonel Frayser. Major McReynolds then took command: I was placed second in command. Not having any skirmishers out, we did not know the position of the enemy; consequently we fell back behind a fence, which was about 25 yards in our rear, in order to send out skirmishers and ascertain the position of the enemy. Before this could be done, a forward movement was ordered. We moved forward about 100 yards, and engaged the enemy in a cedar thicket. We drove them back to a fence in a piece of woodland. We engaged them there for a few minutes and then charged them, making a complete rout, at the same time pouring heavy volleys of musketry into their distracted ranks, mowing them down with terrible slaughter. The enemy retreated back to a cedar glade, where they had several pieces of artillery planted. Owing to the advantageous position the enemy held, we did not pursue them immediately, but moved by the left flank into a skirt of woods, where we formed a line of battle and moved forward until we came to a field. We charged across to a cedar thicket and engaged the enemy. We were met with a warm reception, but were able to repel them, taking 40 or 50 prisoners. We drove them back until we were nearly within the enemy's lines. Seeing that we wee about to be flanked, we fell back to a skirt of woods. While falling back, Major McReynolds was mortally wounded. I then took command of the regiment. We formed a line of battle in the woodland, changing our direction a little to the west. We then moved forward until we came to a large field. We charged across it until we came to a fence on the right of a log cabin. We opened fire upon the enemy, who occupied a second fence about 75 yards in front of us. We drove them from their position and occupied it for a few minutes. The enemy again fell back gradually. We were all the time pouring heavy volleys of musketry into them. We pressed upon them, taking possession of the crevices in a ledge of rocks the enemy had just occupied. We then poured buck and ball into them heavy. They had commenced running and scattering at a terrible rate, when the troops upon our right and left commenced giving way, with the cry that the enemy were flanking us. I could not see the danger, and did not give way. I got on a very high rock in order that I might make some discovery. I soon saw that Colonel [J. S.] Fulton and others were trying to rally their regiments, but failed. I waited until the enemy were about to close on us, and I gave the command to fall back. We then fell back across a field to the skirt of woods we had previously occupied and formed a line of battle. We did not engage the enemy any more only with skirmishers.

Respectfully submitted.

C. G. JARNAGIN,

Captain, Commanding.

No. 271. Report of Col. John S. Fulton, Forty-fourth Tennessee Infantry.

ESTILL SPRINGS, TENN., January 7, 1863.

The brigade was formed in line of battle by daylight on the morning of the 31st ultimo; the Forty-fourth, occupying its position next on the right, marched from its encampment through a corn-field. When approaching a thicket, the enemy opened a battery upon us in front of the Seventeenth Regiment, of same brigade, wounding some 3 men of my regiment. We advanced beyond the thicket through a corn-field, when

