
threw our guns into position, bearing on the battery, but could not open fire for our infantry, which was in front of us. But this obstacle was soon removed by moving by the flank to a position where they were not in our way. We then opened fire on the battery, and in a few minutes it limbered and retired with its supporting infantry through an open field nearly a mile in length. We played on their retreating columns until they were out of the reach of our guns. We then refilled our chests with ammunition and moved on as rapidly as possible. When we arrived near the Federal hospital we received orders from Major Hotchkiss, acting chief of artillery, to move down to the right of your brigade, and in rear of General Wood's brigade, and open fire at first opportunity.

We moved into the woods about midnight, between the two fields on which the Federal hospitals were located, and opened fire on the enemy, who were then pursuing General Wood's brigade, and succeeded in driving them back. We then limbered up and moved round to the right, in the field near the hospital, which is about 300 yards to the right of the pike, and, in conjunction with two guns of Captain Humphreys' battery, engaged a battery of the enemy, and, after a hotly contested fight, silenced four of his guns. By this time our infantry had rallied, reformed, and did the rest of the work for that battery. Our ammunition was then exhausted. We supplied our chests from the captured batteries, and were placed in position by General Hardee about 3 o'clock.

About 4.30 o'clock, reported, by order of General Hardee, to General Stewart [whose brigade was posted in the cedar brake on the left of the pike], to fight a battery of the enemy. After consultation, it was thought improper to open fire.

After dark I was ordered by Major [L.] Hoxton [of Hardee's staff] to the position I held at 3 o'clock. There we remained until next day, when we were ordered to rejoin our brigade. After dark of the same day I was ordered by General Cleburne to a position protecting the left of our division. Here we remained until the night of January 2, 1863, when the division moved over the right of our lines.

Nothing more of importance occurred until we retired toward Manchester. We moved five pieces of artillery off the field to Murfreesborough.

Corpl. H. A. Hendrixson wounded in the foot by explosion of a shell; Private J. T. F. Waters injured on the hip and shoulder-blade by a limb torn from a tree by a solid shot. Four others were slightly [wounded], but not enough to disable them.

I cannot speak too highly of the judgment, prudence, and courage displayed by my three lieutenants-[H. W.] Bullen, [F. W.] Coleman, and [C. B.] Richardson-in the management of their commands in the battle, nor of the deliberation and good judgment displayed by the non-commissioned officers in the management of their pieces, nor of the gallantry, energy, promptness, soldierly bearing of the privates in the discharge of their arduous duties in the ever memorable battle of Murfreesborough.

Respectfully submitted.

PUT. DARDEN,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

General B. R. JOHNSON.

[P. S.-Captured] Michigan battery, with shot, canister, case, and solid ball. The captain was wounded and taken prisoner, and he stated to men of Darden's battery: "Killed all horses in one caisson and injured the pieces and horses so that he could not remove it. Killed 8 men and wounded a number."

