
In the mean time I had detailed 20 men to report to Capt. J. W. Green, of the engineers, of Lieutenant-General Hardee's staff, who had offered his services to me, and he had totally demolished the bridge across the stream just beyond Triune.

I am deeply indebted to Captain Green for services rendered during this day, in every way evincing a zeal and knowledge, as well as courage, worthy of the highest commendation, bringing his men away from the bridge only when the enemy's shells were falling in their midst, the work having been accomplished.

The enemy's batteries, placed on the hill out of range of our pieces, now opened fire upon us. I ordered the guns behind the crest of the ridge. At this time large masses of cavalry appeared moving toward our left. They were fired upon by the six pieces which were rapidly advanced to the top of the hill. Many saddles were emptied and the whole thrown into confusion.

At this time a heavy storm of hail and rain beat in our faces, concealing the movements of the enemy. It had not abated before he was found to be advancing with a line of infantry extending a mile in length. Our skirmishers fired quickly upon the line, but seeing the overwhelming forces against us, General Wharton and myself concluded at once to retire. The artillery was ordered off. One piece of Darden's had been sent to the left and was 400 yards from the pike. The enemy made great exertions to capture it, but the coolness and courage of Captain Darden; the steadiness of our skirmishers on assembling and firing on the enemy; the gallant conduct of Captain [B. F.] White,jr., in placing a piece of his battery in position on the pike, and firing so rapidly on the advancing lines as to check them [but, above all, the disposition of cavalry made by Brigadier-General Wharton], gave time to bring it off in safety. In consequence of the loss of the bridge, the enemy could bring no artillery to bear on us. One piece of Darden's was now placed on the pike, and, firing upon the enemy, permitted our whole column to retire in good order, covered by the cavalry.

We marched until dark and bivouacked 3 miles from the Eaglesville pike, where I received an order to move at dawn to Murfreesborough, which I did.

In this affair I lost but 6 men; as they were left behind, I cannot say whether killed or wounded. The enemy report their loss to citizens of Triune [and we also have it from prisoners captured at Murfreesborough] at 65.

It is now known that [General A. McD.] McCook's corps, of three divisions, was assailing us on that day.

I am, general, with the greatest respect, your obedient servant,

S. A. M. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Capt. IRVING A. BUCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. WOOD'S BRIGADE, CLEBURNE'S DIVISION, HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Tullahoma, Tenn., January 11, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders from division headquarters, I submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the recent battles before Murfreesborough:

Having arrived at Murfreesborough on Sunday night, the 28th instant

57 R R-VOL XX, PT I

