
[ultimo], on Monday morning took my place in line of General Cleburne's division, being the left center brigade, Brigadier-General Liddell to my left, and Brigadier-Generals Johnson and Polk on my right. Remained in this position until Tuesday evening, when I received an order to follow Brigadier-General Johnson's brigade, which I did, passing through Murfreesborough, and across Stone's River to the left of our lines. I was placed in position about 300 yards in rear of Brigadier-General Polk's brigade. The Third Confederate Regiment [that had been detached] joined me. I had now about 1,100 men for duty. My line was as follows: Third Confederate Regiment, Thirty-third Alabama, Forty-fifth Mississippi, Sixteenth Alabama, and sharpshooters.

We were in line at 5 o'clock Wednesday morning. Near daylight I received an order to move forward and support Brigadier-General Polk. When we had advanced half a mile, firing commenced in front; a few shells exploded over my lines. After advancing 400 yards farther, I received an order from Lieutenant-General Hardee, by Colonel Black, to move by the right flank, and fill up any vacancy between Brigadier-General Polk's right and flank until I came to the Ninth Texas Regiment, which I was told belonged to General Cheatham's division. I then marched to the front against the enemy. Skirmishers were thrown out, who quickly returned before a heavy fire. My brigade then advanced to a cedar glade filled with rocky crevices, in which the One hundred and first Ohio Regiment lay concealed, being about 40 yards in advance of a brigade consisting of the Thirty-eighth and Twenty-first Illinois, and Eighty-first [Indiana], and Fifteenth Wisconsin. Firing continued for several minutes. Being unable to see the foe, I ordered firing to cease. The enemy, believing we were going to retire, sprung up, when a volley was poured into them, at once routing the brigade, which fled, leaving the colonel of the One hundred and first Ohio Regiment and the lieutenant-colonel and major dead, and a large number of other field and company officers, on the field. Pursuit was made, driving the enemy brigade became broken in the eagerness of the pursuit, the men of each regiment mixing together. As the enemy retired through a piece of woods extending forward between two fields, a battery directly in front of us was firing on us.

At this point the right of my brigade captured a hospital of the enemy across the Nolensville pike, containing many wounded officers and men. It was held until orders were given to retire. The sharpshooters and Sixteenth Alabama had possession of the house, and were three-quarters of a mile in advance of any part of our lines at this hour, save the left of my brigade and General Polk's brigade. I halted them, put them in line, and ordered, in conjunction with Brigadier-General Polk, a charge on a battery. The battery fled, however, before our men. We captured one caisson. We then pressed on, though now the lines of our men, which should have been on my right, seemed to have halted. We passed across the field and through a wood and across the Nolensville pike, driving the enemy. Here we entered another field and became engage with a heavy force in our front, while a battery of several guns was enfilading our entire line. The ammunition of several guns was enfilading our entire line. The ammunition of several regiments became exhausted, and we returned to the wood for shelter, while we refilled our boxes.

At this place Brigadier-General Johnson's brigade came up, and he formed it and marched off to our right. We soon followed, and, by direction of Major-General Cleburne, took position on the left of Brigadier-General Polk's brigade. The line now marched against the enemy

