
NOVEMBER 6, 1862.-Skirmish at Garrettsburg, Ky.

Report of Brigadier General Thomas A. Davies, U. S. Army, commanding District of Columbus, Ky.

LA GRANGE, TENN., November 11, 1862-9.20 p. m.

Major-General H. W. Halleck, General-in-Chief:

The following dispatch just received from General Davies, at Columbus:

The expedition commanded by Brigadier-General Ransom has proved a great success. It came up with Colonel Woodward's rebel force, 800 strong, near Garrettsburg; had a short engagement ; killed 16 of his men, among them 1 captain and a lieutenant; wounded 40, including 1 captain and 2 lieutenants; took 25 prisoners, all their horses and 50 mules, and a large number of arms and equipments, half the camps of Colonel Woodward's men, including his own, routing the whole concern, and driving them out the State of Kentucky. Our loss, 3 killed and 7 wounded.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

NOVEMBER 12, 1862.-Capture of courier station, on Stone's River, Tenn.

Report of Major-General Thomas L. Crittenden, U. S. Army.

STONE'S RIVER, November 12, 1862-2 p. m.

Twenty of the courier line were captured at this place at daylight this morning. The county between here and Nashville is reported infested by gangs of guerrillas. Two companies of cavalry are all I can spare for this service, and they are insufficient. Unless protected, they will all be captured. I respectfully suggest that a line of couriers be established from here to Nashville, and then withdraw my couriers from that line and place them on the line to Silver Springs, and I would also suggest that the brigade under command of Morgan be left here until some arrangement can be made for the safety of the line.

By order of Major-General Crittenden:

G. C. KNIFFIN,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.

Lieutenant Colonel ARTHUR C. DUCAT, chief of Staff.

NOVEMBER 15-20, 1862.-Reconnaissance from Edgefield Junction toward Clarksville, Tenn.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Colonel William P. Carlin, Thirty-eighth Illinois Infantry, commanding brigade.

No. 2.-Lieutenant Colonel David McKee, Fifteenth Wisconsin Infantry.

Numbers 1.

Reports of Colonel William P. Carlin, Thirty-eighth Illinois Infantry, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-FIRST BRIGADE, November 20, 1862.

CAPTAIN: As the long delay in obeying the telegraphic instructions of Major-General McCook to march to Nashville may occasion surprise,

