
On the morning of January 2, by order of Major-General Cleburne, the brigade was placed in line of battle on the extreme left of our lines, en echelon, supporting Brigadier-General Liddell, in which position it remained awaiting the approach of the enemy, or orders, during the day and night. The enemy shelled the woods in which we were frequently during the day, and at night pushed forward a regiment at different hours on our skirmishers, who were promptly driven back.

Just before daylight, the brigade moved with the division to the right of the army, occupying nearly its original position in the line of battle, where it remained until 11 o'clock that night, when, by order, it retired.

I have to remark that in this battle the brigade, with some few exceptions, which are noted in the reports of my colonels, behaved with great gallantry. The men went into action with a spirit and determination never before so clearly shown, and endured all the fatigues without a murmur.

To my officers commanding I beg leave to call attention. Col. William B. Wood, of the Sixteenth Alabama, was always in the lead. Located on the right, and subjected by our position to a cross-fire-from the fact that the lines to our right were always behind us-he carried his regiment forward, driving the enemy before him. Colonel [Samuel] Adams, of the Thirty-third Alabama, and Lieutenant-Colonel [R.] Charlton, of the Forty-fifth Mississippi; also Major [E. F.] Nunn, of that regiment, and Major [J. F.] Cameron, of the Third Confederate Regiment, are deserving of particular notice.

Captain [A. T.] Hawkins, of the sharpshooters, distinguished himself in this action. I call attention to the remark of Major Cameron with regard to Adjt. Frank Foster, jr., of the Forty-fifth Mississippi.

To my staff I am greatly indebted. Captain Palmer, assistant adjutant-general, was always in the van, and was surpassed by no one in deeds of valor; as also my aide-de-camp, Capt. William Simpson; as also Captains Joshua Sledge, D. Coleman, and my volunteer aide, Captain Shorter, who was wounded. Lieutenant J. Percy Walker, my assistant inspector-general, is deserving of especial notice for gallant services performed on this occasion from first to last.

In conclusion, the brigade commander expresses the opinion that in this battle the 1,100 men he took into action vindicated by their blood the determination of our people to conquer their freedom or die in the struggle-504 having been killed, wounded, or captured in this battle. Many of those who are noted as missing were killed or wounded. The command is ready to meet the enemy again.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

S. A. M. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Capt. IRVING A. BUCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 274. Report of Col. William B. Wood, Sixteenth Alabama Infantry, including

skirmish at Triune, December 27.

- -, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance of the order to report the movements and operations of this regiment in the battles at Triune and Murfreesborough, on the 27th and 31st ultimo, I beg to submit the following:

On the 26th ultimo we were ordered to the front of Triune, to support

