
General Wharton and repel the advance of the enemy, who was reported to be moving in that direction with a large force. We remained under arms until late in the evening, when we were ordered to return and strike our camps, send the wagons to the rear, and take position on the hill near the Franklin pike.

At 4 o'clock on the 27th we were under arms and moved forward to take position on the hills in front of Triune. We remained in that position, deployed as skirmishers,until 9 o'clock, when we were ordered back to our position in rear of the town. My regiment was deployed as skirmishers just behind brow of the hill and awaited the approach of the enemy. Captain Darden occupied the hill with his battery. The enemy an attempt to turn our left flank with cavalry, which was repulsed by the artillery and my skirmishers on the left, the enemy fleeing in confusion. About 1 o'clock a heavy rain commenced and continued for nearly an hour. As soon as it ceased, and we were able to see a few hundred yards to the front, we discovered the enemy advanced nearly up to our lines. We immediately opened fire upon him and held him in check until the artillery was drawn off, when we were ordered to fall back. As we were retreating, I discovered the enemy moving up on our right flank, but we were enabled to gain the turn in the road before they could cut us off. A piece of artillery opened on them from this point and checked their advance. Our lines was then formed on the pike and brought off without loss. Our casualties were 2 men slightly wounded.

We reached Murfreesborough Sunday night, and Monday morning were ordered to take position in the line of battle on the right wing near the Lebanon pike. We remained in this position until Tuesday night, when we were ordered across the river and bivouacked for the night on the river bank in an open field.

At daylight on the morning of the 31st, we were in line of battle and moved forward across the field. Before we had advanced 100 yards the enemy opened upon us with shells. Our line was pushed forward across the fields to the woods, where we discovered the enemy in a dense cedar glade, lying down behind the rocks. We commenced firing as soon as the skirmishers fell back, and continued firing for nearly half an hour, neither party yielding any ground. The general gave the order to "charge," and the men, with a yell, made a charge in gallant style, dislodging the enemy form their strong position and killing scores of them as they fled. We continued to push on for more than half a mile, when we came upon another line of the enemy. Again a fierce and stubborn resistance was made. Again the general ordered a charge, which was made with like results, the enemy being driven for more than half a mile until they fell behind a battery planted near a large frame house used as a hospital. Our line was reformed, and, with General Polk's brigade, moved up to charge the battery. As we approached, a few rounds were fired, and the battery was drawn off. We pursued as rapidly a possible, driving the enemy through the woods, across a corn-field, and beyond the Nolensville pike. As we approached the field another battery to our right opened upon us. We charged across this open field more than a quarter of mile to capture the battery. About the time we reached another house used as a hospital, another battery (planted on the pike) opened a cross-fire upon us, and at the same time a heavy infantry force, supporting the battery, opened its fire. Our ammunition here gave out, and we were compelled to fall back to the woods to obtain a supply. It was now about 11 o'clock. Our line was again formed and moved forward across the pike and into the woods, where we again encountered

