
the enemy and opened fire upon him. We continued to move forward and charge them whenever they made a stand, until they were driven nearly 2 miles. The fighting in the afternoon continued for about three hours. Our ammunition being again exhausted, we fell back out of the reach of the enemy's guns and obtained da fresh supply. The fighting now ceased on the left wing, and night soon coming on we bivouacked on the field.

The morning of [January] 1 we moved to our position and remained in it until the afternoon, when we were moved forward to make a reconnaissance of the position of the enemy. Being found in large force and our position very much exposed to the enemy's artillery, we were ordered back to our original position.

We were again in line of battle on the morning of the 2nd, and remained so all day without any engagement with the enemy. That night we were ordered to recross the river and occupy our formed position on the right wing, which we did, and remained there until 11 o'clock that night, when ordered on the retreat.

I lost in the battle of the 31st ultimo 24 killed, of whom 4 were lieutenants, and 142 wounded, among whom were Lieutenant-Colonel Helvenston, Major [J. H.] McGaughy, and Adjutant [B. A.] Wilson, and 6 lieutenants. A list* of the killed and wounded is herewith forwarded.

My regiment encountered the One hundred and first Ohio Regiment, commanded by Colonel [Leander] Stem, at the beginning of the fight. We wounded and captured the colonel and killed the

lieutenant-colonel. We next fought the Twenty-fifth [Thirty-eighth] and Twenty-first Illinois, and Eighty-first Indiana, and Fifteenth Wisconsin Regiments, killing and wounding a number of the officers and men.

I feel proud in being able to report that most of my officers and men behaved with signal courage and unflinching bravery during the whole action. There were some instances of peculiar gallantry displayed which came under my notice, and no doubt others equally creditable occurred which I may not have observed. I mention Adjt. B. A. Wilson, who, after Lieutenant-Colonel Helvenston and Major McGuarghy were wounded, rendered efficient services in leading the left wing of the regiment in the charges which were made,until he fell, severely wounded. Serg. MajorRobert [H.] Cherry, finding Company I without an officer during the action, assumed command, and gallantly led them through the fight. Private Harvey G. Sergeant, of Company H, is reported as having behaved very gallantly; he lost an arm, and deserves promotion. Privates William Boyce and James Peeden, of Company C; Color-Sergt.[William] Drury Bowen, of Company H; Serg. H. W. Rutland, of Company A; Private Peter White, of Company F, and Private Robert Williams, of Company B, acted with courage and bravery. Private H. D. Smith, of Company A, received a wound in one leg, but contained on the field, fighting, until he was wounded in the other leg. He is a young man deserving consideration.

Among the officers who displayed signal gallantry I noticed Captain [William] Hodges, of Company F; Lieutenant [C.] Davis, of Company B; Lieutenant [G. W. W.] Jones, of Company G; Lieutenant [G.] Pride, of Company A, and Lieutenant [C. F.] Carson, of Company C, who remained on the field after was wounded; Lieutenant [T. J.] Salter, of Company D, who was wounded and left the field, had his wound dressed, returned again to his duties, and remained until compelled by suffering to leave. Lieutenants [D. W.] Alexander and [D. C.] Warren, of Company F,

