
were with their command from the beginning to the end of the battle. Lieutenants [William S.] Humphries and [J. N.] Watson, of Company K, were also with their command throughout the whole engagement. The gallant dead and wounded fully discharged their duties until they fell.

I mention with pleasure the efficient services of Capt. T. A. Kimball, chaplain of the regiment, who took charge of the infirmary corps, and followed close behind the regiment, removing the wounded as soon as they fell, himself dressing many of the wounds.

Surg. F. S. McMahon and Assistant Surgeon [William M.] Mayes were at their posts, discharging their duties faithfully, promptly, and efficiently.

Respectfully submitted.

W. B. WOOD,

Colonel, Commanding Sixteenth Alabama Regiment.

[Captain] O. S. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 275. Report of Col. Samuel Adams, Thirty-third Alabama Infantry.

ESTILL SPRINGS, TENN., January 7, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to circular of this date, headquarters Wood's brigade, I have the honor to report that on 24th ultimo I arrived at Triune, Tenn., at which place my regiment was encamped, doing outpost duty. On 26th of same month I resumed command of it. At 1 p.m. on that day may regiment was ordered forward to meet the advance of the enemy. The regiment, in accordance with orders, moved forward about 2 miles from Triune and halted until about 4 p.m., when it was ordered to form line of battle about half a mile in rear of Triune, in which position it remained until 4 a.m., December 27, when it was ordered to form line of battle on the road leading from Triune to Murfreesborough, about 300 yards form the village. At this place until about 9 a.m., when it was ordered to move across the bridge on the turnpike road leading to Shelbyville, about 2 miles from Triune, and form line of battle on the range of hills immediately south of it. At this place it remained until 3 a.m., when it was ordered by General Wood to fall back in rear of his brigade on the Shelbyville turnpike.

On night of December 28, it encamped about 1 miles west of Murfreesborough.

On December 29, it formed line of battle near the Nashville turnpike, about 1 1/2 miles from Murfreesborough, about 1,000 yards in rear of the line formed by General Breckinridge's command, on the right wing of the enemy.

On the night of December 30, it moved across the river to the west wing of the army, and about 12 p.m. encamped on the banks of Stone's River, about 1 1/2 miles from Murfreesborough.

Early on the morning of December 31, it was ordered forward, and about sunset attacked the enemy's lines. The enemy were in a thick cedar thicket. Going down, I ordered my regiment not to fire until the enemy could be plainly seen. The Sixteenth Alabama Regiment, which was on the right of my regiment, fired two or three rounds before the

