
enemy in front of my regiment could be seen. When I first saw the enemy he was about 140 yards off, and I immediately gave the command to my regiment to fire. In about ten minutes after the firing commenced the enemy's lines in front of my regiment commenced giving way. I immediately ordered my regiment forward, which order it promptly obeyed, running at a rapid pace and firing as it advanced. It pursued the enemy for about half a mile, when the line became confused by the regiments, both on the right and left, pressing toward the center; it was halted by General Wood and formed. After being formed in order, it moved forward about half a mile, when it was within 200 yards of one of the enemy's batteries, strongly posted in an open field immediately in my front line, in a secure position. I halted the regiment until I ascertained that the battery could not attack, and then moved my regiment back about 75 yards to support one of our batteries on the right of my regiment. This position I held until the pieces were removed, when I ordered my regiment to fall back for the purpose of supplying it with ammunition.

About 12 m. my regiment, with the brigade, was, by order of General Wood, moved forward for about half a mile, when the regiments on the right of my regiment opened fire; but I not being able to see the enemy, ordered my regiment to move forward. When it had advanced about 25 yards, the enemy, who had been lying down, rose and moved rapidly away.

At this time my regiment, by my order, commenced firing. I pursued the enemy for about 400 yards to the edge of the wood. The enemy had taken a position in the open field too strong to be taken.

On January 1, 1863, my regiment moved forward through an open field to a hospital, about 200 yards from the enemy's lines. In this position it remained about twenty minutes under the fire of the large and small arms of the enemy, and was then ordered by General Wood back to its original position.

On January 2, my regiment during the day remained in line of battle in the same position until about 11 a.m., when it was ordered to cross the river and form line of battle near its original position on the right wing of the army.

In this position it remained until about 11 p.m., January 3, at which [time] it was ordered to fall back from Murfreesborough. For nine days my men were continually marching, in line of battle, or actually engaged in fighting; very frequently slept in the rain without tents, and during the whole time not of complaint was heard until they learned that they were to fall back from Murfreesborough.

In this battle the regiment, with the exception of a very few men, acted very bravery. Many of them, when the regiment was moving forward, utterly regardless of their safety, were at all times far in advance of the line. When I ordered the regiment forward, it always promptly obeyed, and when it was retiring it as promptly obeyed the command "halt."

In these engagements Capt. W. E. Dodson, commanding Company C, and Captain Thomas Seay, commanding Company K, acted with much coolness and bravery, being in all forward movements in advance of the regiment, cheering their men forward.

Near the close of December 31, 1862, Captain Seay fell, severely wounded. Sergeant Major Mizell, at his own request, carried a gun into the action on 31st, and took position near the colors. He fell, mortally wounded, in the first charge, in advance of the regiment, cheering the men forward.

