
Corpl. Isaac R. Smith, Company C; Sergeant Stewart, Company H; Private Byrd, Company I; Private Foster, Company E; Private Riley, Company D, each acted with much coolness and bravery during the engagements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. ADAMS,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-third Alabama Regiment.

Capt. O. S. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 276. Report of MajorJ. F. Cameron, Third Confederate Infantry.

MANCHESTER, TENN., January 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of killed, wounded, missing, and prisoners belonging to the Third Confederate Regiment, together with the part taken by my command, in action at Murfreesborough December 31, 1862:

My command took position on the left of the brigade on Tuesday, [December] 30, and remained on the field until the army fell back. During the engagement of Wednesday fought in line of battle, but finding my command more efficient when deployed, I moved in front of the brigade about 12 o'clock Wednesday. The brigade was ordered to charge the enemy, strongly posted in a skirt of timber some 500 yards distant, a corn-field intervening. Having no support, it was repulsed. I withdrew my command under cover of a captured hospital, when I reorganized my regiment and rejoined my brigade. During the afternoon the brigade was ordered to the support of General Johnson, being too much to the left of that command. The enemy immediately appeared in our front. I deployed my regiment on the right of the fourth company and opened fire. The enemy's line was posted behind a fence. With the aid of 50 straggles, I charged the fence, driving the enemy, capturing their colors and about 30 prisoners. The brigade then opened upon the opened upon the retreating Abolitionists, killing great numbers.

My command being much reduced, General Wood honored me with a position on his staff during the fight of Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.

The conduct of both officers and men of my command, without exception, was worthy of all praise. I would call the attention of the general to the conduct of Lieut. Frank Foster, jr., of the Forty-fifth Mississippi Regiment. Ever by my side, he displayed great gallantry and coolness. Seizing the standard, he rallied hundreds of panic-stricken men, thereby reforming our then thin ranks.

Lieutenant [H. H.] Davis, Company E, was badly wounded and left at hospital at Murfreesborough. All the remainder of my wounded are within our lines.

Very respectfully,

J. F. CAMERON,

Major, Commanding.

Capt. O. S. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

