
brigade was moving, I gave the command "forward." The enemy were strongly posted behind some stables and a gin-[house]. We charged and drove him from this strong position, aided in part by the Third Confederate Regiment, the enemy pouring a perfect hail-storm of canister and grape upon us. Perceiving the enemy were flanking me on the right, I ordered Major [E. F.] Nunn to report the fact to you. He returned and informed me that the brigade was falling back. I then ordered my men to fall back, covering themselves as far as possible by a line of fence. During this move I am confident many of my men were killed and wounded.

Never did men act more gallantly than these men under my charge in this move, and, with but few exceptions, during all the battles. The actions of Sergeant Asberry, Doolittle, Morrison, Vaughan, and Stewart, Lieut. G. W. Williams, Sergeant-Major Kern, and Corporals Mallett, Hackler, and Read, and Private McChadin are worthy of mention. I take particular pleasure in recommending Corpl. J. D. Read for promotion. When two color-bearers were shot down, he nobly volunteered to bear the colors. He is every way qualified for an officer. Major Nunn and Adjutant [F.] Foster,jr., acted, as usual, cool and deliberate, and aided me materially in controlling the regiment. We entered the fight with 217 men and officers.

 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Total.

Officers	 2	 5	 6	 13

Privates	 3	 35	 61	 99

Total	 5	 40	 67	 112

Total casualties since	 ---	 ---	 ---	 6

December 26, 1862

Aggregate	 ---	 ---	 --- 	 118

Of this number 3 officers reported missing were either killed or wounded and 23 men.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. CHARLTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Forty-fifth Mississippi.

No. 278. Report of Capt. A. T. Hawkins, Fifteenth Battalion Mississippi Sharpshooter.

JANUARY 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circulars, I have the honor to submit he following report, viz:

On Wednesday morning, December 31, 1862, about 7 o'clock, General S. A. M. Wood's brigade was formed in line of battle about half a mile back of the position occupied by General McCown. The battalion of sharpshooters, consisting of two companies, numbering 78 officers and men, was formed on the right of the brigade. After advancing three-quartermasters of a mile, the firing became brisk, and one platoon of the sharpshooters was thrown out to feel for the enemy. They were not long in finding them, and were rallied on the reserve; fell in with the brigade,

