
About this time another battery opened upon my front, killing and wounding about 30 of my command, principally from Brigadier-General McNair's brigade. Night closed this almost a battle. During the night the enemy extended his lines, covering my front.

At the dawn of day, in obedience to orders from Lieutenant-General Hardce, I moved my reserve brigade (McNair's) and placed it on my right, and moved upon the enemy in my front, about 600 or 800 yards distant. I will here state that Major-General Cleburne's division was placed in rear of my command as a second line. The Triune road turned square to the left about 150 yards in front of

Lieutenant-General Polk's left and again square to the right about 400 yards from the first turn. An open on my entire front; on the right of the field and in front of Lieutenant-General Polk's left was a cedar brake.

As I advanced, my right flank received a galling fire from this brake, as well as in my front both infantry and artillery. My men advanced steadily, reserving their fire until they were but a short distance from the enemy's position. A volley was delivered, and their position and batteries taken with the bayonet, leaving the ground covered with his dead and wounded, leaving also many prisoners in our hands; among them Brigadier-General [August] Willich, captured by Mr. James Stone, volunteers aide to General McNair, and another officer representing himself as a

brigadier-general (name forgotten), captured by General McNair's orderly, volunteer King. The enemy made several attempts to rally, but failed, being closely pressed by my men, their defeat becoming almost a rout. The enemy was pressed near a mile. The force of the enemy in my front prevented me throwing forward my left wing as soon as instructed by Lieutenant-General Hardee.

In the mean time the enemy pushed a force to my right and rear, close upon the battery captured on my right. Captain [J. P.] Douglas, coming up with his battery, came close upon this body of the enemy, discovering that the enemy supposed it to be a Federal battery. He obliqued to the left, came into battery, not bearing on the enemy, they waving their flags at him. In an instant he turned his guns upon them and opened with canister. The surprise was complete, and the enemy fell back in considerable disorder.

About this time a heavy force was brought against my right flank. Brigadier-General McNair, commanding the brigade on my right, discovered their movements and halted his brigade. I directed General McNair to face his brigade to the right, and file it to the right to check this movements. The moment was critical. I sent the same order to Generals Ector and Rains, which was promptly obeyed by them, leaving a strong body of the enemy in their front. Seeing General Liddell's brigade in the rear, I brought it forward and placed it on my right to cover this change of front. General Liddell became at once engaged with a largely superior force, the enemy under shelter of a fence, General Liddell in an open field. He gallantly maintained his ground until General McNair's brigade was placed on his left. General McMair at once moved upon the enemy, pushing his right on his center and forcing him from his position for half a mile. The enemy was here posted behind a rail fence. Again General McNair advanced across an open field for nearly 400 yards,and drove them from their position, capturing all but two guns of their battery co-operated in this action. The enemy was actively pursued for about three-quarters of a mile, where the division was halted and ammunition issued - 40 rounds having been nearly exhausted. Brigadier-General McNair, by his skill and energy, defeated the enemy in this last action before I could bring Generals Ector and

