
least twenty-three, besides caissons, forges, and other ordnance stores. The division passed, untouched, wagons, knapsacks,&amp;c.

Brigadier-Generals Ector and McNair and Colonel Harper (commanding McNair's brigade in the latter of the day) exhibited cool and dauntless courage, as well as skill, in the handling of their commands.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the regimental and company officers; all bore themselves gallantly and nobly.

To the non-commissioned officers and soldiers of my division I owe a debt of gratitude. I did not see a single straggler nor a single plunderer up to the attack on the enemy's position on the Nashville pike; every man seemed inspired.

To my staff on the field I am under many obligations for the efficient manner in which they performed their respective duties, viz: MajorH. S. Bradford, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff; Major G. A. Henry, jr., inspector-general; Major Batt. Barrow and Capt. F. S. De Wolff, assistant adjutant-general; Lieut. B. N. Mathes, assistant inspector-general; Lieut. H. S. Foote,jr., aide-de-camp; Mr. R. R. McClure, volunteer aide; Lieut. E. M. Ross, acting aide-de-camp; Capt. G. M. Mathes, chief of artillery.

Capt. J. D. Allison, ordnance officer, performed his duty well, not only supplying ammunition to my division, but to others.

Lieut. Col. W. E. Dyer, acting paymaster to Smith's corps in the field; MajorM. Cheatham and Capt. C. W. Kennedy, assistant quartermasters, have my thanks for the efficient manner in which they performed duties assigned to them.

MajorP. F. Glass, division commissary, and MajorH. Brownson Smith, acting commissary of subsistence, rendered good service in their department in supplying the command in the field and the hospitals.

Division Surg. Gus. B. Thornton was untiring in his labors with the wounded. He is entitled to the thanks of the command.

On several occasions Lieut. D. C. Chamberlain, of my escort, carried my orders on the field to my satisfaction.

My two orderlies, William T. Brabson and William Forbes, bore themselves with great courage, and were useful to me in many ways. Mr. Armstrong, of Knoxville, behaved with great gallantry.

To Brigadier-General Liddell, commanding brigade in Cleburne's division, I am under many obligations. He came into action at my request at a critical moment, gallantly maintaining the fight until I could change my front and bring my troops into action. This was the only active support that I am aware of receiving until I was forced to abandon my purpose of establishing myself on the Nashville pike.

I feel grateful to Lieutenant-General Hardee for the consideration exhibited for my weary and exhausted command, as well as for the confidence (as exhibited by him in sharing our fortunes at one time in rear of the Federal army) reposed in them.

It is with pride and pleasure I record the gallant bearing of my division, but it is with a sad heart I record the roll of the gallant dead and wounded.

Col. R. B. Vance, Twenty-ninth North Carolina, succeeded to the command of General Rains' brigade. Colonel Vance bore himself gallantly.

After the fall of General Rains, his staff on the field reported to me. Their bearing at all times when under my observation was very gallant. They are as follows: Captain [Felix] R.[R.] Smith,

inspector-general; Lieut. T. B. Thompson, aide-de-camp, and Capt. C. A. Nicholas, volunteer aide-de-camp.

I send inclosed the reports of my subordinate commanders and a

