
four companies of infantry. We reached the foot of Cumberland Mountains, passing through Crank's Gap at 11 p.m., and bivouacked, men and horses completely jaded and worn, having been, in the last five days and seventeen hours, out of the saddle but thirty hours.

On the 5th instant the command reached Manchester, Clay County, and rested on the day following. The march was resumed on the morning of the 7th, and on the 8th I received your order directing the several detachments to be sent to their respective camps.

After reaching Richmond, on the 9th instant, they separated, the First Battalion Seventh Ohio moving on to Winchester, and the two battalions Second Michigan and Ninth Pennsylvania to Nicholasville.

Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, the severity of the marches, and the scanty supply of rations for no inconsiderable portion of the time, both officers and men bore their hardships without a single murmur or a word of complaint. They returned, after a journey of 470 miles, 170 of which were in the enemy's country, in high spirits and in good condition, proud to think they had accomplished a feat which, for hazard and hardships, has no parallel in the history of war.

Where all were so ready and willing to do their duty, and performed it with so much cheerfulness and alacrity, it is no easy matter to select a portion for special commendation, but the two battalions of the Second Michigan, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell, deserve particular notice for their drill, discipline, and efficiency. From the superiority of their arms, and their skill in their use, they seemed to feel themselves invincible, and, whenever there was an enemy to meet, they advanced against him with the coolness and steadiness of veterans.

I desire to make special mention of the following officers, who were temporarily attached to my staff, and to whose zeal and faithful services I bear willing testimony. I hope that you will bring them to the favorable notice of the proper authorities: Colonel T. T. Garrard, Third Regiment Kentucky Infantry; Major W. P. Roper, Sixth Regiment Kentucky Cavalry; Captain L. D. Watkins, Fifth U. S. Cavalry, and chief of cavalry; Captain T. B. Brooks, New York Volunteer Engineers; Captain T. McNish, Third Regiment East Tennessee Infantry, and Captain T. H. Easley, Third Regiment East Tennessee Cavalry.

To Colonel Carter's knowledge of the people and country in the vicinity of the railroad bridge is mainly due our success at those points, with so small a loss of life.

Colonel Garrard, an officer of sound judgment and great discretion, was of invaluable service in passing through the mountains of Eastern Kentucky. He gave his whole heart to the work, and was of great service to the expedition.

To the members of my staff, Captain C. W. Cowan, assistant adjutant-general; Dr. C. W. McMillan, acting brigade surgeon, and Lieutenant S. H. Robinson, aide-de-camp, my special thanks are due for the satisfactory manner in which they at all times performed their (under the circumstances) difficult duties.

I inclose the report of Colonel Walker, commanding cavalry brigade, and also the list of paroled prisoners.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major-General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding Army of Kentucky.

