
bringing on an engagement. On the morning of the 31st, however, it came up on the line, and the whole division moved forward in line of battle about daylight.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. B. KILGORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ector's Brigade.

[Inclosure G.]

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., May 11, 1863.

Major General JOHN P. McCOWN,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: In reply to your question propounded to me this morning, I have the honor to state that on the morning of December 31, 1862, when the line of our division became engaged with those of the enemy at Murfreesborough, I looked at a watch and it was exactly eight minutes to 6 o'clock.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. FOOTE,

Captain, Provisional Army, Confederate States.

No. 281. Report of Capt. J. D. Allison, ---, Chief Ordnance Officer.

HEADQUARTERS ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT, Shelbyville, Tenn., January 11, 1863.

SIR: Wednesday morning, December 31, 1862, found my ordnance train encamped on the east bank of Stone's River, on the Triune road. At daylight I received orders from the major-general commanding to follow close behind, and at 8 a.m. I issued to General McNair's brigade; about 9 a.m. to Generals Rains' and Preston Smith's brigades; an hour later to Generals Ector's and Liddell's brigades. Taking up my position near the hospital, designated by the

major-general, I remained until he ordered me to occupy a position in a small grove on the right of the Wilkinson pike, about the center of our division and some half a mile to the rear. Here I remained but a short time, when I was, by the shot and shell of the enemy, compelled to leave and again take my former position near the hospital. About 12 o'clock I was ordered up to supply General McNair, also a portion of Generals Ector's and Preston Smith's brigades. I was then ordered by Lieutenant-General Hardee's ordnance officer to retire some mile or more across the Wilkinson pike toward the Triune road. About 2.30 p.m. I was ordered to supply a portion of Generals McNair's and Ector's commands. This done, I supplied a large portion of Generals Wheeler's and Wharton's commands. Again going to the rear, I remained until the firing of small arms ceased, and after dark I moved up and encamped on the Wilkinson pike, near the mouth of a lane. My entire train consisted of 23 wagons, one of which (belonging to General Rain's brigade) I lost by its breaking down.

On the next day I procured another wagon and sent for the stores, but found they had been moved.

Three captured Federal wagons and teams were turned over to me, one containing field-gun ammunition and the others small-arms cartridges-18,000 each.

