
up the division immediately, and was consequently some distance behind by the time he was in condition to move forward, which he did as soon as possible. Captain Humphreys' battery (McNair's brigade) was ordered up to take position on the right of Captain Douglas and to support him; but the enemy having fled before he could arrive, he pushed on his battery and passed to the right of the division, and engaged the enemy rear the Wilkinson pike. He was engaged by a vastly superior force of the enemy's artillery, and had four of his guns disabled and five men wounded and several horses killed. He held his position with his two remaining guns until the artillery of the enemy was captured or forced to retire.

Both the officers and men of this battery deserve credit for the gallant manner in which they stood by their guns and served them. The battery commanded by Lieutenant McDuffie not having been furnished with sufficient ammunition, it was left in reserve near the house on General Cheatham's left, where it remained until about 2 p.m., when it was moved across the Wilkinson pike, but was ordered back by Brigadier-General Maney to take position to cover the retreat of our division in case they were compelled to fall back at this place. I put all the batteries of this division in position at the place where they remained until Friday night, when they were ordered to Murfreesborough.

I gathered up and sent to Murfreesborough on this day sixteen pieces of artillery, a number of caisson, and some battery wagons, forges,&amp;c., captured by this division. Major [L.] Hoxton, chief of artillery, Lieutenant-General Hardee's corps, assisted and had others carried off the field. In consequence of the recent rains, the ground was almost impassable for the movements of artillery, and the division was, in a measure, deprived of this arm.

I am, respectfully,

GEO. M. MATHERS,

Acting Chief of Artillery, Major-General McCown's Division.

MajorH. S. BRADFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 283. Report of Brig. Gen. M. D. Ector, C. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, McCOWN'S DIVISION, Shelbyville, Tenn., January -, 1863.

In obedience to special orders from division headquarters, it becomes my duty to make a report of the operations of my brigade in the recent battles before Murfreesborough.

During the night of the 30th ultimo, I was ordered to have my command in readiness to move upon the enemy at daylight on the next morning. General McNair's brigade was to move up in position on my right and General Rains' brigade on my left. The enemy were known to be in strong force immediately in front of us, supported by several batteries. These were posted near the edge of the timber. There was a level between us, about 500 yards across it. A few minutes after 6 a.m. on December 31, the two brigades had arrived in the position indicated, and the command "Forward, march," was given. The three

