
brigades moved off together. When we had arrived within about 200 yards of the enemy's batteries in front of my brigade, they opened fire upon us. Immediately the order was given to charge. The enemy were not expecting such a movement on our part. Their infantry fired into us about this time. None of the three brigades faltered for a moment. When we had arrived within about 100 yards of their batteries, I ordered my men to fire. We poured a hot and deadly fire into them and continued to advance. Such determination and courage was perfectly irresistible. My brigade was within 30 yards of their cannon when they fired the second round. Quite a number of my brigade were killed and wounded, but the gaps made by the canister and small-arms closed up in an instant. In this charge Col. J. C. Burks, commanding the Eleventh Texas Regiment, received a mortal wound. Their infantry gave way about the time we reached their batteries. They attempted to form again behind a second battery. We pressed upon them so rapidly they soon gave way the second time. At a fence they made a short stand, but were driven from it. We passed over two cannon which they had attempted to get off with. They continued to keep up a running fight for awhile, taking shelter behind the farm-house which lay in the line of their retreat. The rout soon, however, became complete. I soon discovered that we had separated from General McNair's brigade. After pursuing the enemy 2 1/2 miles, I halted my command, faced it to the right, intending to proceed with it in the direction of a heavy firing of small-arms; in that direction I supposed General McNair's brigade had gone. We had captured quite a number of prisoners, who had been sent to the rear. The enemy in their hasty retreat had left their camp equipage; and guns, blankets, overcoats, and knapsacks marked the line of their retreat. General Wharton's cavalry brigade continued in pursuit of those we had been after, and killed and captured (as I have since learned) many of them.

About this time I received an order from the division commander to move my command so as to rejoin General McNair, who, with General Liddell, was engaging the enemy. This order was promptly obeyed by both General Rains and myself. After marching about 1 1/2 miles, we came up with General McNair's brigade. They had driven the enemy some distance, and were halted for the purpose of getting a new supply of ammunition. As most of my men had nearly exhausted their 40 rounds, they were also halted and ordered to supply themselves with ammunition. General Rains thought his men were pretty well supplied, and, after making a short halt, he was ordered to the right of the other two brigades in a northeast direction until he came up with the enemy. He had gone, I would say from the firing in this direction, but little over half a mile before he engaged them. We were ordered forward, and I was told to cause the left of my brigade to oblique to the right. We had marched about 1 mile in this direction. General Rains in the mean time was driving back the enemy, when, unfortunately, he fell, mortally wounded. He had driven them through a dense cedar forest and into a field. Their left wing had either been routed or driven back upon their center; the right of their center had also been driven back some distance, and their forces were thus massed in a very formidable position in a field not far from the Nashville pike. General McNair's and my brigades entered the field near the southwest corner (just above it). About 200 yards from the west side of the fence, immediately before us, was a cedar brake. Near the head of this brake it widened out, where the ground was very rocky. I had thought for some time the left of my command was obliquing too much, and so informed the division commander.

