
skirmishing with the pickets along the lines. They were prudent enough to keep at a respectable distance from our breastworks.

Captain Douglas' battery, belonging to my brigade, chief efficient service in the early part of the engagement. After we had driven the enemy from their guns, and had followed on in pursuit of them, a considerable body of the enemy moved in behind us from our right and formed. About sun-up, Captain Douglas was ordered to move up with his battery toward the enemy's line and join his brigade. He ordered the battery forward immediately; rode himself rapidly in advance to ascertain the position of the troops. After riding to the point where the enemy's first battery was captured, he found that we had captured the b[attery] and were rapidly pursuing. He returned to the battery, and put his horses to their best speed to assist in holding the advance position attained. When he arrived within 150 yards of the captured battery (his battery being at its best speed), he discovered a body of Federal infantry drawn up in line in front of the position occupied by the captured guns, and not far from his head team. He immediately halted the battery and gave the command, "Front into line." Discovering that the enemy did not know whether he was friend or foe, he gave the command, "Left oblique and action front," thus bringing his guns into position not bearing exactly on the enemy. During this time Captain Douglas says the enemy waved their flag at him. Seeing no time was to be lost, he ordered the gunners to commence firing with canister. The enemy fired about this time, wounding 1 man, killing 3 horses, and wounding 3 more. He soon threw a rapid and deadly fire into the enemy's ranks. They stood but a few discharges, when they retreated in considerable disorder. As this battery was separated from my brigade throughout the remainder of the day, I would respectfully refer you to his report, herewith inclosed, for a full and complete report of all its movements.

At 10 a.m. on the 3rd ultimo [instant] we left our breastworks, and moved near the Lebanon road, just above Murfreesborough.

The officer, non-commissioned officers, and privates, so far as I was able to judge, were at their post and did their duty to my entire satisfaction. They were at all times ready to obey my commands, and at no time during the day gave an inch of ground until they were ordered.

Colonel Burks was gallantly leading his regiment, which had followed him before through the fire and smoke of battle, when he received a fatal wound. He left that it was mortal. He pressed his hand to it to conceal it, and when within 20 yards of their battery I heard him distinctly say, "Charge them, my boys; charge them." He kept up until, from faintness, he found he could go no farther. A better friend, a warmer heart, a more gallant leader than he was never drew the breath of life. He was idolized by his regiment, and highly esteemed by all who knew him well. He perished in the pride of his life, in the "thunders of a great battle." He went down with his armor on in defense of his country.

The Tenth Texas Regiment captured three stand of colors.

Colonel Andrews and Major [W. E.] Estes, of the Fifteenth Texas Regiment; Colonel Locke, Major [W. D. L. F.] Craig (acting

lieutenant-colonel), and Captain [H. D. E.] Redwine (acting major), of the Tenth Texas Regiment, and Lieutenant-Colonel Bounds, of the Eleventh Texas Regiment, together with their entire staffs, acted most gallantly.

The conduct of the different company officers was all that I could have desired.

Captain Kilgore, my assistant adjutant-general, and Major Spencer were conspicuous throughout the day. They were always among the

59 R R-VOL XX, PT I

