
foremost in the charge, leading, directing, encouraging the men, and ready to execute with promptness every order they received. I would especially recommend them for promotion for gallant conduct on the battle-field. They deserve a higher position than they now occupy.

I would speak in the like high terms of the conduct on the

battle-field of Capt. R. Todhunter, a volunteer aide. He was slightly wounded in the first of them action, but remained upon the field. I would also specially recommend him for promotion.

Capt. W. H. Smith, acting inspector-general, and Aide-de-camp H. M. Lane rendered me very efficient service. Lieutenant Lane was also slightly wounded.

MajorWiley B. Ector, brigade quartermaster, besides discharging his other duties, kept us supplied with cooked rations, and, with a detail, went over the battle-field and collected and buried the dead of the brigade.

Dr. L. J. Graham, the brigade surgeon, was always efficient in caring for, removing, and providing for the wounded. In fact, so far as I have been able to ascertain all the surgeon deserve credit for the manner in which they discharged their several duties.

I lost 38 killed and 308 wounded in the battle.

In conclusion, I would say that the private soldier of the brigade have endeared themselves to me by the manner in which they performed the duties and endured the perils they were subjected to during the trying ordeal through which they have just passed.

Respectfully submitted.

M. D. ECTOR,

Brigadier-General, Comdg. Firs Brig., McCown's Division.

MajorH. S. BRADFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 284. Report of Col. M. F. Locke, C. S. Army, Tenth Texas Cavalry (dismounted).

CAMP NEAR SHELBYVILLE, TENN., January 10, 1863.

DEAR GENERAL: In compliance with your order (No.-) of the 9th instant, I have the honor to submit the following report, showing the operations of the Tenth Regiment Texas Cavalry in the late battles in front of Murfreesborough:

On Tuesday evening, January [December] 30, [1862], while our battery and that of the enemy were firing directly across the right wing of my regiment, a ball from a rifle cannon of the enemy struck the cedar-rail barricade in front of the command, and timber from the fence bruised four of the privates and slightly wounded Lieut. J. B. Griffin, of Company C, who was severely [wounded] the following day. Seeing that the situation of the Tenth Regiment was more exposed than that of any other in the brigade on the evening, owing to the facts that a gap of several hundred yards intervened between the right wing (this regiment being on the right of the brigade) and the next command, to wit, General Smith's brigade, on our right, and that powerful efforts were being made by the enemy on that evening to gain a direct range of the line of the Texas Brigade with their artillery, and later in the day the enemy

