
in the conflict on December 31, 1862, has not been surpassed upon this continent.

The loss sustained by this command will foot up as follows, to wit: The number of comm[issioned officers] engaged was 20, and of that number 11 were killed, wounded, or left in the enemy's lines. The total number in battle was about 350 men. Of that number 117 were either left in the enemy's lines, killed, or wounded.

As stated, we captured, it is confidently believed, three stand of the enemy's colors and at least six pieces of brass cannon.*

In conclusion, I wish not by the mention of names to make distinction between men where all acted so nobly, but it is with peculiar pride I state the fact that all of my men knew their rights and dared to defend them, reckless of hazard or consequence.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

M. F. LOCKE,

Colonel, Commanding Tenth Regiment Texas Cavalry.

Brig. Gen. M. D. ECTOR,

Comdg. First Brigade, McCown's Division, Army of Tennessee.

No. 285. Report of Lieut. Col. J. M. Bounds, Eleventh Texas Cavalry (dismounted).

SHELBYVILLE, TENN., January 10, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, No.-, I would respectfully report that our regiment was called into line of battle before Murfreesborough, Tenn., on the evening of December 29, 1862, and took a position within 500 yards of the enemy's line, and established temporary breastworks out of fence rails, where they remained under range of the enemy's guns (and heavy shelling at intervals) until 7 a.m. of the 31st, at which time we were ordered to move forward the enemy; and the regiment responded promptly, under command of our late gallant colonel, John C. Burks, and charged the enemy's lines, and repulsing them, taking (or running over) three of their batteries, killing and wounding many, routing and putting to flight their reserve, and pursuing them about 3 miles, and making great havoc on their lines, and was then called off (there being no formidable enemy in our front) and marched back in column, inclining to the left, until it was discovered that the enemy had a strong position on the Nashville pike, to our left, and we were ordered to halt and form in line of battle, preparatory to a charge, which was done, and the charge made with gallantry and heroism. But owing to the fatigued condition of the men, and obstructions from the rough conformation of the ground we had to pass over, our line was thrown into confusion and ordered to fall back, which was done in moderate, fair order, and we were ordered to a position on our right, which we took and held until 1 a.m. of January 3, when we were ordered back to Murfreesborough.

In the early part of the first engagement I regret to have to say that our gallant colonel was mortally wounded, though at this post leading his men on the a glorious victory, and the officers and men that were under my immediate command on that day and during the siege acted promptly and gallantly.

---------------

*The colors of the Thirty-fourth Illinois were captured by this regiment.

---------------

