
Our loss was serious, viz, 8 killed, 2 mortally wounded, 35 severely wounded, 49 slightly wounded, 2 captured, and 15 missing.

All of which is respectfully reported.

Respectfully, yours,&amp;c.,

J. M. BOUNDS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eleventh Texas Cavalry.

Brigadier-General [M. D.] ECTOR.

No. 286. Report of Col. J. L. Camp, Fourteenth Texas Cavalry (dismounted).

CAMP NEAR SHELBYVILLE, TENN., January 10, 1863.

In obedience to Special Orders, No.-, the following report of the battle of Murfreesborough is respectfully submitted:

On Tuesday, the 30th ultimo, our position were assigned us in line of battle, subject to the fire of the enemy's batteries, the one directly in front at a distance of some 600 yards; the other on our right, but in range at a little greater distance. The batteries opened us in the evening and continued for some half hour a heavy fire, but without injury to my command.

On the morning of the 31st, orders were transmitted to me indicating a forward movement upon our part. Having hastily prepared to execute the order, the final order "forward" was given at about 6 a.m. The march was made in quick time, until the enemy's line appeared, and their batteries in full view, when the command "charge" was given, and faithfully, nobly, and gallantly executed, upon the part of both men and officers, putting to fight the enemy and capturing the battery, horses, &c., immediately in front of my regiment. My command suffered greatly in this first charge, some of whom were killed, other wounded, among whom was my sergeant-major (Johnson), who fell among the foremost in the charge.

The enemy from thence retreated, and attempted to reform at a distance of some 200 or 300 yards, but the charge first ordered was not in the least checked, and they were again repulsed, with but little loss upon our part. Then ensued a running fight for some distance, until the enemy were driven out of sight before us. We continued our march in quick time in the direction indicated, and, coming in sight of the enemy in large force formed behind some woods, skirmishers were immediately thrown out. My regiment, by exhaustion, wounded, and, killed, had been reduced to about 120 men. Soon the skirmishers began a brisk fire, and the order "charge" was given, and my regiment, in connection with the regiment on my left, advanced into the woods under the most fearful fire of infantry, which they repulsed, and continued the charge until they advanced in range of the cross-fires of three of the enemy's batteries, planted at a distance of some 300 or 40 yards from us. In this precarious condition we kept the enemy - so vastly superior in numbers, and aided, as they were, by artillery - in check, repulsing one charge upon us, and kept up a continued fire until ordered to fall back, which order was executed, and we formed at a distance of half a mile. At this juncture men were never more exposed and suffered less. Each man acted well his part; each commanding officer of companies, as well as field, was at his post cheering his men, and each private conducting himself with such heroism as to inspire all around with courage.

