
Too much cannot be said in commendation of men who suffered with heroic patience the galling fire of the enemy in this last charge, when their only help visible was the small regiment on my left, reduced in like proportion to my own, in the face of an enemy ten times their number, supported as they were, with the large batteries.

For a report* of the killed and wounded, I refer you to report previously made.

J. L. CAMP,

Colonel, Commanding Fourteenth Texas Cavalry Regiment.

General [M. D.] ECTOR,

Commanding First Brigade.

No. 287. Report of Col. Julius A. Anderson, Fifteenth Texas Cavalry (dismounted).

NEAR SHELBYVILLE, TENN., January 10, 1863.

SIR: I claim your indulgence in submitting the following report of operations of the Fifteenth Texas Regiment (dismounted cavalry) during the recent engagement before Murfreesborough, Tenn., commencing on December 29, 1862, your brigade, in connection with the balance of Major General J. P. McCown's division, having been moved from Readyville, Tenn., to the left wing of General Bragg's army on Monday, December 29, instant [ultimo]:

On my arrival on line of battle, I deployed my regiment, as directed by yourself, as skirmishers, covering the entire front of the brigade. My regiment numbered at the time 313 men, rank and file. The enemy failing to advance on our line of battle on Monday, the 29th instant [ultimo], the Fifteenth Regiment remained inactive the day. My men were rallied after being relieved by a picket guard under command of Col. John C. Burks, of Eleventh Texas, at 8 p.m., at which time I resumed my position in line on the extreme left of the brigade, where I remained until ordered to advance with the brigade on Wednesday morning. However, a portion of the day on Tuesday, 30th instant [ultimo], we were under fire of artillery, which resulted in no damage to my command, as we were sheltered by a rail fence. The firing ceased about sundown; the night passed quietly; the weather rather inclement.

On Wednesday morning at 4 o'clock my regiment was awakened and ordered to be in line of battle at 5 o'clock, which order was promptly obeyed. We remained in line until 6.30 o'clock, at which time we were ordered to move forward. The enemy, having advanced the evening before within 600 yards of our line, stationed their batteries opposite the right and center of the brigade. I advanced about 200 yards with my regiment in line of battle with the brigade, at which point the command "charge" was given. My regiment charged about 100 yards, which brought them in charge of the enemy. We then opened fire on them, still continuing the charge, routing and driving the enemy before us for about 3 miles, killing and wounding and capturing number of them, after which time we were halted for rest and ammunition for about fifteen minutes. We were then ordered to advance, which we did (inclining to the right on the march), crossing the pike (the name of which I do not know), passing through woods and field until we had advanced 1 1/4 miles

---------------

*Embodied in No. 191, p.681.

---------------

