
effects of their guns proved to be of no avail. The firing ceased about dark. Our pickets were stationed about 150 yards in front of the breastworks, frequently exchanging shots with the pickets of the enemy; with this exception, the night passed off quietly.

It was now January 2. We still held our position during the day, unmolested, until, about 7 p.m., the enemy renewed their fires, shelling the woods for about half an hour, but all to no effect. We still held our position until about 1 a.m., at which time we retired our position, also the line of battle.

It was now January 3; the operations of my regiment in the battle before Murfreesborough ceased. It is with regret that I announce the casualties of my regiment to be as follows,viz: 5 killed, 32 wounded, and 5 missing.

With due deference to the Fifteenth Texas Regiment, I will take the liberty of stating that every officer, non-commissioned officer, and private behaved himself while in the recent engagement with honor to himself and country, as I never saw one of them falter. They were all the their post of duty, ready and willing to obey any command that might be given them, and never giving one inch of ground to the enemy until they were ordered. I therefore claim for them the name of being true and brave Confederate soldiers. I will here take pleasure in stating that MajorW.[E.] Estes, of my regiment, was always at his post in the discharge of the duties of his position with honor and credit to himself and regiment,at the same time winning for himself the name of a true and brave soldier. Adjt. George M. Lindsay conducted himself during the engagement with much calmness, which has accomplished [commanded] the admiration of his brother officers and soldiers. Also Sergt. MajorLuther A. Williams, who was always in the front rank sharing the fate of battle. The action of the different officers of my command would not permit of any distinction, for I feel assured and am proud to say that all of them discharged their duties in a manner becoming them as officers.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JULIUS A. ANDREWS,

Colonel, Comdg. Fifteenth* Texas Regt. Dismounted Cav.

Brig. Gen. M. D. ECTOR,

Comdg. First Brigades, Second Division, Army of Tennessee.

No. 288. Report of Capt. James P. Douglas, Texas Battery.

ARTILLERY CAMP, Near Shelbyville, Tenn., January 9, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to special orders from brigade headquarters, it becomes my duty to make a report of the operations of my battery in the recent battles before Murfreesborough. I therefore submit the following:

On the morning of December 31,[1862,] I received orders through Capt. George M. Mathes, chief of artillery of McCown's division, to move to a position in rear of the division,which I accordingly did. Subsequently, about sun-up, I was ordered to advance toward the enemy's lines, and as soon as practicable join my brigade. I ordered the battery forward immediately and rode rapidly in advance to ascertain the position

---------------

*This regiment appears subsequently on Texas register as the Thirty-second Texas Cavalry.

---------------

