
of the troops. After riding to the point where the enemy's first battery was captured, I found that the brigade had driven the enemy, and was advancing rapidly. I returned to the battery and put my horses to their best speed, to assist in holding the advanced position obtained. When I arrived within 150 yards of the captured battery (my battery being at its best speed), I discovered a large body of Federal infantry drawn up in line front of the position occupied by the captured guns, and about 125 yards from my lead team. I immediately halted the battery and gave the command, "Front into line." While this was [being] executed, I discovered that the enemy did not know whether I was friend or foe. I therefore gave the command, "Left oblique and action front," thus bringing my guns into position not bearing exactly on the enemy. During this time the enemy had unfolded and waved conspicuously the Stars and Stripes. As no time wa to be lost, I ordered the gunners to commence firing with canister. The enemy, doubtless hearing my command, opened a brisk fire, wounding 1 man and killing 3 horses and wounding 3. The cannoneers under the circumstances acted with great coolness, and in a moment a rapid and deadly fire into the enemy's ranks. They stood but a few discharges, when they retreated in considerable disorder.

In these rapid movements some of my horses had become entangled and broken their harness, and one of my caissons in running over a log had broken the pintle-pin. Some time was consumed in righting these things, during which time I was ordered to employ a portion of my horses in conveying the captured guns to the rear.

By this time General Hardee arrived and ordered me to take a position 600 yards in rear of where the infantry was engaged, which I accordingly did, remaining there until our lines had advanced considerably, when I moved forward in obedience to orders and took another position. While the battery remained in this position, I rode forward to the division and reported the position to General McCown. He ordered me to bring the battery forward to the Nolensville pike. I advanced to that point and took position on the extreme left, where I remained during the rest of the day. I remained bivouacked near this position during the night,and also on January 1 and 2, and until General McCown's division was ordered to the Lebanon pike.

During the protracted engagement every member of my command showed a willingness to do his duty. Lieutenants [J. H.] Bingham, [Benjamin] Hardin, and [M. L.] Fleishl, in command of their respective sections, were brave and efficient in the discharge of their duties.

Respectfully submitted.

JAMES P. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Capt. C. B. KILGORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 289. Report of Col. Robert B. Vance, Twenty-ninth North Carolina Infantry, commanding regiment and Second Brigade.

---- --, [1863.]

[The following is a] report [of the operations of the]

Twenty-ninth North Carolina Regiment in [the] fight near Murfreesborough, December 31, 1862:

On the morning of December 31, the regiment, under my command,

