
Second Lieut. W. J. McKenzie, on the 29th, was ordered by the chief of artillery of General Bragg's staff to report with two pieces to General Buford, on the Salem road. He was engaged on the extreme left on the 31st at 3 p.m. He was in action about two hours and

co-operated with General Wheeler's cavalry.

The men, during the engagement, acted well. I expended 213 rounds of ammunition.

My casualties are 1 corporal and 1 private wounded* and 1 horse killed.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. McDUFFIE,

First Lieutenant Eufaula Light Artillery.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, SECOND BRIGADE.

No. 294. Report of Brig. Gen. E. McNair, C. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, In Camp near Shelbyville, Tenn., January 10, 1863.

SIR: Through you I have the honor to make the following report to the major-general commanding the division, of the action of my brigade in the late battle before Murfreesborough, on December 31, 1862:

In obedience to orders received from division headquarters at 7 p.m. on December 30, 1862, I formed my brigade in line of battle on the ground designated at that time.

At 6 a.m. on December 31, I moved forward about 150 yards, and joined Brigadier-General Ector's brigade on the right. We then moved forward together to meet the enemy, who was in force immediately in front us. We had advanced but a short distance before the enemy's pickets and sharpshooters opened fire upon us. At this point I cautioned my brigade to reserve their fire and push forward. I had advanced but a short distance when the fire became general along the line, indicating that we were near the enemy in position; and at that moment he opened upon us with a six-gun battery a most terrific fire of shell and grape shot. I then ordered a charge, which was responded to with alacrity and good will. It was but a moment until his battery was ours, his long line of infantry routed and dispersed, and the strong position which he held in security but a moment before covered with his dead and wounded. My command continued to pursue the enemy for

three-quarters of a mile, pouring a destructive fire into his broken and scattered ranks, strewing the ground with his killed and wounded. At this point, discovering that the support on my right had not come up as expected by me, and the enemy having thrown a heavy force partly in my rear, their sharpshooters having already commenced to fire upon my wounded men, I halted my brigade and moved them to the rear by the flank, for the purpose of protecting my wounded men. After having moved but a short distance, I discovered Brigadier-General Liddell advancing with his brigade on my right, thus obviating my further movement on my part in the direction in which I was then moving. I then

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

