
immediately wheeled my brigade, thus changing my front and joining Brigadier-General Liddell on his left. Again I ordered a forward movements, pushing the enemy back upon his center in a direction due north from that point. Here a heavy skirmish commenced with fresh forces of the enemy, supposed to be about one division; they were driven from every position for the distance of half a mile. Here they took position, protecting themselves behind a rail fence to the right-oblique of my line of battle. The enemy had already engaged General Liddell's brigade, on my right, holding in check and pouring a destructive fire into their ranks. Discovering his critical position, I immediately ordered a forward movement, and had to advance across an open field a distance of about 400 yards. Again I directed my brigade to reserve their fire, which was done, until we had advanced within about 300 yards. Though the enemy poured a heavy fire upon my line from behind their cover, yet not a man faltered, but pushed forward with the stern determination of veterans. Here I ordered a charge, and, as before, officers and men seemed to vie with each other in performing acts of gallantry, and one simultaneous shout rent the air. The enemy, made bold by his front being protected by the fence, held his position with more tenacity than usual; but the terrific fire poured upon his ranks, and the velocity with which my men charged, drove him from his position in confusion, thus relieving Brigadier-General Liddell's brigade, which was already faltering under the heavy fire of the enemy, thus for the second time driving the foe from choice and strong position. This was perhaps the hardest contested engagement of the day. Here my loss in killed and wounded was heavy, though small compared with that of the enemy.

Without halting, I pursued the enemy through an open field, pouring a deadly fire into their disordered ranks for half or

three-quarters of a mile, until I arrived at another fence in front of a dense forest. Fearing an ambuscade, and at the same time finding the men were out of ammunition, I ordered a halt and rested the men in rear of a fence, at the same time ordering up the ammunition train, which arrived in due time, and proceeded to replenish the cartridge-boxes.

At this place, general, as you are aware, having become exhausted (my health having been bad for several days previous), I was unable to remain longer upon the field, and placed Col. R. W. Harper, of the First Arkansas Mounted Riflemen (dismounted), in command of the brigade, and most respectfully refer you to his report for the further action of the brigade upon that day.

In regard to the casualties of the brigade - as already reported, killed 42, mortally wounded 6; killed, wounded, and missing 427-I am happy to report that a very large proportion of the wounds are slight, and most of the men will report for duty very soon.

And here, general, I beg leave to call your attention to the surgeons of my brigade. Surg. W. L. Gammage, with the limited means at his disposal, did all that could be done to relieve the sufferings of the wounded men. The regimental surgeons, with their assistant, proved themselves worthy of the high and responsible positions they occupy. By their united efforts, with the assistance of the infirmary corps, not one wounded man was left uncared for during the night.

As you are aware, general, we turned the right wing of the Federal army, driving them 4 miles or more, taking one brigadier-general (Willich) prisoner, a large number of officers of the line, and private innumerable, capturing fourteen pieces of artillery, caissons, and ordnance

60 R R-VOL XX, PT I

