
stores, also a great quantity of small-arms and camp equipage; all of which, I presume, was collected by the proper persons.

For the action of Captain Humphreys' battery I beg leave to refer you to his own report, as he was detached from the brigade during the day, and consequently did not came under my observation; but I feel assured that the gallant Captain Humphreys and his company were not found wanting on this occasion.

I most respectfully ask leave to call your attention to the officers composing my staff: Capts. R. E. Foote (assistant

adjutant-general) and W. C. Carrington (aide-de-camp), always at their posts, rendered me valuable assistance during the day.

Mr. James Stone, my volunteer aide, has placed me under lasting obligations for his active assistance.

To Major [S. H.] Mulherrin, acting commissary of subsistence, much credit is due for his continual attention to his department, which administered so much to the comfort of the men.

MajorW. H. Eltsner, assistant quartermaster, was at his post as usual,keeping the train in proper order.

My little orderly (volunteer King) and his white pony were present, doing all that he could to complete the victory.

Though contrary to my usual custom, I beg leave to call your attention to the field officers of my brigade. It has been my fortune to be present at many a hard-fought battle, but never have I witnessed such deeds of moral courage and gallant daring as were displayed by the field and company officers of the line during the entire day. I forbear to mention names, for each seemed to vie with the other in deeds of gallantry, but one I must mention. That one is MajorL. M. Ramsaur, First Arkansas Mounted Rifles. He was severely wounded in the last charge made upon the enemy's stronghold. To him much is due for the gallant charges of the day.

To officers and men I am indebted for the success of my command. Our country and the glorious we are engaged in can never suffer while defended by such gallant spirits.

To the friends of the dead it is enough for them to know that they baptized their country with blood and gave their bodies a willing sacrifice upon the altar of liberty. Their gallant spirits have taken their flight to that land where the clash of arms and the shock of battle are unknown.

I am, major, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. McNAIR,

Brigadier-General, Comdg. Third Brigade, McCown's Division.

MajorH. S. BRADFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 295. Reports of Col. Robert W. Harper, First Arkansas Mounted Rifles, commanding regiment and Third Brigade.

JANUARY 10, 1863.

SIR: Brig. Gen. E. McNair being compelled to leave the field on account of severe indisposition, the command devolved upon me, and, as soon as our cartridge-boxes were replenished, I moved forward in conjunction with Brigadier-General Ector, commanding Texas Brigade. I was ordered to swing around my left, making the right a pivot, which

