
across an open field some 700 or 800 [yards] wide. "Forward" again was the order, and forward moved our unwavering lines, and in the face of heavy volley's that were poured in upon us from the opposite fence, and the raking fire of grape and canister from two sections of a battery posted in the field, we charged and took two pieces of artillery. It was here that Capt. W. P. Campbell, acting major, was severely wounded in the leg, while gallantly his wing to the charge, and was compelled to leave the field. Here we were halted for a new supply of ammunition, having exhausted all but 3 or 4 rounds out of 40 to the man, which is the evidence of the severity of the contest.

It was now 9.15 a.m. We had charged and driven the enemy with impetuosity for three and a quarter hours over not less than 3 1/2 miles of ground, captured and killed many field officers and officers of the line, and privates without number, taken several pieces of artillery, while vast amounts of camp equipage and

small-arms,&amp;c., were left in our rear, which our patriotic soldierly passed by unheeded.

A few moments served to replenish our ammunition, and we again moved forward 1 mile or more, when skirmishers were ordered to be thrown forward to a cedar broken from which we had been fired upon. Up to this time we had been advancing nearly due north, but, having made a half-wheel to the right, were moved nearly northeast. Here the extreme left of our division, being nearest the enemy's line, became first engaged; the order was given to charge the batteries strongly posted on an eminence beyond. Another thrill of excitement ran along the line, and another yell of stern defiance pealed forth as they moved rapidly to the new scene of slaughter. The enemy being strongly posted, his flank batteries en echelon, supported by three lines of infantry, the regiment after a most brilliant effort was compelled to fall back after nearly decimated. Here fell, most severely wounded, and I fear, mortally, MajorL. M. Ramsaur, acting lieutenant-colonel. He was gallantly leading the regiment in the charge, and had well nigh succeeded in driving the enemy from one of his batteries. We had now been under heavy fire almost continuously six and three-quarters hours; had driven the enemy from his extreme left to his center, and our jaded troops were reformed and allowed to rest under the crest of a hill for an hour or so, when we were again moved by the right flank half a mile and took position in a cedar brake, where we remained, in line, without any serious casualties until we were withdrawn.

My loss, in addition to the two field officers already named, is severe; but I am happy to add that the wounds are, for the most, slight and not likely to render them unfit for active duty hereafter. The whole loss in killed, and missing is 96, as already furnished in my official report, which I ask may be taken as a part of this.

Where all exerted themselves and gave such evidences of individual heroism, it is impossible for a commander to discriminate. I must, however, [mention] Color-bearer Cotten, who always moved with unfaltering step in the front rank.

Our surgeons are also entitled to be mentioned for the promptness with which our wounded were cared for; and I conclude by saying that, whatever fate betides the First Arkansas Rifles in future, their actions on this day have shed imperishable glory on them and their cause.

I have the honor to be, sir, your very obedient servant,

R. W. HARPER,

Colonel, Commanding First Arkansas Rifles.

Capt. R. E. FOOTE,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Third Brigade, McCown's Division.

