
I am indebted to MajorJ. T. Smith for his valuable assistance through the entire day.

I regret to report that Adjt. C. W. Woods was dangerously wounded in the first engagement in the morning, and I was thus deprived of his valuable services for the remainder of the day.

Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing is 119, as already exhibited in my official report, which I ask to be considered as a part of this report. I am happy to report that many of the wounds are slight.

I am indebted to my regimental surgeon for his untiring and efficient services in his attendance to the wounded.

Through the entire day the officers and men of my command deported themselves in a manner highly creditable to themselves and the noble cause the have espoused.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

J. A. WILLIAMSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Second Regt. Arkansas Riflemen.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL THIRD BRIG., SECOND DIV., SMITH'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE.

No. 297. Report of Col. H. G. Bunn, Fourth Arkansas Infantry.

CAMP NEAR SHELBYVILLE, TENN., January 15, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Fourth Arkansas Regiment in the battle of the 31st ultimo, before Murfreesborough:

I have already submitted a report of the casualties* in my regiment, and deem it necessary only to refer to the general of the day which came under my observation, and such as were connected with the movements of my regiment. In submitting my report, I beg leave to say that, connected as I am and have been with the brigade, this report must be considered as one of events altogether peculiar to the regiment under my command. Throughout the entire day I moved with the brigade, my regiment filling up an intermediate space in the same.

At 6 o'clock on the morning of December 31, [1862], in connection with the brigade, I moved my regiment forward to attack the enemy, in position 600 or 800 yards in our front. The general aspect of the ground over which we advanced was level corn-fields, with rail fences running at right angles and parallel to our lines. The enemy was in position in a dense thicket of cedar, the entrance to which was obstructed by a parallel fence, rendering his position one of great advantage. His sharpshooters fired upon us at long range, and continued to do so as we advanced. Arriving within a short distance of his lines, and his artillery having opened upon us with grape and canister shot, we were ordered to charge the enemy, and did so with dispatch and good order, routing and driving him confusedly from the field, then covered with his dead and wounded. He left his artillery in is flight. We pursued him near half a mile, but finding that we were far in advance of our main line, I was ordered to march back, reform, and prolong on the line to the left of

---------------

*Embodied in No. 191, p.681.

---------------

