
and Lieut. John Armstrong, Company D, bore the colors through the other engagements,but fell, mortally wounded, in the last. Lieutenant [G. D.] Goodner then took the colors, and soon after was himself wounded. Captain [John W.] Lavender bore the colors during the remainder of the day. I mention these names, not wishing to commend them above others, but to show how determined officers and men seemed to maintain the honor and integrity of their regiment.

To my field officers, Lieutenant-Colonel [James H.] May and Major [J. B.]McCulloch, I am indebted for their efficient aid.

To my only staff officers present (Sergeant-Major Johnson) I am indebted for the promptness and dispatch with which every order was executed.

I cannot give the names of all whose gallantry deserves notice. The captains and other officers of the line seemed to vie with one another in courage and gallantry. The men seemed to imbibe the spirit of their officers.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

H. G. BUNN,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Arkansas Regiment.

Capt. R. E. FOOTE,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Third Brigade, McCown's Division.

No. 298. Report of Capt. William A. Cotter, Thirtieth Arkansas Infantry.

CAMP NEAR SHELBYVILLE, TENN., January 10, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to General Orders, No. 7, I have the honor to make the following report as being the part taken by this regiment in the engagement before Murfreesborough on December 31, 1862:

We were ordered into line about 6 o'clock on the morning of the 31st ultimo. Our strength was found to be 9 captains, 17 lieutenants, and 240 privates. As soon as the brigade was formed we were ordered to move forward in the direction of where the enemy's battery had been actively operating the afternoon before. After moving forward about 400 yards at quick time, we camp up in full view of the enemy's line, and directly in front of one of their batteries. Here occasional firing along our [line] commenced and continued until we moved 50 yards farther, becoming more general as we advanced. This brought us within 100 yards of the battery, when the command "charge" was given, which command was enthusiastically responded to by the entire regiment, every one moving at a

double-quick until our hands were upon the captured guns. These we reached in advance of the brigade, inasmuch as we had the advantage in ground. The battery taken, we were now able to do most effective service, as the enemy were driven from the thicket on our right. We had an open fire upon them at close range; but while we were thus employed the enemy did not neglect to retaliate, for here we had the commanders of seven companies cut down (3 killed and 4 wounded) besides several lieutenants, the color-bearer, and many gallant privates. After pursuing the enemy for several hundred yards, the men being very much scattered, a halt was ordered and the brigade reformed.

About this time the enemy were seen advancing to our right upon one

