
of our batteries, and making some little demonstrations, as if they had an idea of charging it. We were immediately moved by the right flank sufficiently far to protect the battery, and then by the left flank in the direction of the enemy, who lay concealed in the corners of a cross-fence. Here again was the opportunity offered us for doing valuable service. As the brigade moved by the front, we were forced to cross the fence to the side on which the enemy lay watching our right wing. Here we fired on them at a distance not exceeding 40 yards before they discovered we had crossed the fence. Now was heard the second command, "Charge their battery," which command was as readily responded to as the first, and equally as successful in execution. We were called to a halt, and after forming in regular line moved forward several hundred yards farther, when another halt was ordered, for the purpose of recruiting our supply of ammunition. We were engaged at this when General McNair was forced to retire from the field, to the deep regret of us all. This being attended to, we moved on near a mile in the direction the enemy had retreated, when it was discovered that they had rallied and stood in line of battle in rear of a most powerful battery, which was planted upon a hill commanding the country for some distance on three sides, and which was also supported by two small batteries, holding a cross-fire upon any advance by the front. When we arrived within 500 yards of this battery, the third command to "charge that battery" was given. This, too, was responded to with a joyous shout and a rapid onward. All were fatigued, but all were willing, all were sanguine. But here we were disappointed, for it was here that we met with our first repulse. But it was unavoidable on the part of our brigade, for by the time we had advanced to within 300 yards of the center battery the enemy began to pour in grape at such a murderous rate that it appeared little less than suicide to advance farther. Still, some few, nothing daunted, determined to go on, and some did go to within 100 yards of the enemy's stronghold. Among the rest was our gallant flag-bearer, whose hand was shot off and he was compelled to abandon his colors. It was under that battery that we sacrificed some of our noblest spirits - first of all our gallant major, J. J. Franklin. Knowing a second attempt upon this stronghold of the enemy to be altogether impracticable, we fell back near 1,200 yards, where we rallied our scattered men and moved forward again about 800 yards. Here we were ordered to remain until nightfall.

There were a number who acted most gallantly, reflecting more than ordinary credit upon the command to which they belong and their country, yet, lest I do some injustice by overlooking them, I forbear personating any.

We pursued the enemy during the day about 4 miles; the country over which we passed generally open and slightly undulating.

WM. A. COTTER,

Commanding Thirtieth Arkansas.

[Captain] R. E. FOOTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 299. Report of MajorJ. A. Ross, Fourth Arkansas Battalion.

NEAR SHELBYVILLE, TENN., January 10, 1863.

I have the honor, through you, to make to the brigadier-general commanding Third Brigade the following report of the part taken by the

