
First Lieut. William H. Gore was acting as gunner when he was knocked down and wounded by a shell. He immediately rallied and called upon the men, wounded like himself, to rally to their work.

Lieut. Oliver P. Richardson, whose gallantry on the field of Richmond, Ky., attracted the attention of General Churchill, commanded his section with ability.

Lieut. Henry C. Riggin, after Lieutenant Gore was wounded, was instructed with the command of that officer's section, and rendered efficient service through the day.

All the above-named officers in this engagement behaved with a gallantry and displayed a devotion to cause and country which should entitle them to the favorable consideration of the commanding general.

First Sergt. William Shea was fearless and efficient. Ensign Cameron, when a part of the flag-staff was shot down, observed coolly that they were "shooting a little close."

Private Samuel M. Tucker had a sponge-staff shot out of his hand, and by the same force he was knocked over, but immediately returned to duty. Private Joseph W. Adams was wounded in the foot and had his pantaloons torn off by an exploding shell. Dennis Corcoran was severely wounded in the neck by splinters from a shell, and reluctantly was compelled to leave the field.

Duty Sergeants Thompson, Casey, Greer, Long, Brewer, and Burkett are all deserving of favorable mention for high courage and efficiency. In fact, to do ample and full justice I should have to mention every name on the company rolls. All were in trying positions, and suffice it to say that no men could have better while subjected to a terrific fire of shot and shell which tore down threes like the whirlwind and scattered them like the lighting.

Fortunately while horses and guns were destroyed the men were protected by the "Giver of all victories." It is to that power and the officers and men mentioned referred to that the success of this battery can be ascribed.

Very respectfully,

JOHN T. HUMPHREYS,

Captain Artillery.

General E. McNAIR,

Comdg. Third Brigade, McCown's Division, Army of Tennessee.

No. 301. Reports of Major General Joseph Wheeler, C. S. Army, Chief of Cavalry,

including skirmishers at and near La Vergne, December 26 and 30, and January 1; at Stewart's Creek Bridge, December 27; at Stewart's Creek, December 28; at Wilkinson's Cross-Roads, December 29; at Cox's (or Blood's) Hill, January 3; at Murfreesborough, January 4; on Manchester pike, January 5; at Mill Creek Bridge, January 8; near Nashville, January 12; and capture of transports, January 13, 14, and 17, and of constructions train at Antioch, January 25.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, Six miles from Murfreesborough, January 5, 1863-6 p.m.

GENERAL: I left Murfreesborough last night, about 9 o'clock p.m., having engaged the enemy between Murfreesborough and the river for about an hour before sunset. I left a picket in front of the town. We

