
About noon we arrived in the vicinity of La Vergne and formed it filled with soldiers and large trains parked in the fields surrounding the place. We immediately charged in three columns, completely surprising the guards, who made but slight resistance. We immediately paroled the prisoners, amounting to about 700, and destroyed immense trains and stores, amounting to many hundred thousands of dollars. We then proceeded to Rock Spring, attacked, captured, and destroyed another large train. We then marched on Nolensville without opposition, capturing large trains, stores, and arms, and about 300 prisoners. We slept for a few hours 5 miles from Nolensville, and at 2 o'clock the next morning proceeded to the left flank of our army, having made a complete circuit of the enemy's rear. On arriving the line was engaged. We pressed on and attacked enemy on the Murfreesborough and Nashville pike, just north of Overall's Creek. After a brisk engagement we moved across the creek and made an attack, on the enemy at that point, driving him for 2 miles and successfully engaging him until dark, when we fell back to the left of our line, where we remained during the night.

In this latter engagement Colonel Allen and Lieutenant-Colonel [James D.] Webb were wounded.

Early on the morning of January 1, I proceeded, pursuant to directions from General Bragg, with my own and General Wharton's brigade, to the rear of the enemy. We attacked a large train near La Vergne, dispersing his guards, and captured and destroyed a large number o wagons and stores. We also captured one piece of artillery. Toward evening we received orders to return, and we regained our position on the flanks of the army by 2 o'clock on the morning of the 2nd instant. We remained in position that night and next day, engaging the enemy at every opportunity.

At 9 o'clock that evening I proceeded again to the rear of the enemy, according to directions from General Bragg, and succeeded next morning in capturing a number of horses, wagons, and prisoners. About 2 p.m. we attacked a large ordnance train at Cox's Hill, heavily guarded by cavalry and infantry, and succeeded in driving off the cavalry guards and in breaking down and upsetting a large number of wagons. The enemy's infantry being in such force (quite treble our numbers), we were prevented from destroying the train, but succeeded in preventing its making any further progress that day. By this time we received orders to immediately return to the army, which order was obeyed, we reaching our former position on the left flank of our army about 4 o'clock next morning. We here learned that the army had fallen back, and about 9 o'clock that morning we crossed Stone's River and took position in front of Murfreesborough.

About 3 p.m. the enemy advanced to the river and commenced a brisk skirmish with artillery and infantry. After dark the enemy retired a short distance, and our pieces in front of Murfreesborough were unmolested during the night.

At daylight on Monday, the 4th [5th] instant, we fell back to a point on the Manchester pike about 3 miles from Murfreesborough. About 1 o'clock the enemy advanced, and after a short skirmish we fell back half a mile a favorable position. Here we formed line of battle in conjunction with General Pegram's brigade, in a very favorable position, behind fences, entirely obscured from view. About 3 o'clock the enemy advanced with a brigade of infantry and artillery in line of battle, with heavy force of cavalry on their flanks. When they arrived within about 250 yards, we opened on them a heavy fire of small-arms and artillery with excellent effect, killing and wounding large numbers. After an

