
engagement of about thirty minutes they turned off and left the field, and have not since advanced any farther from Murfreesborough on this road.

During the many engagement incident to the battle of Murfreesborough, I take pleasure in commending the gallantry and good soldierly conduct of colonel Allen, Captain [V. M.] Elmore, and Lieutenant [Edwards S.] Ledyard, of the First Alabama, and Major [C. J.] Prentice and Captain [Richard] McCann, who commanded detachments. Colonel Allen and Major Prentice were severely wounded while fighting gallantly.

Lieutenants [E. S.] Burford and [William E.] Wailes, of my staff, were at all times distinguished for gallantry, zeal, and efficiency, and were both wounded.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General and Chief of Cavalry.

Col. GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, DEPARTMENT NO.2, January 29, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that the cavalry of

Lieutenant-General Hardee's corps, under my command, engaged as they advanced upon the Nashville and Murfreesborough pike, and on the adjoining approaches, from the morning of the 26th ultimo to the evening of the 29th. At midnight on the night of the 29th ultimo I proceeded with the command across the West Fork of Stone's River, by way of the Lebanon road, hence by a circuitous route to Jefferson, where, at about 9 a.m. on the 30th, we attacked, captured, and destroyed and entire brigade train. We then proceeded toward La Vergne, capturing a party sent our after horses and mules, and also a foraging party. We attacked La Vergne about 1 p.m., capturing about 500 prisoners, 200 stand of arms, and the reserve wagon trains of the enemy; the wagons were destroyed. We then proceeded to Rock Spring, capturing a brigade train, which we destroyed, with its equipage. We then proceeded to Nolensville, capturing a train and about 200 prisoners and 200 stand of arms.

We then made a circuit around Triune, and the next morning attacked the enemy, stationed on the Nashville and Murfreesborough pike north of Overall's Creek. We then moved down toward Murfreesborough and again attacked them south of Overall's Creek, driving the enemy for a distance of 2 miles from the Wilkinson pike to the Nashville pike, engaging their infantry and cavalry until dark. We then withdrew to our position on the left of our wing. At daylight we proceeded again to La Vergne, in the enemy's rear, attacked a large train, burned several wagons, and captured many prisoners. We then received orders to return to the army we arrived at about 2 o'clock the next morning, and placed our pickets out to the front. We remained in this position until dark, when we moved again to Antioch, capturing a few wagons, and at about 3 p.m. attacked a large train on Cox's Hill. After capturing the train, and injuring some of the wagons, four regiments of infantry attacked us, and we were obliged to retire. I then received orders to return, and arrived at my old stand, on the left of our wing, at about 4 o'clock on Sunday morning, January 3 [4]. As our army had retired, I moved over the river and remained in Murfreesborough that

