
day. Toward evening I skirmished with the enemy and withdrew my pickets 3 miles at daylight the next morning.

At 3 p.m. Monday, the enemy advanced and engaged us warmly. The enemy did not advance any farther.

On January 8, I moved over to the Cumberland, and a detachment, under Captain [Richard] McCann, destroyed the railroad bridge over Mill Creek and a construction train.

On the 12th we drove in a large foraging party of Nashville, and on the 13th and 14th we captured a gunboat and four transports. We also destroyed a large amount of stores at Ashland, which the enemy had left under guard, but the guard ran off as we approached. Many other transports threw off a great part of their cargo to avoid capture.

On the 25th, we captured a constructions train near Antioch.

A detachment, under Major [D. W.] Holman, captured another transport on the 17th.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General.

Col. T. B. ROY, Chief of Staff.

No. 302. Report of Capt. T. H. Mauldin, Third Alabama Cavalry, Wheeler's brigade,

including skirmishers December 26-January 5.

FOSTERVILLE, TENN., February 19, 1863.

COLONEL: The Third Alabama Cavalry was engaged in skirmishing with the enemy on December 26,27,28, and 29, 1862, from La Vergne to Murfreesborough, Tenn.

On the 30th, was present at a skirmish near Jefferson, La Vergne, and Lonensville.

On the 31st, was in a charge made by the cavalry upon the right of the Federal army, where it was subjected to a heavy fire of

small-arms from infantry and cavalry, losing, however, but 1 man killed and 2 lieutenants and 2 men wounded and left on the field.

On January 1 and 2, the regiment was in front of the enemy upon the extreme left of the Confederate army without any fighting.

On the night of the 2nd, it marched to the rear of the Federal army, and on the 3rd was engaged in an attack upon one of the enemy's wagon trains, upon the Nashville Murfreesborough turnpike, and returned to the field of battle near Murfreesborough about an hour before day the morning of the 4th.

During the day of the 43th, this regiment moved through Murfreesborough, and bivouacked at night about 2 miles from town, on the Manchester turnpike.

On the 5th, was engaged in a fight with some of the Federal infantry 6 miles from Murfreesborough, on the Manchester pike.

This ended the series of battles and skirmishers from December 25, 1862, to January 5, 1863 in which the regiment was engaged.

During this time the regiments lost, in killed, wounded, and missing, 25, including 3 lieutenants wounded.

61 R R-VOL XX, PT I

