
I would respectfully report that on the memorable field of Murfreesborough, Sergt. MajorH. M. Cooper and Sergt. J. W. Norwood, of Company A, are worthy of promotion for their gallantry in rallying the regiment and assisting in bringing it out in order from under a galling fire from the enemy's infantry and cavalry combined on December 31, 1862.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. H. MAULDIN,

Captain, Commanding Third Alabama Cavalry.

Col. W. B. WADE,

Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

No. 303. Report of Lieut. Col. J. D. Webb, Fifty-first Alabama Partisan Rangers

including skirmishes December 26-January 5.

OLD FOSTERVILLE, TENN., January 23, 1863.

In obedience to General Orders, No. 6, in the absence of Col. John T. Morgan, Fifty-first Alabama Regiment, Partisan Rangers, who was in command on the occasion of which report is to be made, I beg leave to submit the following:

On Friday evening, December 26 [ultimo], the regiment left their camp on Stewart's Creek, on the Murfreesborough and Nashville turnpike, and promptly reported to the general commanding at La Vergne, which is a distance of 5 miles from the camp. They were ordered to the right of the railroad adn to the front of La Vergne. The command was dismounted to fight, and soon became engaged along the line with the sharpshooters and skirmishers of the enemy's infantry, as also their advanced guard, on the left of their line. This was kept up steadily on both sides until the orders was given to fall back, to take a position nearer the turnpike, and to be in supporting distance of the artillery. The order was executed in good order. They then formed a line of battle, the right resting on the turnpike and extending near to the railroad. The enemy did not pursue. Night came on, and the regiment remained in line of battle until 10 o'clock. They were ordered to return to camp.

In this skirmish we lost 1 private of Company C, supposed to be captured and not killed; 1 private from Company D, known to be captured.

At early dawn on Saturday, the 27th, was ordered to the front. They were again ordered to take position in advance of the ground on which they were formed the evening before. Soon after reaching the position we were again engaged with the enemy's left, advancing in line of battle under cover of his artillery, throwing and shell. We continued the engagement until our artillery was forced to retire on the pike, when we fell back slowly to the right of and along the Jefferson pike, in the direction of the town of Jefferson. Heavy rain commenced to fall and continued for several hours. When the command had reached the Jefferson pike, and near the residence of Mr. York, Captain [N. D.] Johnson, of Company F, with his company, was ordered to go in the direction of Buchanan's Mill on a scout; and Lieutenant [J. J.] Seawell, in command of Company I, with his company, was ordered, too, as a scouting party in the direction of La Vergne, neither of whom joined the regiment again that day. In a few minutes after each of these companies

