
left, in obedience to orders, a large force of cavalry, accompanied by artillery and infantry, advanced on the Jefferson pike, and commenced a heavy and brisk firing upon us as we were crossing Stewart's [Creek], where the Jefferson pike crosses that stream. Their fire was returned with vigor, and their advance checked until their artillery and infantry came up. Being heavily pressed by greatly superior numbers, and opened upon by their artillery with grape, canister, and shell vigorously, we retired in good order on the pike in the direction of Jefferson.

While the enemy were pressing our rear, after crossing Stewart's Creek, in this engagement, the conduct of Capt. M. L. Kirpatrick, Company H; Capt. L. W. Battle, Company B; Lieut. William [M.] Fitt, Company G, deserves especial mention in rallying their men and leading them in a charge on the enemy's cavalry.

Justice requires that the name of James W. Copiley, of Company I (who was then and is now acting ordnance sergeant for this regiment), should be mentioned for his gallantry and daring at the head of the column in this charge.

The gallant and brave Lieut. William [M.] Fitt, Company G, was killed; Private Holey, of Company G, and Private Urley, of Company K, were killed; Lieutenant [John O.] Zeigler, of Company B, and 2 privates of Company G, were wounded. Lieutenant [J. J.] Seawell, with 12 of his company, were captured. We are informed by those of his command who made their escape that they are almost certain that he with those of his men who were captured, were wounded. They saw several of their horses fall.

The coolness and bravery of Orderly Sergt. H. Clay Reynolds, of Company I, distinguished him while he brought off several of his company under a heavy fire in crossing Stewart's Creek, [and] rejoined his command. His conduct commends him for special mention. The regiment bivouacked that night on Stone's River without rations.

On the morning of the 28th, we formed line of battle to the right of the Nashville turnpike, 8 miles from Murfreesborough, and opposite to a church on the pike. We occupied the position until nightfall, and, with the exception of slight skirmishing with the enemy's pickets, were not engaged. We bivouacked for the night opposite to Miller's, near the pike.

On the morning of the 29th, we advanced on the pike and again formed line of battle on the ground of the day before, and remained until we were ordered to fall back to the left and along the turnpike in the direction of Murfreesborough, skirmishing with the enemy's advance forces from that point until we entered our infantry lines, drawn up in front of Murfreesborough in line of battle, which was late in the afternoon of that day, being the whole distance under the fire of the enemy, both artillery and

small-arms.

After reaching our infantry lines we were ordered to form a line o battle, our left extending toward and within a short distance of the Lebanon turnpike, about 2 miles from Murfreesborough. We remained there until 12 o'clock night. We then took up the march and proceeded down that pike, crossing Stone's River, until we reached the Jefferson pike, and proceeded on that pike in the direction of Jefferson until daylight; then, turning to the right, continued the march until we encountered the enemy on Tuesday morning. This regiment remained to support the artillery, and were not actively engaged with the enemy at this point.

At 2 o'clock on that day the regiment charged at La Vergne a train

