
wounded; Company E, 1 wounded; Company G, 1, mortally; Company H, 1 wounded; Company K, 1 killed. That night we bivouacked on the Manchester pike, 8 miles from Murfreesborough.

On the morning of the 6th, we moved slowly down the pike to Beach Grove, where we remained, and bivouacked until Friday, the 9th, which time we set out the march for the Cumberland River.

On each of the occasions mentioned the officers and men behaved with such coolness and bravery as to show that they could be relied on in an hour of danger or peril - not to be dismayed by unequal numbers and superior equipments.

I regret the absence of Colonel Morgan in making this report, as I had not expected to be called on to do so, and kept no memorandum from which to prepare a more accurate account or detailed report. The surgeon of the regiment had provided the list of the casualties mentioned.

Respectfully submitted.

J. D. WEBB,

Lieut. Col., Comdg. Fifty-first Alabama Regt. Partisan Rangers.

No. 304. Report of Captain J. H. Wiggins, Arkansas battery,

including skirmishes at La Vergne December 26-27.

FEBRUARY 10, 1863.

In compliance with General Orders, No. 6, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part borne by Wiggins' battery in the fights before Murfreesborough.

On the evening of December 26, [1862] the enemy advanced upon La Vergne, and one section of the battery was advanced, under Lieutenant [J. W.] Calloway, to engage the enemy. During the engagement that evening we lost 3 horses and had 2 men wounded. That night the section under Lieutenant Calloway retired about a mile, and one section under Lieutenant [J. P.] Bryant was left in La Vergne on picket.

On the morning of the 27th, Lieutenant Calloway, with his section, was ordered to the front to engage the enemy again, while Lieutenant Bryant, with his section, was posted on a hill to the left of the pike and in rear of La Vergne, to relieve the retreat of Lieutenant Calloway. The battery retired to Stewart's Creek that evening, engaging the enemy by sections alternately. Loss that day, one horse. One section, under Lieutenant Bryant, was left on picket at Stewart's Creek until Monday morning, the rest of the battery retiring to the rear.

On Monday, the 29th, we retired to our lines in front of Murfreesborough, firing in the same manner as at Stewart's Creek, and moved with the command to the right and encamped until midnight, when, in compliance with orders from General Wheeler, took Lieutenant Calloway with a section of guns and moved with the command on the Lebanon pike and north of Old Jefferson, where a camp of the enemy was attacked, and the battery fired about a dozen; then moved on with the command by way of La Vergne and Nolensville, but had no other engagement until Wednesday evening, when the enemy was attacked and the battery engaged two hours. Lost 1 man wounded, 1 horse killed, and several horses wounded.

On Wednesday (31st), one piece of the section which was left behind was taken out by Lieutenant Bryant, by order of General Bragg, with

