
General Breckinridge's division, and was engaged in the action that day. Total loss, 3 men wounded, 4 horses killed, and several more wounded. The stock was very much exhausted, not having been unharnessed in six day.

The officers and men all bore themselves well and with coolness. Sergt. A. A. Blake especially displayed much gallantry.

Respectfully submitted.

J. H. WIGGINS,

Captain.

Colonel [W. B.] WADE.

No. 305. Report of Brig. Gen. John A. Wharton, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS WHARTON'S CAVALRY BRIGADE, Shelbyville Pike, Tenn., January 22, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the brigade acting under my orders during the battles before Murfreesborough, commencing December 31, 1862, and ending Saturday, January 3, 1863:

The brigade was composed of the following commands.+ * * *

I received my orders from Lieut. Gen. W. J. Hardee in person. They were as follows: I was informed that at daylight on the morning of the 31st [ultimo] our left wing would attack the enemy's right. Being drawn up on the extreme left, I was ordered to reach the enemy's rear as soon as possible, and to do them all the damage I could. My command was formed before daylight. I had divided my brigade into three commands in order that it might be better wielded: Texas Rangers, Third Confederate, and Second Georgia, under Colonel Harrison; the First Confederate, Davis Battalion, Malone's battalion, and Murray's regiment, under Colonel Cox, and the remainder of the command acting as a support to the battery and as a reserve. I moved the command promptly at daylight. So vigorous was the attack of our left upon the enemy's right, proceeding first at a trot and then at a gallop, I had to travel a distance of 2 1/2 miles before I reached the enemy's rear. I succeeded in getting into position near the Wilkinson pike, with the enemy in my front; caused Colonel Cox to form his command for a charge; directed Captain White to open on the enemy with his battery. After a brisk fire from the artillery, I ordered Colonel Cox to charge, which he did in gallant style, as evidenced by his capturing the

Seventy-fifth Regiment Illinois Infantry.

About this time Captain [S. P.] Christian [Company K, Eighth Texas Cavalry], with four companies of Texas Rangers, charged a four-gun battery and captured it, including horses, drivers, harness, and everything pertaining to it.

Up to this time we had taken about 1,500 prisoners, which, with the artillery and one piece found without horses about a mile in the enemy's rear, were sent to the proper officer in Murfreesborough.

The enemy's immense wagon trains guarded by a heavy force of cavalry, could be seen moving near and in the rear of the enemy in the direction of the Nashville pike. I determined to move across the country, give the cavalry battle, and to attempt to capture the train. Our infantry

+See Organization of the Army of Tennessee, No. 189, p.661.

