
by this time had succeeded in driving the enemy across the Wilkinson pike. In reaching a point about three-quarters of a mile distant from the Nashville pike, I discovered the wagon train of the enemy, together with some artillery, moving along the pike. A heavy body of cavalry was drawn up near and parallel to the pike, facing me, and a considerable body was drawn up nearer me to give battle. The battery was placed in position. Ashby's regiment and L. T. Hardy's company formed in front of the enemy. Harrison's command forme don his right flank. The battery opened with considerable effect. It was ordered to cease firing and Ashby and Hardy ordered to charge, which they promptly did. They were met by a counter-charge of the enemy, supposed to be the Fourth Regulars, with drawn sabers. At the same time Harrison's command was ordered to charge, which they did in the most gallant and handsome manner. The Rangers, in advance, met the enemy, and completely routed them, relieving Ashby's command, which was hard pressed. Availing myself of the confusion caused by the rout of the enemy's advanced cavalry, the entire brigade was ordered to charge the enemy's whole cavalry force, drawn up in line half a mile in rear of their main line of battle, protecting their wagon train. The order was responded to in the most chivalrous manner, and 2,000 horseman were hurled on the foe. The ground was exceedingly favorable for cavalry operations, and after a short hand-to-hand conflict, in which the revolver was used with deadly effect, the enemy fled from the field in the widest confusion and dismay, and were pursued to Overall's Creek, a distance of 2 miles. After they had crossed Overall's Cree, the enemy reformed out of range of our guns.

The wagon train - consisting of several hundred wagons - many pieces of artillery, and about 1,000 infantry, who were either guarding the wagons or were fugitives from the field, were ours. The trains were turned round, and started back on the pike toward Murfreesborough.

I had proceeded but a short distance in the charge when I was informed that a heavy cavalry force immediately in my rear was about to charge my battery, which, being unable to keep up with the cavalry in a charge, was some distance behind. Knowing that it would be impossible to withdraw my men from the pursuit, and having no disposition to do so, I immediately returned in person with two of my staff - Lieutenant [D. S.] Terry, jr. and [G. W.] McNeal - and found the battery with no support save Colonel Smith and 20 of his men, the balance, with too much zeal, having engaged in the pursuit of the fleeing enemy. My arrival was most opportune. About 300 of the enemy's cavalry, not over 400 yards distant, were bearing down upon the battery with a speed that evinced a determination to take it at all hazards. A few men, with Colonel Smith, were promptly formed, and the battery unlimbered and ordered to fire upon the approaching enemy. Several shells were exploded in their ranks and they retired in confusion. The command that had captured the wagons, thinking that they had driven the entire force of the enemy's cavalry across Overall's Creek, and apprehending danger along from that quarter, were prepared to meet it only from that direction. Besides many were scattered along the entire length of the wagon train, directing its movements and guarding the numerous prisoners taken. In this condition they were attacked by the same party of cavalry from the direction of Murfreesborough that I had repulsed with the artillery, the enemy's cavalry that we had driven across Overall's Creek being in condition likewise to attack them in the rear. Owing to this and to my being detailed to defend the battery, we were able only to bring off a portion of the wagons, 5 or 6 pieces of artillery, about

