
400 prisoners, 327 beef cattle, and a goodly number of mules cut from the wagons.

In this engagement the enemy suffered severely, losing many officers and men, both killed and captured. Among the former was Col. Minor Milliken, who was killed by Private John Bowres, of Company K, Texas Rangers, in single combat.

My loss was about 150 killed, wounded, and missing.

Captain [R. J. C.] Gailbreath, of Murray's regiment; Lieutenant [William] Ellis, Company G, Texas Rangers, and Lieutenant [W. H.] Sharp, Company B, same regiment, were wounded and left upon the field. Adjt. N. D. Rothrock, of Third Confederate Regiment, was killed. My assistant inspector-general, Walker, was also wounded, and has since died of his wounds.

To Capt. Paul [F.] Anderson and his gallant company (my escort) I am indebted for the capture and safe delivery of 327 beeves and the guard accompanying them.

Having placed the booty within our lines, I again returned to the rear of the enemy and to the vicinity of the Nashville pike and continued to engage the enemy until the middle of the afternoon. At dusk I stationed the command upon the left of our infantry and picketed for its protection. All soldiers in the command who were armed with shot or other indifferent guns exchanged them for those of a more approved character.

When it is borne in mind that the operations of this brigade were entirely in rear of the enemy, and not a mile from his line of battle; when it is likewise borne in mind that it successfully engaged all arms of the service - infantry, artillery, and

cavalry - and captured and sent to the rear more prisoners than the command numbered, I think it will be cheerfully conceded that they performed meritorious and important services and are entitled to the commendation due from the commanding general to gallant soldiers.

On Thursday morning, the enemy being reputed to be in full retreat, I was directed by the commanding general to attack them at any point deemed practicable on the Nashville and Murfreesborough pike. I moved my command, in connection with Generals Wheeler and Buford, around to La Vergne, reaching that place about 4 p.m. A large train of wagons and some artillery were seen moving along the pike with a strong escort of cavalry in the direction of Nashville. General Wheeler moved across the country and attacked the train a mile below La Vergne. I attacked the enemy in front, in La Vergne, having dismounted a portion of my command. We captured about 100 wagons, 150 prisoners, 300 mules, and 1 piece of artillery. Ten of the wagons, the piece of artillery, and the mules were brought away and delivered to the proper officer. The remaining wagons, with the quartermaster's commissary, and ordnance stores contained in them, were burned. A regiment of infantry under Colonel ---- Dennis was stationed in a cedar brake and fortifications near this point. I caused the battery under Lieutenant [Arthur] Pue [jr.], who with great gallantry, to open on it. The fire at a range of not more than 400 yards was kept up for more than an hour, and must have resulted in great damage to the enemy. I caused the enemy to be charged on three sides at the same time by Colonel Cox and Smith and Lieutenant-Colonel [James C.] Malone, and the charge was repeated four times, but the enemy was so strongly posted that it was found impossible to dislodge him.

Colonels Cox and Smith and Lieutenant-Colonel Malone and their commands behaved with the utmost gallantry. To Capt. Fergus Kyle, of

