
Malone and Esters, Captains [G.] Cook and [S. P.] Christian, of Texas Rangers, and Captain [L. T.] Hardy, of General McCown's escort, behaved with the utmost gallantry and judgment. Major F. M. Ison commanded the Second Georgia during Wednesday's fight. The members of my staff were prompt and efficient, and reckless of danger.

The loss of the brigade was 108 killed and wounded, and 107 captured; 150 horses killed. A detailed account of the casualties has been sent to General Bragg.

Captain [B. F.] White, jr., of my battery, whose gallantry upon this and every other field was most conspicuous, was taken so violently ill upon Wednesday night as to render it entirely impossible for him to be removed upon our evacuation of Murfreesborough.

Colonel Ashby was ordered to report early Thursday morning to General Pegram with his regiment, and was not in my brigade afterward. The entire strength of the brigade was about 2,000.

I have the honor to remain, your most obedient servant,

JNO. A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General of Cavalry.

MajorT. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 306. Report of Brig. General Abraham Buford, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade,

including skirmishes December 31-January 3.

HEADQUARTERS BUFORD'S CAVALRY BRIGADE, Camp near Beech Grove, Tenn., January 11, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to forward report of my brigade during the battle of Murfreesborough,[Tenn.]

My brigade, composed of Colonel Smith's regiment, assigned for duty with Colonel Grigsby,numbering 220 effective men, Colonel Grigsby's regiment, 230, and Colonel Butler, 180 men, in all 631 effective men, in accordance with orders from the general commanding moved to Rover, 18 miles southwest of Murfreesborough, on the Shelbyville and Nashville pike, where I remained until Wednesday, 31st [ultimo].

Having received an order from General Bragg to move upon the enemy's flank and be ready for a vigorous pursuit, delivered at 12 m. Tuesday night (30th), I moved at daylight Wednesday morning (31st), and reached the battle-field at 12 m., taking position on the extreme left. I there joined General Wheeler, and, in concert with in, moved rapidly along the enemy's flank, my brigade being in advance, until we encountered a force of the enemy, consisting of artillery, cavalry, and infantry, escorting a large wagon train, the enemy occupying quite a strong position on a hill near Miller's. I immediately disposed my command for an attack, threw forward Captain [T. H.] Shanks' company, of Colonel Grigsby's regiment, as skirmishers, and formed the brigade in line of battle, Colonel Butler on the right, threatening the enemy's flank, and Colonel Grigsby on the left, in front of the enemy's lines. The attack was opened by our skirmishers, the enemy replying with artillery. After firing a few rounds, I received an order from General Wheeler to withdraw my brigade.

In this skirmish I lost 1 man (private of Colonel Butler's regiment) killed and 3 wounded; 2 horses killed and 2 disabled. We captured some 30 prisoners, who were paroled on the field.

