
Having withdrawn my force in good order, and acting in conjunction with General Wheeler, I moved back on the right toward and on the Wilkinson pike, on the left flank of Overall's Creek, near Mrs. Washington's. Here we found the enemy posted on the right bank of the creek, under cover of the woods. General Wheeler, on the right bank, attacked them, and I immediately drew up Colonel Grigsby's regiment (holding Colonel Butler's in reserve) on the right flank of the enemy, crossed the creek, charged the enemy, and drove him back with severe loss upon the lines of his heavy infantry.

My loss was here 2 commissioned officers (Major Chenoweth and Captain William Campbell) and 6 privates wounded. We captured some 10 or 15 prisoners, who were paroled on the field.

Night coming on, my brigade was withdrawn from the field, receiving orders to move the next day (Thursday), in conjunction with Generals Wheeler and Wharton, to the rear of the enemy. Uniting my brigade with theirs, I marched to La Vergne, co-operating with them in capturing and destroying a large number of wagons laded with commissary and quartermaster's stores, taking a large number of prisoners. Ninety-five of the Twenty-second Indiana Infantry came out and voluntarily surrendered to Lieut. D. E. Myers, who was alone a short distance in front of his command.

I returned the next morning (Friday) to my original position on the left of our line of battle, near Mrs. Washington's, and remained there during the day, with no material results. At 9 a.m. I was ordered again to co-operate with General Wheeler in rear of the enemy, and moved at once. We encountered the enemy near Cox's Hill, about 8 miles from Nashville, on the Nashville and Murfreesborough pike. My brigade being in the rear, found on arriving that General Wheeler had already engaged the enemy, who was drawn up along the pike, his cavalry opposite the right wing of my brigade, which I wad moved into a corn-field adjoining the pike. Receiving an order from General Wheeler to move back to the woodland skirting the field, I did so, to support the attack in which he was engaged. I drew up the brigade, dismounted them to act as skirmishers, preparatory to an attack on the enemy's left. Before engaging, I was ordered by General Wheeler to withdraw my command, as he had been ordered to return immediately to Murfreesborough.

I returned that (Saturday) night to my original position on the left of our line of battle, near Mrs. Washington's, and remained there until sunrise Sunday morning, when a dispatch from General Wheeler informed me that the army had commenced a retreat. I feel back to Murfreesborough, and retired on the Shelbyville pike in rear of the army.

I take pleasure in calling the attention of the commanding general to the good conduct and military bearing of most of the officers and men of my command, and particularly the gallant conduct of MajorJ. Q. Chenoweth, of Colonel Butler's regiment, who was on duty as a member of my staff, and Capt. G. M. Tilford and Lieut. D. E. Myers, of Colonel Smith's regiment, who were on duty with Col. J. Warren Grigsby's regiment during the engagement of Wednesday evening.

My thanks are due to the officers actin on my staff for the efficient aid rendered me during the engagement.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

GENERAL COMMANDING ARMY,

(Through George William Brent, Assistant Adjutant-General.)

