
on and robbed at Harpeth Shoals by Wheeler's cavalry. I can multiply documentary evidence on these outrages and many others, fully revealing the barbarism of these rebel leaders, and will do so, if you think desirable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Brig. Gen. LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

No. 2. Report of Chaplain Maxwell P. Gaddis, Second Ohio Infantry.

CAMP AT MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., February 4, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with your request, I herewith transmit a condensed account of the capture and subsequent destruction of a portion of your transportation by fire on the Cumberland River, on January 1, at the head of Harpeth Shoals, 30 miles from Nashville and 35 miles from Clarksville. I was on the steamer Hastings as the time of her being ordered by the guerrillas to land, and at the request of the captain of the Hastings the officers and men on board (near 260 wounded), assumed command. I answered their hail and order by saying that we were loaded with wounded and could not stop. They again ordered us "to come to," and backed their orders by three volleys of musketry, after which I ordered the pilot of the Hastings, "Round the steamer to the shore." This he immediately endeavored to do. The current being swift, the boat slowly, and the enemy again fired two rounds of artillery, one of the balls taking effects on the steamer, seriously wounding one of the men. As soon as the boat struck the steamer that had been captured some two hours previously, a gang of drunken rebels, under command of Colonel Wade, took possession of the Hastings.

Then followed a scene of plunder had theft never before witnessed. They robbed soldier and passengers indiscriminately; took from your wounded soldiers their blankets, rations, medicines, and in many instances their clothing; robbed the officers of their side-arms, overcoats, hats,&amp;c.; the boat of all her freight, stores, and money, and her officers of their personal property. I demanded of Colonel Wade some explanation of this inhuman course. He, being so drunk, only made me an idiotic reply. I then looked around for some other officer, and discovered Captain Burford, General Wheeler's assistant adjutant-general, in whom I recognized an old acquaitance. I appealed to him. He was powerless, from the fact the whole gang was drunk. He, however, reported the facts to General Wheeler, who authorized, him to parole the Hastings, on condition that she carry no more supplies for the Federal Government. I accepted the parole. I then took on board the wounded off of the steamer Trio; also from the steamer Parthenia, and had succeeded din obtaining permission to pass on, when they, for the first time, discovered that the deck of the Hastings was covered with bales of cotton, on which our wounded were lying. Wade instantly ordered me to put ashore all the wounded (over 400), that he might burn the cotton, it being theirs by capture, and, with them, a contraband of war.

