
dictated and I appended the following certificate to each of the hospital lists, no copy of which was left me:

ON CUMBERLAND RIVER, NEAR ASHLAND, January 13, 1863.

I certify that the above lists of sick and wounded United States soldiers on board the steamers Hastings were captured by the Confederate forces (or forces of the Confederate States) on January 13, 1863, on the Cumberland River, and duly paroled by E. S. Burford, assistant adjutant-general of General Wheeler's cavalry corps.

L. D. WATERMAN,

Surgeon Thirty-ninth Indiana Volunteers, in Charge of Sick and Wounded.

There were also 8 or 9 wounded officers of the United States Army on board, whose names were taken and who were sworn not to take up arms, &amp;c., but who, being passengers and not under my charge, and immediately mingled with 500 other from other steamboats, I am unable to name. The Confederate officers, being intoxicated and getting rapidly more so, took the lists, names and plunder, and hurried off, in spite of my protest and demand for copies, only giving me in return the following statement, the original of which I have:
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, On Board the Hastings, on the Cumberland River, Tenn., January 13, 1863.

The steamer Hastings having been captured by the Confederate forces on the 13th January, 1863, and having 212 United States soldiers, wounded in the late battle before Murfreesborough, [they] do swear they will not aid or abet or in any wise do anything prejudicial to the interests of the Confederate States until they are duly exchanged according to the cartel.

Witness:

E. S. BURFORD, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General, General Wheeler's Cavalry Corps.

These wounded officers and soldiers were mingled with other unavoidably and scattered to different hospitals, with no evidence, some of them without an understanding, of the transaction. Such are very briefly the essential facts concerning this capture and attempt at parole, the report of which has been somewhat delayed by sickness.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully and obediently, yours,

L. D. WATERMAN,

Surgeon Thirty-ninth Indiana Volunteers,

In charge General Hospital, No. 17, Nashville, Tenn.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland.

No. 4. Reports of Brig. Gen. Robert B. Mitchell, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS, Nashville, January 13, 1863.

MAJOR: The steamer Charter was burned last night about 8 o'clock, with her cargo. But two regiments have arrived from Gallatin yet; two locomotives have given out. Stanley went on the Hillsborough pike, as you directed. I think our force should have been sent nearer the train. Damn the railroad, say I!

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major GODDARD.

