
stores in immense quantity and escaped by a hasty retreat. Our troops, in the midst of snow and ice, crossed to the north side of Cumberland by swimming their horses through the angry torrent, much swollen by recent rains; routed the guard, and captured and destroyed an immense selection of subsistence just loaded for transportation to Nashville by wagons.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

JANUARY 13-15, 1863.- Reconnaissance from Murfreesborough to Nolensville and Versailles, Tenn.

Report of Col. George D. Wagner, Fifteenth Indiana Infantry.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., FIRST DIV., LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND, In Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 16, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with orders from General Rosecrans, on the morning of the 13th, at 2 o'clock a.m., I marched from camp, in the direction of Triune. The force consisted of the Third Brigade, Colonel Streight commanding, my own, the Second Brigade,and Captain Otis' brigade of cavalry, about 700 strong.

The crossing of the river was difficult, detaining us some time. The route was by way of Lizzard and Lane's store, to the pike at Bole Jack. Here was [were] seen some 8 or 10 mounted men, who seemed to be posted as lookouts on the hill; only one was taken. I sent from here a cavalry force up the pike beyond Triune; saw nothing of importance. Learning that General Wheeler had passed down the road, in the direction of Nashville,we moved forward to Nolensville and camped for the night. Here I ascertained that Wheeler had been joined by Forrest with about 1,000 men, which made their force about 3,000 men and seven pieces of artillery.

On the morning of the 14th I was about starting in pursuit, by way of Brentwood, when an order was received from General Rosecrans, direction me to send two regimens to the Wilkinson pike, and with the remainder to move to Eagleville, 14 miles toward Shelbyville, then to Versailles, 7 miles east, join forces with the two brigades there and at Salem, and to move with the whole force to strike the enemy. This the rain prevented, as, on the morning of the 15th, it was impossible to move except by the pike, and that led only to camp, where I had started with the entire command, when an order was received from the general directing a return. On the 14th, learning there was a large mill, west 2 miles from Eagleville, that was grinding for the enemy, I directed Captain Otis send a party of cavalry to destroy it, so they could not use it, but not to burn it unless it was the only way to prevent their using it. They found a large amount of meal stored in it and ready to send to the rebels, and burned it.

The advance, under command of Colonel

-----

, Tennessee cavalry, had a skirmish with the enemy at Eagleville, capturing 12 or 15 and their horses. The colonel had his horse shot under him. There was also a large lot of horses and mules taken by the different quartermasters. I estimate the entire number at 100 head. The quartermaster

