
of my brigade reports 8 mules and 2 horses. A valuable lot was taken by Captain Otis from the rebel Captain Lytle.

I am of the opinion, had it not been for the storm, we could have hit the enemy a hard blow on the 15th, at Fosterville. There is, or was, but one company of cavalry at Unionville, and nothing but cavalry at Fosterville. I do not think they have any infantry this side of Shelbyville and Wartrace. Cheatham on the 14th was at the former place.

Owing to the rain and the cold, the men suffered much, and are entitled to as much consideration as if they had gained a victory in dry weather. The officers, particularly the mounted ones, did not suffer so much, yet, I am sorry to say, some of them complained more than those who waded water knee-deep; the men, when they came to a vast pond or creek, raised a shout or song and plunged in. The stone of the pike, much of it recently made, cut the shoes up badly. I need in my brigade 700 pairs before the men can march. No doubt the other brigade needs as many.

To the commanders of brigades, Colonel Streight, Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, and Captain Otis, I am much indebted for the efficient manner in which they did their duty, as well as Captains Hume and Martin, of General Hascall's staff, who were of much service.

Which is respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

G. D. WAGNER,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Brigadier-General HASCALL.]

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, LEFT WING, January 15, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the commanding general.

The men underwent great hardships, and are entitled to credit for the soldierly manner in which they endured the same.

MILO S. HASCALL,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JANUARY 19, 1863.-Skirmish near Woodbury, Tenn.

Report of Capt. Thomas D. McCelland, Third Ohio Cavalry.

HDQRS. SECOND BATTALION, THIRD OHIO CAVALRY, Camp near Readyville, Tenn., January 20, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with instructions, the Second Battalion, consisting of Companies E, F, A, and D, reported to Col. W. B. Hazen, commanding Second Brigade (January 10, 1863), and were marched to this place a distance of 12 miles. Our time since has been fully occupied in patrolling and scouting, with and occasional skirmish with the enemy's pickets and scouting parties until yesterday we had entire quite a brilliant little affair with a portion of Morgan's command, under Colonel Hutcheson. About noon, picket firing was heard to the front. The colonel commanding ordered me to send out and see what it meant. I made a detail from Companies

E, F, and A, consisting of 44 men, under command of Lieutenant Hansey, of Company F, and Lieutenant Clark, of

