
gades of the enemy's troops crossed the Mississippi from Warenton, and moved across the peninsula to Young's Point. I mention these circumstances to show that my forces have not been idle and to illustrate the ease and rapidity with which the enemy can throw any required numbers of troops upon the peninsula, to crush any small force that should attempt to pass into the narrow strip leading to Vicksburg. The same is true in regard to the establishment of batteries upon the Mississippi, to prevent the passage of re-enforcements to the enemy. I have examined carefully every point from Young's to Lake Providence, in order to get such a position, but between those points there is no position that my small force could occupy more than a few hours. If there was the slightest hope that my small command could relieve Vicksburg, the mere probability of its capture or destruction ought not, and should not, as far as I am concerned, weigh a feather against making the attempt, but I consider it absolutely certain, unless the enemy are blind and stupid, that no part of my command would escape capture or destruction if such an attempt should be made.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. WALKER.

Vicksburg, MISS., July 10, 1863.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS, Richmond, Va.:

The great and apparently intentional delay in paroling the garrison made it necessary to leave General Smith behind to complete the rolls. These have been sent for, but cannot be sent you earlier than five days. An approximate statement can now surely be given: 1 lieutenant-general, 4 major-generals, 8 brigadier-generals, and 1 State brigadier, with their staffs; the regimental and other officers, and rank and file and men amount to some 29,000, of which not less than 10,000 are ineffective from sickness and wounds. Most of the Mississippi and Missouri troops have already deserted. Very few will remain. I have no arms, and cannot prevent it. Whatever your orders are, I will use every exertion to carry out.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

YAZOO CITY, July 10, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston:

In the event of having to abandon the Yazoo, what [shall we] do with the steamboats?

ISAAC N. BROWN.
HEADQUARTERS, Jackson, July 10, 1863.

Major-General FRENCH,Commanding DIVISION:

GENERAL: A courier has just reported that our cavalry pickets on the Clinton road have been driven in, and that the enemy is advancing. General Johnston directs me to desire you to throw forward two or three companies to support the cavalry pickets, to prevent a reconnaissance being made by the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BARROLL WASHINGTON,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

General EVANS:

Please send forward three companies immediately.

S. G. FRENCH.

