
and everything in perfect order. Enemy not yet entered city. He destroyed no guns, no ammunition; burned all the steamers. Operator still there.

LUCAS,

Operator at Vaughan's

BRANDON, MISS., July 14, 1863.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

I earnestly recommend that I be allowed to furlough this army for thirty days. If authorized, it can be brought together at the expiration of that period: otherwise it cannot. I shall await your answer here.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

[JULY 14, 1863. - For Davis to E. K. Smith, see Series I, VOL. XXII,

Part II, p. 925.]

RICHMOND, July 14, 1863. (Received July 15.)

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON:

A dispatch from General Johnston of yesterday informs me that you recommend that a furlough of thirty days be given to the troops in your command, to avoid the necessity of placing them in a paroled camp. We are waiting to receive by telegraph a list of troops, the number of each grade, and expect to effect their immediate exchange, so as to give all who are fit for duty an opportunity to severe their country in this hour of its sorest need, and asking from them only such devotion and gallantry as they have heretofore displayed. I hopefully pray for their better fortune on another field.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS, Jackson, MISS., July 14, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: An order was sent to you to-day to the effect that you were to keep your troops south of the railroad, and proceed by the shortest road to Enterprise. General Johnston directs that you do not allow your troops to come in contact with the railroad at any point, and not allow them to go by Brandon.

This change of direction is in consequence of the communication made by General Stevenson this morning in your presence.

By command of General Johnston:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION,

In the Field, July 14, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

COLONEL: The enemy's dead in front of my position are becoming quite offensive, and I cannot have them buried because of their skirmishers firing on my burial parties. They have even fired on my litter-bearers while their wounded were being brought in.

