HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE WEST, Jackson, MISS., July 14, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES R. CHALMERS, Commanding, &amp;c.,:

SIR: You are directed to hold your troops in readiness to move, and, when it becomes necessary, move east, destroying the railroad bridges and rolling-stock and all public property you cannot bring away, and drive with you all the beeves you can collect.

By command of General Johnston:

Very respectfully,BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, July 14, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel [W. B.] CREASMAN, Commanding, Yazoo City:

It is reported that the enemy is moving in large force between the Yazoo and Big Black. Send your cavalry to a distance to reconnoiter. If you find he is coming against you in force too large to be resisted, abandon the place, destroying what public property you cannot carry off, taking an easterly direction, and immediately reporting to General Chalmers for further instructions.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH MILITARY DISTRICT, DEPT. MISS., AND EAST. La., Numbers 95. Panola, July 14, 1863.

* * * * * * *

IX. The First and SECOND Brigades and [J. F.] Kerr's batter will move at 6 a. m. to-morrow, via Oakland, to Grenada, and encamp on the south side of the river. A car-load of corn will be forwarded to Oakland, to supply forage for the command.

X. Captain [J. W.] Smith, commanding company Chalmers' battalion, will move with his company to Wyatt, where he will encamp. He will throw out scouts in front to observe the movements of the enemy, and will forward all information promptly to these headquarters. When important, information may be sent by telegraph from Oxford.

XI. As soon as he has executed his present orders, Major [A. H.] Chalmers will proceed with [E. D.] Porter's company to Wyatt, where he will assume command of Smith's, Webb's, and [W. G.] Middleton's companies, place pickets at the crossings above and below that place, so as to prevent all improper passing, and throw out scouts in front to observe and report any movement of the enemy. All information of importance will be communicated to these headquarters, at Grenada, by telegraph from Oxford, and by courier to Brigadier-General George at this place. If forced to fall back, he will do so in the direction of Grenada, and so as, if possible, to protect the railroad.

XII. Brigadier-General George will establish his headquarters at this place, and will so dispose of his forces as to guard against any advance in his front. If practicable, he will defend the place against any attack, but, if compelled to fall back, he will retire to the railroad bridge over Yockeney, where he will make a stand, and endeavor to defend it. If driven from that position, he will fall back to Grenada. The tele-

