
graph office at Senatobia will be kept in operation as long as possible, and all information will be forwarded promptly to headquarters at Grenada. He will procure forage and provisions for his command from this vicinity, and, if that should fail, he will be supplied from Grenada.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE WEST, Jackson, MISS., July 14, 1863.

Colonel [J. L.] LOGAN, Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: An order was sent you yesterday, directing you to move east across Pearl River and open communications with General Johnston. The general has directed these orders to be somewhat modified. You will, previous to moving east, collect all beef-cattle in the country you now occupy, and drive them before you when you move. You will also destroy all the railroad bridges and rolling-stock on the New Orleans and Jackson Railroad and all public property you cannot bring away as you fall back.

By command of General Johnston:

Very respectfully, &c.,:

BENJ. S. EWELL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, July 15, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Brandon, MISS.:

The question of furloughing your troops having bee referred to the President, cannot be decided by General Johnston, so he directs me to state. The President's answer may reach here to-day. He further directs me to say that the safety of this army requires that your troops should take the route south of Brandon.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. PAROLED PRISONERS, Brandon, July 15, 1863.

Major General John H. FORNEY:

I am informed that several hundred of the paroled prisoners are endeavoring to leave this place on the cars. You will at once make a detail as large as you can arm, who will stand guard at the depot, and prevent the paroled prisoners from leaving this place them. You will direct the officer of the guard, in case the men refuse to leave the cars when ordered, to fire on the foremost car which carries the men. The responsibility of the act, should disaster follow, is entirely assumed by the lieutenant-general commanding.

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

J. THOMPSON,Assistant Inspector-General, DEPT. MISS, and East. Louisiana.

HEADQUARTERS, Brandon, MISS., July 15, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Commanding U. S. Forces:

GENERAL: In accordance with an arrangement for communication between General Smith and myself while at Vicksburg, I send you an

