
give further information to aid in decision. A part of your troops could not go home now if furloughed, and you have not suggested any discrimination. They can all realize the pressing nature of our condition, and the importance of thirty days to the future of our country. Yourself and the general officers, whose names were sent on, have been discharged from their parole. Enter at once on duty.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

BRANDON, July 16, 1863

General JOSEPH E. Johnston:

It is impossible to keep the Trans-Mississippi troops and the Mississippi troops, or any large portion of them, together. Will you approve of my furloughing them for thirty days? Under no circumstances, if exchanged, will they be available to the Government within that period. Please order Major Mims and Major Whitfield, quartermasters, to report to me for duty, and direct Major Johnston, chief commissary, to furnish funds for the subsistence of my troops.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

BRANDON, MISS., July 16, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL, Jackson, MISS.:

It is impossible to keep the railroad clear of my troops without an armed force. Major [J. D.] Bradford has cavalry between Jackson and this place. Will your order some here for that purpose?

I have no mounted men to drive cattle. Can you spare me a few?

J. C . PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, July 16, 1863.

General BRAGG, Chattanooga:

Can you not spare a large body of cavalry from your new position? If so, send it into Northeastern Mississippi. The enemy is preparing to plunder that country and make raids into Middle Alabama.

J. E. Johnston.

JACKSON, July 16, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

The following dispatch has been received:

PANOLA, July 14, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston:

Scout Kemp reports from Byhalia yesterday morning that 3,000 volunteers had been called for to penetrate the State of Georgia and destroy all the powder-mills, &amp;c. ; and, in case they succeed, each man is to receive a bounty of $100 and an honorable discharge form the service. Scout Richards [reports] a number of horses sent up on the railroad toward Corinth, preparatory to a move of same kind. I have given this information to General Chalmers, and also sent same by courier to General Chalmers, and also sent same by courier to General Ruggles, on Mobile and Ohio Railroad. Have sent additional scouts toward Corinth, and will report promptly to Generals Chalmers and Ruggles, should a raid start out from there. Nothing from near Memphis.

Very respectfully, &c.,

THOS. HENDERSON,

Captain, Independent Scouts.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

