
River, which was delayed in consideration of Sullivan's three regiments at Huntingdon and my reported menacing approach on the Tennessee. Now, as the rebels took possession of Fort Heiman, the way is open for them either to Paducah or Columbus. Dividing my small force, I sent half of it to Paducah, and asked General Sullivan's co-operation on Heiman. Please give your sanction. The navy commander at Cairo answers that he has no disposable gunboat at Cairo to send up the Tennessee.

I requested that the New Era, from Island Numbers 10, be ordered up the Tennessee. May I ask your influence to that end? Ask I embark the squadron of regular cavalry, the promised cavalry regiment is more needed than ever.

ASBOTH.

COLUMBUS, KY., March 11, 1863-Midnight.

Captain a. m. PENNOCK,

Fleet Captain and Commandant of Navy, Cairo, Ill.:

I just received from Memphis the following telegram:

Call on the navy officer at Cairo in my name for aid, and retake Forts Henry and Heiman, if possible. Act without to departments, those places being cut off from their proper subordination.

S. A. HURLBUT.

Please let me know what you can do. Are the gunboats from Smithland already ascending the Tennessee?

ASBOTH.

CAIRO, ILL., March 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH:

The best we can do is to get the iron-clad gunboat Tuscumbia, heavily armed, ready as soon as possible. She will be ready by to-morrow evening. Have tried to communicate with Paducah and Smithland, to know if gunboats have gone up the Tennessee. Operators are, I suppose, asleep.

A. M. PENNOCK,

Fleet Captain and Commandant.

COLUMBUS, KY., March 11, 1863.

General SULLIVAN:

Colonel Dougherty, commanding at Paducah, informs me that the rebels have occupied Forts Henry and Heiman. I immediately requested the commanding naval officer at Cairo to send a gunboat to dislodge them before they can plant a battery. I start with a combined brigade to reoccupy Heiman. Please send a strong cavalry force to co-operate with me on Heiman, and to prevent the rebels from coming in this direction, while I go by water to attack them.

ASBOTH.

COLUMBUS, KY., March 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN, Jackson:

I am just informed that your forces were withdrawn from Huntingdon; if so, I infer that the rebels crossed at Duck River, and, occupying

