
beyond the limits of their furloughs; in very less time than it can be accomplished by any other course of procedure. Pleasure inform me as soon as possible if I have control of the whole matter. If so, I will make immediate arrangements for an established camp at once at Demopolis, and visit you in Richmond when my arrangements are completed. Unless you can give me active service, which I prefer, Major-General Stevenson, next in command, is fully competent to take my place. I have already informed you that General Johnston is falling back. You are aware that every mile Grant advances weakens him and strengthens Johnston. I name Brigadier General S. D. Lee for immediate promotion, and assignment to command to cavalry in this Department. In my opinion, nothing will so effectually check Grant as this appointment.

J. C. PEMBERTON.
HDQRS. PAROLED PRISONERS, Brandon, July 17, 1863.

Colonel T. N. WAUL:

COLONEL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say that he will send so many of your officers as you may deem necessary to the State of Texas, collecting the men of your legion and properly organizing them, and when those men shall have been collected, they will return and report with them at Demopolis, Ala., or such other point as may be hereafter designated. You are authorized to grant them, for this purpose a leave of absence for forty days.

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

J. THOMPSON,Assistant Inspector-General.

CHATTANOOGA, July 17, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston:

Will send Roddey immediately. [John H.] Morgan's DIVISION is now north of the Ohio, creating great consternation. My other cavalry is much jaded. As soon as fit for service, will put Wheeler and Roddey on the alert for raids into Alabama. We are now expecting a heavy one from about Huntsville.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

HEADQUARTERS, July 1863.

MEMORANDUM. *

The DIVISIONS of Major-Generals Breckinridge and French will continue their march to-morrow on the Hillsborough road, as follows: Breckinridge in advance, and French following. The wagon trains of both DIVISIONS to precede the troops. Major-General Breckinridge's wagons will move promptly at 4 a. m., and will be immediately followed by those of Major-General French. As soon as both wagon trains have moved, the troops will follow, Breckinridge in advance and French in rear, as above mentioned. The artillery of each DIVISION will move in its proper position.

By command of General Johnston:

A. P. MASON.

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Sent to Breckinridge and French.

---------------

