
[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded. Cannot tell what it amounts to. Will report as soon as I can. I am in very good position and in line.

G. B. COSBY.

IN LINE OF BATTLE,

One and a half miles from Brandon, on Upper Jackson road,

July 17, 1863-6 p. m.

Colonel EWELL, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

COLONEL: I have heard nothing further from my pickets in regard to advance of the enemy. I have been in line since my last communication. It is now so late I do not apprehend an advance to-night. I shall use every precaution, and endeavor to keep General Johnston fully advised.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. B. COSBY.

[P. S.] - I do not believe the enemy are nearer than 4 miles from here.

BRANDON, July 17, 1863,

Brigadier-General CHALMERS, Commanding, &amp;c.,:

GENERAL: I was compelled to abandon Jackson last night. When the enemy makes such additions to his forces in your district that you will not be able to hold it, move eastwardly, but no farther than you may be forced to do from time to time. It may be some time before any other than plundering parties enter your district. Grant's army may be kept together, to continue to operate against ours. In that event, you will be able to show a bold front to the enemy, and protect the abundant crop of this year, removing as much of it as you can to the Mobile and Ohio road. I shall halt within 15 or 20 miles of this place unless driven farther.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. Johnston,
HDQRS. FIFTH MIL., DIST., DEPT., MISS., AND E. La.,Grenada, July 17, 1863.

Captain A. H. FORREST, Commanding Battalion, Greenwood, MISS.,:

CAPTAIN: The brigadier-General commanding directs that you burn the steamboats and destroy all the other Government property at Greenwood which you cannot remove, and fall back with your command and all the stores you can remove to this place. You will impress wagons to remove the stores, and drive all the cattle you can collect to this place.

Your obedient servant,

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, MISS., July 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS:

Yazoo City has been abandoned to the enemy, and with it the river. If there are any small steamers on Tallahatchee, have them destroyed. General Johnston has ordered me to destroy the public property along

