
fantry and cavalry at Canton yesterday about 9 o'clock, without much result. He crossed Pearl River, with Whitfield's brigade, at Smith's Ferry last evening, and left them at 10 a. m. to-day on Smith's Ferry and Brandon road, about 7 miles from latter place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. HENDERSON,

Commanding Independent Scouts.

BRANDON, July 18, 1863-10 p. m.

Colonel B. S. EWELL, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

COLONEL: I arrived here two hours since. No advance of enemy reported this afternoon. Enemy sent DIVISION of infantry to Canton yesterday to intercept my command. Skirmished with them for four hours near Canton. The prisoners captured-about 100-are here, and, in the absence of rations, I have concluded to parole them and send them to Jackson in the morning. I find it impossible to procure a particle of forage within 8 miles of this place, unless supplied by the cars. It is impossible to keep my command here to-morrow, as the horses have not been fed for two days. I should be pleased to have the general's views and wishes concerning the position of cavalry at once. Please do me the favor to direct Major [W. P.] Paul, assistant quartermaster of my DIVISION, to send wagons with cooking utensils and rations (three days') back on Brandon road for Texas Brigade, Adams' and Starke's regiments.

Prisoners report that enemy will endeavor to take Mobile at once. No movement from Yazoo, and I do not think Sherman will advance from Jackson.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,:

W. H. JACKSON,
HDQRS. FIRST MIL. DIST., DEPT. MISS. AND E. La.,Okolona, MISS., July 18, 1863.

Brigadier, general JAMES R. CHALMERS, Comdg. FIFTH Mil. Dist.:

GENERAL: The evacuation of Jackson on the night of the 16th instant initiates a change in defensive movements, rendering your falling back in this direction quite probable. In view of this contingency, I shall hope to receive your co-operation in all things, and advices constantly of your movements and those of the enemy as far as known to you.

The report that the enemy is re-enforcing along the Memphis and Charleston Railroad seems to gain credence daily.

The period is critical, and requires our utmost vigilance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES.

HDQRS. FIFTH MIL. DIST., DEPT. MISS., AND E. La.,

Grenada, July 18, 1863

Captain A. H. FORREST, Comdg. Battalion, Carrollton, MISS.:

CAPTAIN: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to say, in reply to your not of yesterday, that you will send a detachment to burn the steamboats Hope, Hartford City, Cotton Plant, and any others

