
that may be in the Tallahatchee and Yazoo Rivers. You will also send out detachments southwest and east of you, with orders to burn all cotton, whether belonging to the Government or individuals, leaving the owners only sufficient for the use of their own families. They will commence by burning that nearest the enemy. The enemy are reported to be within 7 miles of Vaughan's Station, and advancing in this direction. You will throw out scouts to observe their movements, and will report them promptly to these headquarters. It is desired that only such cattle as are suitable for beef should be driven out of the bottom.

Your obedient servant,

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, In the Field, July 19, 1863.

Major General DABNEY H. MAURY, Mobile:

Have you force sufficient to defend Mobile from a land attack should it be made? Are you well provisioned? State your condition in both these respects.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. COSBY'S BRIGADE, Brandon, July 19, 1863.

Colonel EWELL:

COLONEL: I have to report the advance of the enemy with infantry and artillery to within about 2 miles of this place, on the lower Jackson road. I shall keep them in check as long as possible, and keep you advised.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,G. B. COSBY,

[P. S.] - Have not yet developed enemy's strength.
HEADQUARTERS, In the Field, July 19, 1863.

Brigadier-General JACKSON, Commanding Cavalry DIVISION:

General Cosby reports that the enemy have advanced with infantry and artillery to within 2 miles of Brandon. General Johnston desires to know why it is that the enemy have been allowed to advance so far without the fact having been sooner reported to him; also why the report did not come through you, commanding the cavalry force.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, July 20, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Cosby, who will give an explanation, as called for within.

W. H. JACKSON.

