
RICHMOND, VA., July 20, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Your dispatches of 15th and 19th received. The Adjutant-General will give you the proper orders in relation to furloughing, and you are entitled, under the cartel, to go on duty, but the enemy's commissioners deny this, and the correspondence will be sent you, as it affects you and other officers similarly situated. The gallant Missourians have my cordial thanks. Their patriotism will be remembered. I hope others will emulate their heroism and follow their example.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

MOBILE, July 20, 1863.,

General JOSEPH E. Johnston.

Force amounts to 2,000 infantry, 500 cavalry, ten field guns. Utterly insufficient. Require 15,000 men and four batteries in addition.

DABNEY H. MAURY.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,In the Field, July 20, 1863.

Colonel [EWELL.]:

Your communication of the 19th just received. In reply, I have the honor to state for the information of the general commanding that I arrived at Brandon the night of the 18th July, after a fatiguing march, and as General Cosby had been left to bring up the rear of the army, I supposed that he had made proper disposition of his command. I asked him if he had scouts near the enemy to inform him of the earliest move; he said he had. I had not time to ride myself and see that his scouts were in position. On account of the total absence of forage around Brandon, I had ordered that portion of my command with me to encamp 8 miles east of Brandon, to get forage. The morning of the 19th, yesterday, feeling quite tired and unwell, I was resting, and directed General Cosby to send his report direct to General Johnston, should the enemy advance. I have referred your letter to General Cosby, and called on him for explanation. I would state that I think the scouts sent out were not good ones, and failed to report in time; yet it requires some little time to find out whether the enemy is advancing in force or not.

Please say to the general commanding that I will give the army due notice of enemy's approach, if he intends giving battle where he is, and will endeavor to check them as much as is required.

Very respectfully,

W. H. JACKSON.

CIRCULAR.] MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE, July 20, 1863,

You will cause to be detailed daily, when on the march, two commissioned officers from each regiment, one-half of whom will take their place with the rear guard of each brigade, and the remaining half with the rear guard of the DIVISION. The duty of these officers will be to assist in the care of the sick. They will form the sick who have dropped out of ranks, with or without surgeons' passes, into squads, and march them in such manner as their condition will allow. These officers will be held responsible for the delivery of the sick to their commands at

