
night. They will also be charged with the collection of stragglers who are not sick, and will require them to assist in the care of the sick.

Medical officers alone will give sick passes.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION, Numbers -. In the Field, July 20, 1863.

The train of this DIVISION, ordnance wagons in the rear, will draw out on the road at 6 a. m. to-morrow, if General Loring's command has cleared the way by that hour, and will move on the Hillsborough road as soon as the road is clear. The baggage train will be in charge of the DIVISION quartermaster, the ordnance train in charge of the DIVISION ordnance officer. The troops will be ready to move at 7 a. m. ; first, Helm; SECOND, Stovall; THIRD, Adams.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Breckinridge:

JOHN A. BUCKNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIFTH MILITARY DIST., Grenada, July 20, 1863.

Brigadier General J. Z. GEORGE, Comdg. THIRD Brigadier Panola, MISS.,

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you move with your whole command (including the companies now on scouting duty) to the vicinity of Vaiden, MISS., and dispose of them so as to watch the movements of the enemy in that quarter and prevent the advance of marauding parties. You will also send out detachments in different directions to burn cotton, commencing with that nearest and most exposed to the enemy.

On your march from Panola to Vaiden, you will send out detachments on both sides of the road, with orders to burn all cotton, giving certificates to the owners for the amount burned, and leaving a small quantity with each family for domestic use. Corn will be forwarded to Vaiden to supply your command.

You will notify your command that any one found straggling, or absent without leave, after you leave Panola, will be arrested and conscripted into some Confederate regiment.

I am, &amp;c., your obedient servant.

W. A. GOODMAN.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GRENADA, July 20, 1863.

Captain THOS. HENDERSON, Commanding Scouts, Panola:

CAPTAIN: The condition of affairs rendering it necessary to have some force south of this place, in order to repel the plundering parties of the enemy and to observe their movements, the brigadier-general commanding has ordered Brigadier-General George to move with his command to Vaiden. It is his intention to move the troops now here to Panola in the course of a few days, and in the meantime he desires you to remain there, and keep your scouts out in front, as at present, so as to report any movements of the enemy. The telegraph office at

