
[Indorsement.]

JULY 27, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel Ewell, to be submitted to General Johnston on his return.

W. J. HARDEE,
HDQRS. FIFTH MIL, DIST., Grenada, July 21, 1863.

Brigadier General DANIEL RUGGLES, Comdg. 1st Mil., Dist. Okolona, MISS.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the 18th instant.

My command has been extended so as to include Yazoo City, and my last orders from General Johnston direct that I should hold the country as long as possible, and, when driven from it, to retire eastward, but slowly, and from point to point, as may be necessary.

The movements of the enemy below me require a DIVISION of my forces in order to meet him in that quarter. The remainder of them will be continued at or above Panola, to hold him in check on the line of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad.

I am sending all the cattle I can collect, and all the other supplies for which I can find transportation, to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and shall continue to do so as long as possible. My ordnance stores, heavy baggage, and some other supplies have already ben sent to WEST Point. I will be obliged if you will take the necessary steps for their protection, or, if you think it advisable, that your order them removed to some place of greater safety. I will endeavor to keep you advised of any matters of importance. If compelled to fall back into your district, I shall, of course, report to you at once, and in meantime I shall very cheerfully co-operate with you as far as it may be in my power to do so.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JAMES R. CHALMERS.

PANOLA, July 21, s 1863.

General CHALMERS:

A detachment from Colonel McGuirk's regiment has cut thee railroad and taken 15 prisoners near Germantown.

J. Z. GEORGE.

PANOLA, July 21, 1863,General CHALMERS:

I fear not half of McGuirk's regiment can be gotten to Vaiden. Very few of Blythe's can be gotten there. If I had a fair chance, I could organize a battalion in Blythe's regiment. The order to go to Vaiden and to conscript stragglers will prevent this. Can't Blythe's regiment remain until after reorganization? We agreed, when you were here, that it was inefficient till then. I tried to write you, but train left.

J. Z. GEORGE,

CIRCULAR. *] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST.

July 22, 1863.

GENERAL: I am instructed by General Johnston to call your attention to the loose manner officers have of discharging their duties. Rob-

---------------

*Sen to Breckinridge and Loring.

---------------

