
bery and plunder are resorted to by the men composing the DIVISIONS of this army, and apparently nothing is done to check it. He calls upon the major-generals always to post guards around property about which their troops may be encamped with orders to shoot down any man caught in the act of depredating upon such property. He directs me further to say that you will at once take steps to find out the company and regiment of every man engaged ion stealing, and have their pay stopped at the next pay-day.

You will please enforce this matter strictly, and, in order that you may stop their pay when the troops are next paid, you will take measures to detect all past future offenders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. HARVIE,

Major and Assistant Inspector-General.
HDQRS. FIFTH MIL. DIST., DEPT. MISS. AND E. La.,Grenada, July 22, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, DEPT. of the West, Brandon, MISS.:

COLONEL: I desire most respectfully to present for the consideration of the general commanding some views for the future action of a part of this command, which have been submitted to me by the two senior colonels of the command, and which, in part, at least, meet with my approval.

The recent movements of our armies in Virginia, Tennessee, and this State have greatly circumscribed the district of country from which we can hope to obtain supplies, and this difficulty is greatly increased by the emigration of large numbers of our citizens with their families and slaves from this and other States to localities where they will be protected by our arms. The enemy are still pressing us at every point into still narrower bounds, and it is thought that the best and speediest means of relieving this quarter, at least from that danger, will be to create an army on the WEST side of the Mississippi River of sufficient size to alarm the enemy for the safety of their communications by the river.

Again, the regiments in my command which were enlisted WEST of the Mississippi are greatly dimished in numbers, and there is but little hope that they will be able to recruit here. The people in this State, like those of Kentucky after the evacuation of Bowling Green, and those of Tennessee after the battle of Shiloh, are now much depressed, and it will be some time before much assistance can be received from them, particularly in filling up regiments from other States. On the other hand, the people of those districts of which the enemy have had possession for some time, are, I am informed now willing to enlist. WEST Tennessee is beginning to rally, and Colonels McCulloch and Slemons are informed that Missouri and Arkansas are full of men who would join their regiments if they were among them. The number of them will be increased by the extension of the age of those liable to conscription -five, and by the fact that a considerable number of men from General Pemberton's army have been allowed to cross the river. If an attempt is made to force them to return at once to this side of the river, they might seek to avoid it, but it is believed that they would readily reassemble for duty on the other side. These men, united with other experienced officers and soldiers of that department, and the new recruits who could be collected, would, it is thought, form a force so considerable as to

