HEADQUARTERS, Demopolis, Ala., July 23, 1863.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON, Demopolis:

GENERAL: A dispatch was this day received from the President, of which the following is an extract:

You are entitle under the cartel to go on duty, but the enemy's commissioners deny this, and the correspondence will be sent you, as it affects you and other officers similarly situated. You are not, therefore, competent to perform any duty as save that connected with the paroled army.

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

J. C. TAYLOR,Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS, near Morton, MISS., July 23, 1863.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS, Commanding, &amp;c., Grenada, MISS:

GENERAL: The latest reports form Jackson show that but one corps of the enemy remains there, the others having fallen back toward Vicksburg. It is further reported that the one now remaining is about retiring in the same direction. Of this nothing is yet positively known.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, In the Field, July 23, 1863.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS, Commanding, &c., Grenada, MISS.,:

GENERAL: A cavalry force will be sent toward Canton, MISS., for the purpose of reconnoitering, &c.

Is Yazoo City still occupied by the enemy, and was a proper resistance made by the troops there previous to the evacuation?

It is important that the movements of the enemy on the Mississippi Central Railroad and the Yazoo River be constantly and closely observed. You are requested to give immediate attention to this, and to communicate frequently with these headquarters. For the speedy transmission of intelligence, a line of couriers ought to be established.

The commanding general desires to express his approval of your own conduct as highly judicious and proper.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL.,Assistant Adjutant-General

HEADQUARTERS COSBY'S BRIGADE, July 23, 1863.

Captain GEORGE MOORMAN, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

CAPTAIN: S. Nelson, scout, just from the other side of Pearl River, or rather at Deer's Ferry, met General Tom [H.] Taylor, just from Vicksburg. Reports that General Taylor told him that he met Generals Sherman and Osterhaus, Hovey, Lauman, General Carr, of Ord's corps, who passed Edwards Depot early on the 22nd with their whole commands. He also states that they informed General Taylor the remainder of the command would leave Jackson this morning, and that they would not remain in Vicksburg a day, but would proceed up the river. Nelson's horse is unfit for travel and I send this report for him. General Taylor is coming as rapidly as possible to General is coming as rapidly as possible to General Johnston. I will render him every assistance in my power to get forward without delay.

G. B. COSBY.

