
for every twenty-five men in each regiment, on the certificate of the captains (approved by their colonels) of the companies to which the men respectively belong. This certificate must state the number of men present for duty; that none have absented themselves without proper authority since the publication of this General Order granting furloughs; that the man (or men) recommended has (or have) not received the benefit of the act of Congress authorizing furloughs on re-enlistment; the length of time the applicant has been absent since his entry into service, and the number of days necessary for the applicant to reach his home.

The furloughs will be so graduated as to allow each man to remain at home two weeks, but the number of men absent on furlough at any one time must not exceed the maximum as allowed above.

Leaves of absence may also be granted to such officers as have not been much absent, giving precedence to those who have been most with their commands, at the rate of one to each company, on the certificate of the captain, approved by the commanding officer of the regiment, as to the length of time the applicant has been absent from his company, either on leave or from unfitness for duty, provided that no company shall be left without at least two commissioned officers.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS. Numbers 15. near Morton, July 24, 1863

Lieutenant-General Hardee having been transferred to this department by the orders of the Secretary of War, will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS Numbers 1. near Morton, July 24, 1863.

The undersigned having been assigned to duty in this department and with this army by General Orders, Numbers 15, assumes command in the temporary absence of the commanding general.

W. J. HARDEE.

DEMOPOLIS, July 25, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond:

Please inform me to what extent I am to control paroled prisoners; whether prisoners paroled at other points than Vicksburg are to be controlled by me; whether the quartermaster's and commissary departments at this post are subject to my orders; if not, who are to regulate the supplies, &amp;c. Can I not, without violating paroles, arm sufficient prisoners to enforce discipline and guard our own camps and stores? I ask these questions because the President informs me the enemy's commissioners deny my right to go on duty. My understanding is, we can perform among ourselves all duties necessary for our police discipline and protection of stores.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

