
UNIONTOWN, ALA., July 25, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston:

GENERAL: I have the honor to address you in regard to the large amount of Government cotton in Mississippi now exposed to the enemy, and of which I am the agent in charge. I received yesterday a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, of which the inclosed are extracts. Should any suggestions occur to your mind in regard to the matter, it would give me great satisfaction to co-operate with you, and appoint proper parties to assist: and should you think that any portion of the cotton could be saved by removing it to Alabama from the counties WEST of Pearl River and tributary to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and believe that railroad transportation could be spared by you for that purpose, I will undertake the removal. Would be glad to hear from you on the subject.

With high regard, your obedient servant,

J. D. B. DE BOW,

General Agent Produce Loan.

P. S. - The Government owns nearly 200,000 bales of cotton in Mississippi.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] J. D. B. DE BOW, Esq.:

I inclose you a copy of a letter addressed by the Secretary of the Treasury to the Secretary of War, concerning the preservation of destruction, when necessary, of cotton belonging to the Government in Mississippi.

The Secretary directs me to request you to give special attention to this matter; to consult the military authorities, and organize some system by which the cotton may be preserved when practicable, and destroyed if otherwise there is great danger of its falling into the hands of the enemy, but to be particular to guard against its unnecessary destruction.

C. G. MEMMINGER.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] TREASURY DEPARTMENT, Richmond, July 15, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: The fall of Vicksburg and Port Hudson exposes to the enemy the cotton purchased by the Government in Mississippi and Louisiana. I learn that many of the planters, in whose care this cotton was, will probably leave their plantations, so that there will be no person to whom the duty can be intrusted of preserving the cotton, if it can be preserved, or of destroying it when it is likely to fall into the hands of the enemy. Under these circumstances, I would respectfully submit that the subject should be placed under the control of the commanding generals, and that they be instructed to destroy all such cotton as cannot be preserved from the hands of the enemy.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

C. G. MEMMINGER.
HEADQUARTERS,GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 2. Morton, MISS., July 25, 1863.

The following named officers are hereby announced as on the staff of Lieutenant-General Hardee: Lieutenant T. S. Hardee, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant

