HEADQUARTERS, Morton, MISS., July 26, 1863.

Major-General WALKER, Commanding DIVISION:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Hardee instructs me to say he desires you to proceed on the evening train to Enterprise, MISS., assume command, dispose of the troops as they arrive, detail a provost-marshal, organize a provost-guard, cause the troops to be provided with sinks promptly upon going into camp, and direct commanding officers to see that they are used. Take steps to prevent the location of any slaughterpens within 2 miles of the site of any encampment, and do generally whatever may be needful for the service. Major Pickett, inspector-general, has gone forward with assistants to select encampments, and will, the general thinks, be of service to you in locating the troops and in other respects.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIFTH MIL. DIST., DEPT., MISS., AND E. La.,

Grenada, July 26, 1863.

Major A. H. CHALMERS, Comdg. Battalion Partisans, Wyatt, MISS.:

MAJOR: The brigadier-general commanding desires me to say that you may move with your command into Marshall and the adjoining counties, for the purpose of scouting and recruiting your command, for the space of then days, or you may remain in your present position, as you may prefer.

If you remain where you now are, you will report to Colonel Slemons, at Panola, and, in any event, you will forward to him any information of importance.

You will arrest and muster into service all men liable to military duty between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years. Those who desire to enlist in any command in this district, and who have horses, will be enlisted in it at once. All others, including those without horses, will be sent to this place. You will detail as many officers and men from Webb's and Middleton's companies as you may think necessary, to recruit for them, and will take the remainder of the companies with you.

Lieutenant [James H.] McCain, who is enlisting a company for your battalion, reports that he is at Panola with 50 men. You will communicate with him, if you desire, but will not order him to move as long as there is a prospect that he will be able to complete his company. You will continue to send information to these headquarters.

W. A. GOODMAN.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIFTH MIL. DIST., DEPT. MISS. AND E. La.,Grenada, July 26, 1863.

Colonel . W. F. SLEMONS, Comdg. SECOND Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to say that hi is too unwell to go to Panola at present, and fears that he may be detained here for some days on that account. He desires, therefore, that you should assume command of the forces at Panola, and dispose of them as you may think most advantageous for the service.

If you think it best, you may move forward from Panola to operate against the enemy. In that event, the general suggests that it might

