
be best to send each brigade to act in part independently, but so as to co-operate with the others, if it should be necessary. You will, however, be guided by your own discretion in this as in all other matters.

Major Chalmers, commanding battalion at Wyatt, will be allowed to remain in his present position, or to go on a scout through Marshall and Tippah Counties, she may prefer. If he remains at Wyatt, he will report to you. You will arrest and muster into the service all persons liable to military duty between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years. Those who desire to enlist in any command in this district, will be mustered into it at once. All others, including all who are without horses, will be sent to this place.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant.

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, July 27, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Demopolis:

Your report of the campaign before Vicksburg, and of the attack and defense, should be made promptly and fully. Your attention is called to a communication to the Atlanta Appeal, and published in the Charleston Mercury of July 22.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS, near Raymond, MISS., July 27, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston:

GENERAL: On the 24th instant I moved up Pearl River, to cut off, if possible, a command of Federal cavalry then operating on the railroad below Jackson. Upon my arrival at Terry, I found that the cavalry had left and that the enemy were falling back toward Vicksburg, and I at once determined to strike his rear guard. I find that he has moved to Big Black; his infantry have pitched their tents, but seem to be crossing, and, I think, from the best information I can get, that the entire. Federal force will cross Big Black, and will make that river their line.

I have details out collecting beeves between here and Port Hudson, and I shall now move in the direction of Port Gibson, thence down Mississippi River, via Natchez and Woodville, MISS., and Jackson, La., and collect all the horses that can be spared; drive beeves, horses, &amp;c., to Monticello. I presume that I will remain in this section of the country, and I would most respectfully ask for an additional force of mounted men, say two regiments of cavalry and one regiment mounted infantry. With this force I am confident that I can protect all the country lying between New Orleans and Jackson Railroad and Port Hudson, Natchez, and Port Gibson. I doubt not that you are fully aware of the importance of holding this section of country; the supplies this country can afford is alone of vast importance. Should you decide to give me the additional force, please do not send an officer that will rank me (my commission as colonel dates 29th September, 1862). I have the confidence of the men under my command, and, perhaps, could accomplish more with them than any one else.well acquainted with the geography of the country. I do not think a smaller force can operate successfully, as a large scope of country is to be defended.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. L. LOGAN.

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

