
SELMA, July 27, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL, Chief of Staff:

The country is full of paroled men without furloughs. I doubt the policy of arresting them. Please give me instructions.

W. T. WALTHALL,

Major, Commanding Post.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. PAROLED PRIS., Demopolis, July 28, 1863.

Under instructions received from Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, of 27th instant, I assume command of all paroled prisoners at this point.

* * * * * * *

J. C. PEMBERTON
HEADQUARTERS, Demopolis, July 28, 1863.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS, Richmond:

Your dispatch of 27th received. The reports of my DIVISION commanders have not yet come in. My report shall be as full and as prompt as possible. Have never see the communication referred to by you in the Mercury of the 22nd; am endeavoring to obtain the paper. Would it not be well for me to ask for a court of inquiry as to my official acts since in command of this department?

J. C. PEMBERTON.

HEADQUARTERS, Demopolis, July 28, 1863.

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES, Commanding:

GENERAL: I have the honor the request that you furnish to the Arkansas troops belonging to this department, under command of Colonel [T. P.] Dockery, the subsistence they may require; also any transportation that may be required upon the movement of the troops to this side of the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

HDQRS. FIFTH MIL. DIST., DEPT. MISS. AND E. La.,Grenada, July 28, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL, A. A. G., DEPT. of the West, Morton, MISS.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your two letters of the 23rd instant, with accompanying package of papers.

I have a small force observing the movements of the enemy on the Yazoo River and the Mississippi Central Railroad, and will increase it, if necessary. They report that on yesterday there was no enemy at Yazoo City, and that all is quiet in that quarter. It is reported that there is no enemy at Jackson or Canton.

Yazoo City was evacuated before I received the order extending my command over it, and I have received no report of operations from the officer in command. The only communication I have received from him was a telegraphic dispatch, dated July 11, in which he states that his communication with General Johnston was cut off, and that he would retreat via Greenwood, and asks if he could form a junction with me. Not having at that time any authority to control him, I replied that he could join me by coming to this place, but since then I have heard

