
could, by aid of the railroad, be brought to defend the respective cities of Montgomery and Selma, and yet be so situated that you could command them as you might them elsewhere.

Your military skill and experience will enable you best to decide in what manner to prepare to resist the apprehended raid with the smallest detriment or peril to the service in other quarters, and, with the suggestion I have ventured to make, I leave the subject in your hands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. GILL SHORTER.

MOBILE, July 29, 1863.

General COOPER:

Many conscripts keep out of service on plea of being in militia, under authority of War Department. The militia won't serve. I suggest, therefore, that the above authority be revoked, and conscripts put in the army.

J. E. Johnston.

RICHMOND, VA., July 29, 1863.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE, Morton, MISS:

Do the necessities of your situation allow any, and what portion of the forces under your immediate command to be sent to the aid of General Bragg? Prepare such force, if disposable, for early movement. In General Johnston's absence, I telegraph you direct.

J. A. SEDDON.
HDQRS. FIFTH MILL. DIST., DEPT. MISS. AND E. La.

Grenada, July 29, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL, Asst. Adjt. General DEPT. of the West:

COLONEL: I regret to say that I am informed that there is some disaffection among the people in the northern part of this State, and that a few persons are openly advocating the policy of reconstruction. Is it advisable to attempt to suppress such expressions of sentiment; and, if so, what course shall I pursue toward persons who are guilty of using them?*

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAMES R. CHALMERS.

BRANDON, July 29, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL, Asst. Adjt. General, DEPT. of the West:

The undersigned have performed the duties assigned them by Special Orders, Numbers 107, from General Chalmers, and report as follow:

Amount of damages done the three roads, viz, Mississippi Central, New Orleans, Jackson and Great Northern Railroad, and the Southern Railroad, is very heavy. On the Mississippi Central about 800 feet bridging is destroyed, and but little damage done the track. On the New Orleans, Jackson and Great Northern Railroad, 13 miles of the track are torn up, the ties burned, and iron bent. Fourteen bridges burned. On the Southern road all the heavy bridging over Pearl River and in the bottom is burned, and, as far as we can ascertain, not more than 3 miles of the track have been torn up. We are of the opinion that

---------------

*See Lamar to Chalmers, August 9, p. 1051

---------------

