
our families outcasts and beggars. There are enough men in this district, who are capable of bearing arms, to repel any attack, and let no one hesitate. Let every man who is liable to conscription come forward at once, and take their places in the ranks by the side of their brothers.

Let those who are exempt from conscription organize themselves into companies for local defense, under the act of Congress, and stand up like men for the homes, of their wives and children and the property for which they have labored. They may arm themselves with such weapons as they can procure, and ammunition will be furnished them by the Government. Let all soldiers who are absent from their commands report at once to this place. To those who are "absent without leave," and who respond promptly to this call, the brigadier-general commanding promises to recommend a full pardon for their absence.

Let every man and boy who is handle a gun rally at once for the defense of Mississippi. The blazing towns, the desolate farms the plundered citizens, the outraged women who mark the path of the enemy wherever they have gone, warn you what to expect if they are allowed to succeed here.

It is for you to determine whether you will patiently submit to these miseries, or rise in your might to repel them.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN.

Assistant Adjutant-General
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE. Numbers 184 Richmond, August 4, 1863.

* * * * * * *

XX. By direction of the President, a court of inquiry, to consist of three members, will convene at Montgomery, Ala., on the 15th of August, 1863, or as soon thereafter as practicable, to inquire into the events of the campaigns of Mississippi and Eastern Louisiana during the months of May, June, and July last, and especially as to the surrender of Vicksburg of Port Hudson, and the evacuation of Jackson. * The court will report the facts, together with their opinion on the merits of the case, and the proximate causes which led to the result.

Detail of the court: Major General R. Ransom, Jr.: Brigadier General Howell Cobb; Brigadier General John Echols. Major W. S. Barton, assistant adjutant-general, is appointed judge-advocate of the court, to record the proceedings.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 17. Morton, MISS., August 5, 1863.

Officers on conscript service, or under orders from Brigadier-General Pillow, chief of conscription for the States of Tennessee, Alabama, and

---------------

*By Special Orders, of August 8, the court was authorized to adjourn from place to place; on August 24, it was ordered to assemble at Atlanta; and, on September 8, it was ordered to "suspend its sessions until further orders" from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office.

---------------

