
Mississippi, will not be molested while in the discharge of their duty within the limits of this department.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIFTH MIL. DIST., DEPT. MISS., AND E. ALA.,Grenada, August 5, 1863.

Colonel W. F. SLEMONS, Commanding,&amp;c., at Panola:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to say to you that if the enemy should advance upon Panola in such force as to render it impossible for you to defend it, you will fall back to this place. In retreating, the regular cavalry will be kept in front of the enemy, and will annoy him by skirmishers (one company being engaged at a time) as often as the nature of the ground will admit. The State troops and partisans will be thrown out on his flanks and rear, with orders to fire into him as often as possible by day or night, and to harass his movements by every means in their power.

If at any time an engagement takes place between the enemy and the main body of our forces, those upon his flanks will press him vigorously.

I am, &c, your obedient servant,

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, August 6, 1863.

General Johnston:

In answer to your dispatch of 2nd instant, I have to state that the paroled prisoners, for whom we may have reasonable hope that they may be shortly exchanged, had better be retained in camp. The sick and wounded who cannot soon be returned to duty may be allowed to go on furlough.

S. COOPER.

RICHMOND, August 6, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston:

Cannot you direct the engineer of your command to rebuild temporarily and promptly the bridge over Pearl River, at Jackson, with a view to saving the rolling-stock and a portion of the iron rails of the Mississippi Central Railroad? Those articles will be of great value to the Confederacy.

J. F. GILMER,

Colonel Engineers.

MOBILE, ALA., August 6, 1863.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP, Commissary-General, Richmond:

COLONEL: Inclosed are my cash vouchers for the quarter ending 30th June, 1863. I inclose also a detailed statement of everything important connected with provisioning Vicksburg and Port Hudson. * I am induced to inclose the latter statement for the reason that all offi-

---------------

*Not found; but see pp. 867-869.

---------------

