
vous at Camden, Ark. Can I send a few Arkansas troops paroled at Port Hudson to that place?

J. C. PEMBERTON.

RICHMOND, August 8, 1863.

General Johnston:

I cannot describe the line between your department and General Bragg's more definitely than is set forth in Special Orders, Numbers 176, current series, modified by Paragraph VIII, Special Orders, Numbers 184, and my telegram of 31st ultimo.

S. COOPER.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ENGINEER BUREAU,

Richmond, Va., August 8, 1863.,

General JOSEPH E. Johnston,

Comdg. Western Department, Enterprise, MISS.:

GENERAL; To keep in repair the main lines of railroad essential to the support and transportation of our armies, iron, rails, and rolling-stock must be obtained from every available source. Will it be possible for the engineers in your department to build a temporary bridge over the Pear River, at Jackson, and make such other repairs as will enable them to save the engines, cars, and a part of the rails from the Mississippi Central road? Major [Minor] Meriweather, Captain [J. A.] Porter, and other engineers with your command have had much experience as civil engineers, and can direct all the operations, if by your authority the requisite labor and materials can be obtained. It is hoped slave labor can be obtained; if not, the work might possibly be accomplished by details from the troops.

Will you please to inform this bureau whether the branch railroad to Marion, Ala., known as the Cahaba,, Marion and Greensborough road, is important in any way to the operations of the army under your command? If not, the want of railroad bars for repairing the main lines is so great, it is proposed to remove the iron from the branch.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. GILMER,

Colonel of Engineers and Chief of Bureau.
HEADQUARTERS, Morton, MISS., August 8, 1863.

Brigadier-General JACKSON, Commanding:

GENERAL: As the inclosed report shows that our cavalry can find subsistence in the districts referred to, General Johnston directs that you occupy the country south of the Jackson and Vicksburg road with a strong body of cavalry, and north of that road with another. the first-named to send a strong reconnoitering party near the Mississippi River, at Grand Gulf, to go down by Rodney, as near as may be safe to Natchez, to burn cotton, awe unruly negroes, and give confidence to inhabitants.

By command of General Johnston:

T. B. LAMAR,Assistant Adjutant-General.

