SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS. Numbers 150. Morton, MISS., August 8, 1863

* * * * * * *

II. Brigadier-General Jackson and his cavalry command will move to the WEST side of Pearl River. He will select some suitable point for his headquarters.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, ARMY OF Mississippi,

Near Morton, MISS., August 8, 1863.

Colonel EWELL, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report upon an inspection of the artillery of this army, made by me in compliance with orders from the general commanding:

Horses. - With the exception of those of Breckinridge's DIVISION, those of one battery (Croft's) of the reserve artillery, those of one (Martin's) of Walker's DIVISION, of one (Jeter's) of French's DIVISION, those of two (Culbertson's and Charpentier's) of Loring's DIVISION, the artillery horses are in low condition, but had they the full ration of corn, with the rest they now enjoy, they would recuperate. There is universal complaint among the commanding officers of batteries, both of the irregularity of the supply and the short allowance of forage received by them; Loring's DIVISION being the only one in which there is less complaint, his batteries generally receiving 12 pounds of corn. One battery of the reserve (Durrive's) is drawn by horses and mules, there being only 36 of the former. One battery (Moore's) of Walker's DIVISION is also deficient in horses.

Ammunition. - There is no great deficiency in any of the batteries, except a deficit of 257 rounds 20-pounder Parrott ammunition, for which requisition has been made, as well as for all ordnance stores needed in nearly all the batteries; those commanding officers who have not made requisition have been ordered to do so at once.

Harness. - The harness was found in good order except in Moore's and Barry's batteries; it all needs oil. Curry-combs, brushes, horse-shoes and nails are very much needed; a very great deficiency existing in the two last-named articles.

Carriages. - The gun-carriages and caissons are in good order, except one carriage in Fenner's battery, and one caisson and carriage in Moore's. In Loring's DIVISION there are four batteries; in Walker's three present, one at Hillsborough recruiting, and one with Brigadier-General Gregg at Enterprise; the remaining DIVISIONS have three batteries each.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. HOXTON,

Major and Acting Chief of Artillery.

DEMOPOLIS, August 8, 1863.

Captain [J. H.] MORRISON, Aide-de-Cam:

I do not think sufficient time has been given the colonels to notify all their troops of the expiration of their furloughs. I think they can

