
MORTON, August 17, 1863. (Received Richmond, August 19.)

General [S.] COOPER:

I have received a copy of Special Orders, Numbers 184, directing a court of inquiry to meet at Montgomery on 15th instant.

I respectfully suggest that as the investigation ordered cannot be full without my constant presence., which would make attendance to command of department impossible, it be postponed until my duties, in the opinion of the War Department, will not prevent my attendance.

J. E. Johnston.

RICHMOND, VA., August 20, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston:

You will be relieved from duty with your command while your constant presence is necessary with the court of inquiry, and will turn over your command to the next ranking officer, Lieutenant-General Hardee.

S. COOPER.

GAINESVILLE, August 20, 1863

PRESIDENT COURT OF INQUIRY, Montgomery, Ala.:

I have received no official notification of the court of inquiry, and hope no proceedings will be taken until I am present.

J. C. PEMBERTON.
HDQRS. PAROLED PRISONERS, Demopolis, August 27, 1863.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith a partial list of prisoners paroled at Vicksburg. * Major General M. L. Smith was left at that place, with orders to obtain complete rolls of all prisoners paroled there, and to transmit them to me. The result, as shown by the inclosed communication from Major Devereux, assistant adjutant-general, has been a failure, nearly all the rolls having been lost. Every effort has been and will be made to recover them, which failing, I see no means of replacing them except by obtaining copies of their lists from the Federal authorities.

I am, general very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON.

[Inclosure.]

DEMOPOLIS, ALA., August 25, 1863.

Major R. R. HUTCHINSON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAJOR: I have the honor to respectfully report that Major-General Smith, being at present confined to his room by sickness, and having been equally unwell since his departure from Vicksburg sends me to communicate to you the fact of his having accomplished the purpose for which he was ordered to remain in Vicksburg; that all the sick and wounded whose condition allowed of their removal were sent to Mobile by water transportation, and that the number who were not in condition.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

