
to be removed amounted to about 400. A sufficient number of medical officers were retained at Vicksburg to care for our sick. Surgeon Darling, the senior surgeon, was instructed to move the convalescent from the enemy's lines as rapidly as their numbers made such removals practicable. It is impossible to furnish the details of the dispositions made of the sick, &amp;c., as the papers containing them, I regret to say, were lost at Mobile. I have the honor to transmit herewith the rolls of part of the sick paroled. The rolls of the remainder of the paroled were unfortunately lost with the documents referred to above. When the baggage and the general and his staff were transferred from the steamer Keys to the wharf at Mobile, the box containing them was taken by some unauthorized person, and not delivered. After the most diligent search and inquiry, the publication of the loss in the newspaper, the offer of a large reward, a personal inspection of the steamboat and railroad depots, public and private warehouses, express offices, public and private wharves, the hotels and hospitals, and after consultation with the quartermaster, the police, and the wharf-master, the services of a detective having proved unsuccessful, the search was abandoned as ineffectual. Selma, Montgomery, Point Clear, and Fort Morgan were embraced in the search, but without success. I have reported these matters verbally to Major-General Stevenson, who, after communicating with Lieutenant General Pemberton, has ordered me to Richmond, whither I proceed to-day, to confer with Mr. Commissioner Ould in regard to the Missing papers.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. DEVEREUX,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Organization of the Confederate Army of Vicksburg, Demopolis, Ala.,

August 29. *

STEVENSON'S DIVISION.

Barton's Brigade.

40th Georgia

41st Georgia

42nd Georgia

43rd Georgia

52nd Georgia

Lee's Brigade

20th Alabama.

23rd Alabama

30th Alabama

31st Alabama.

46th Alabama.

Cumming's Brigade.

34th Georgia

36th Georgia

39th Georgia

56th Georgia

57th Georgia

[A. W.] Reynolds' Brigade.

3rd Tennessee (Provisional Army)

31st Tennessee

43rd Tennessee

59th Tennessee

Artillery.

Botetourt (Virginia) Artillery.

Cherokee (Georgia) Artillery.

3rd Maryland Battery.

Waddell's (Alabama) battery.

---------------

*According to memorandum found in the Pemberton papers; but see Colonel Steever's memorandum, p. 1060

---------------

