
MONTGOMERY, ALA., September 12, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond:

I inclose you to-day an article published by Lieutenant-General Pemberton's adjutant-general, in which it is asserted that officer's official report of his campaign has been made. As it should have been made to me, I respectfully, request that, if it has been received, you have it transmitted to me.

J. E. Johnston.

MONTGOMERY, September 12, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector GENERAL:

SIR: I respectfully transmit herewith two articles published in a newspaper of this city by Lieutenant-General Pemberton's assistant adjutant-general, W. H. McCardle.

My object in doing so is not to bring to the notice of the War Department the official impropriety of such a publication at a time when an investigation of the matters in question had been ordered by the President, but to point out an untruth and a great exaggeration by this anonymous writer.

The first is the assertion that the battle of Baker's Creek was fought "in obedience to positive orders. "

Lieutenant-General Pemberton had received but one positive order from me. That was to march 20 miles to the east, to attack, in conjunction with our troops at Jackson, a Federal force at Clinton. He reported to me his determination not to obey, but to substitute a movement 9 1/2 miles southward. Some three hours before the engagement, be acknowledged the receipt an hour and a half before of a note desiring him to move to the north of the railroad, that our troops might unite. He expressed no intention of fighting, and said nothing of the probability of an action.

The SECOND is the statement that---

Major-General Van Dorn took, 6,000 cavalry from the Department of Mississippi to that of Tennessee.

Lieutenant-General Pemberton was desired to order Major-General Van Dorn to report to me with the cavalry he had led to Holly Springs, which was about 3,000. The number was increased by Lieutenant-General Pemberton, but I suppose not more than 1,000, as his effective total in Tennessee was generally about 3,200.

I therefore accuse this officer of publishing a false statement of a military matter about to be investigated by a military court. His position in the Adjutant-General's Department makes it certain that his MISSTATEMENTS were intentional.

J. E. Johnston.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted to the President for his information.

S. COOPER.

SEPTEMBER 20, 1863.,

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

General Johnston's charges against an officer of his command should be tried by a court. General Beauregard's report will be referred to Ordnance Bureau.

J. D. [DAVIS.]

Received September 22.

