
fight a battle every week and always conquer, but their battles are fought on street-corners and in bar-rooms, and consequently bloodless. Military critics, too, we have, "thick as leaves in Vallombrosa," but they take especial pains to keep their precious bodies out of harms way. To these warriors and critics it is nothing that a soldier's reputation is murdered, his name blasted, and his future blighted-their "withers are unwrung. "

One journal, perhaps, your own, Mr. Editor, pronounced the siege of Vicksburg a miserable farce, and dismissed it with contempt. I will not discuss the question with you as to the farcical character of that siege, though, perhaps, I was in a better position to judge than yourself. Be this as it may, the siege of Vicksburg is one of the memorable events the memory of which the world will not willingly let die. While the great river, for the mastery of which so many men have perished, shall continue to roll on in solemn grandeur to the sea, the city of Vicksburg and its heroic defenders will be remembered and honored; and when the mists of error, passion, and prejudice shall have been dispelled by the serene rays of truth, chiefest among those deserving of honor will be found the name of John C. Pemberton.

A PAROLED PRISONER.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] THE BATTLE OF BAKER'S CREEK AND GENERAL LORING.

[We are happy to see that the author of a letter published from the Mobile Advertiser and Register, containing some severe reflections upon General Loring and many other officers, has withdrawn the imputations upon this officer. - ED.]

Editor Advertiser:

SIR: In my communication, republished from the Mobile Advertiser and Register, I used the following language:

The battle of Baker's Creek was fought under protest, against his own judgment [meaning General Pemberton's], and in obedience to positive orders, and yet but for a panic on the part of Cumming's and a portion of Lee's brigades, and the unaccountable absence of Loring's DIVISION, even this disastrous affair would have been a victory.

It is due, not less to myself than to General Loring, to say that it was no part of my purpose to assail either his personal or military reputation, as I entertain a high respect for him as an officer and a gentleman, and the kindliest feelings for him as a man.

Information received since my article was written has satisfied me that the paragraph quoted above does him injustice; that he was where he should have been, on the field of battle, in accordance with orders, and I therefore cheerfully withdraw and regret its publication. This statement is due to justice and the character of a veteran soldier.

Very respectfully,

A PAROLED PRISONER.

MERIDIAN, October 6, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond:

An officer of high standing has informed me that Lieutenant-General Pemberton's report of his operations in May, June, and July has been sent to your office. As I was Lieutenant-General Pemberton's com-

