
because there are no supplies elsewhere within their reach, but because, through this much clamored-against order, the price has been kept within living range. This barrier to extortion broken down, supplies and prices will be as scarce and high in Mississippi as in Alabama.

All of which is respectfully submitted for consideration and the orders of the general commanding.

J. M. McMahon

Major and Quartermaster.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT Mississippi AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, February 16, 1863

Respectfully referred to Major L. Mims, chief quartermaster, for his remarks.

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton.

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

Jackson, February, 17, 1863.

Respectfully returned.

Major McMahon properly represents the spirit of annoyance and opposition that has characterized the Mobile and Ohio Railroad so far as compliance with the late orders of the lieutenant-general commanding, concerning shipment of corn, is concerned.

A special order to Major McMahon to inspect trains at Meridian and prevent shipments when in conflict with that order is positively required.

L. MIMS.

Major and Chief Q. M., DEPT. MISS., and East Louisiana.

VERONA, MISS.,

March 25, 1863.

General PEMBERTON:

GENERAL; W. J. Morris comes immediately from the enemy, and has had recent communication with Brigadier General John A. Logan, concerning which he states it is mostly his business to communicate with you. I send a guard with him, in order that there may be no risk in his doing us damage, if no good.

I hope you will give immediate attention to his statements. I am inclined to credit what he says, particularly in reference to Logan, of whose position and character I have learned somewhat heretofore.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. R. BARTEAU,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.,

[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT Mississippi AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, March 27, 1863.

Respectfully referred to General Adams, to whom this man is turned over for safe-keeping until he can be examined.

Please return this paper.

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General

