
swamps, now overflowed, could destroy the bridge over it. I do not think they dread anything in that shape or from that direction, and suggest it at this distance to the consideration of those who can judge better on the spot.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.

[Inclosure.]

LA GRANGE, TENN., March 13, 1863.

General HURLBUT:

Scouts in from below. Our fleet passed down Yazoo River some days ago, creating great consternation. Troops have been sent up Mississippi Central road. Everything in the shape of rolling stock had been sent WEST from Meridian. There is no doubt about preparations to evacuate.

C. S. HAMILTON.

(Same, Hurlbut to Halleck.)

LA GRANGE, TENN., March 13, 1863.

General HURLBUT:

Mobile and Jackson papers of 7th received. Pemberton gives no passes up Mississippi Central Railroad, and the papers indicate concentration of forces up Yazoo River.

C. S. HAMILTON.

CORINTH, MISS., March 14, 1863.

Major General C. S. HAMILTON:

One of our men has just got in from Jackson, six days on the road. Says up to time he left all troops had gone toward Vicksburg, and some more had come down from Grenada; that one DIVISION marched toward Yazoo City, but the thinks turned and went to Vicksburg. The trains go from Vicksburg loaded with sick and discharged soldiers. The scout has been in Jackson four weeks, and communicated often with our men. He got to Big Black, and says troops are on east side, but could discover no fortifications; that a week ago last Thursday a report came to Jackson that we were fighting, and they immediately pressed everybody into the service, citizens and all, and hurried them through; the transportation sent toward Vicksburg is on side track, ready for use, but that they will not leave until they find they are cut off. The rumor when he left was that an effort was to be made to take or cut off our Yazoo expedition, which had not then passed Yazoo City, but was coming down. He gives position of all troops east number.

G. M. DODGE.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLUMBUS, On Board Steamboat Bostona Numbers 2, Off Paris Landing, March 14, 1863.

Commander J. W. SHIRK,

Commanding Gunboat Tuscumbia:

CAPTAIN: Disappointed by not finding, as officially informed, Forts Henry and Heiman occupied by the rebels in force, and being thus de-

