
prived of the opportunity to unite in co-operation with your broad-giant, the Tuscumbia, in dislodging and capturing them, I have only the request that those of the gunboats which are intrusted to control the navigation on the Tennessee may ascend to the mouth of Duck River and destroy all ferry-boats and all means of crossing the rebels have collected or prepared. I will at the same time follow the rebels up the bluffs behind Fort Heiman, where your shots forced them away.

Fort Heiman I will reoccupy, leaving an adequate combined garrison to hold it. With the balance of my forces, I will return to Columbus by land.

The eager readiness of the navy to serve our country whenever opportunity offers makes it hardly necessary to request that the officer in command of the gunboat destined to remain on the Tennessee will give their hearty support to the small garrison I have to leave at Ford Heiman.

Thanking you for your efficient co-operation, and expecting soon to hear glorious news from the Tuscumbia before Vicksburg, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES TROOPS, near Saint Genevieve, Mo., March 14, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, Headquarters General Grant's Army, before Vicksburg:

SIR: By orders, of which the inclosed is a copy,* I am directed to proceed, on the arrival of transports, to join the forces under Major General U. S. Grant. This command consists of a little over 5,000 men, with one battery of rifled 6-pounders and two companies of cavalry, forming my escort and provost guard. Captain C. H. Dyer, assistant adjutant-general, who bears this communication, will present you with the return for the last ten days, and give what other information may be required. This command is part of the force which has during the past winter been operating under Brigadier-General Davidson in Southeastern Missouri. It comprises the whole of his First DIVISION, under Brigadier General William P. Benton, five regiments and one battery, and half his SECOND DIVISION, three Iowa regiments, under Colonel W. M. Stone, Twenty-SECOND Iowa. The whole will form what I suppose would be a small DIVISION in your army, but I do not like to reorganize, because I would, in forming two brigades, be obliged to reduce General Benton's command, and I prefer to wait till I am permanently assigned in your army. In the mean time General Benton's DIVISION is thoroughly organized for any immediate service, as is also the part of the DIVISION under Colonel Stone, which really consists of his original brigade. General Benton's date is April 28, 1862; mine is March 7, 1862. The troops are in find health and spirits, and pleased with the prospect of serving under General Grant. Welfley's battery, First Missouri Artillery, belongs to this command, but has been detached to Cape Girardeau. General Davidson promised that it should be returned to me, but I think it doubtful whether I get it. I hope the general will send orders where to report by the return of Captain Dyer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,E. A. CARR.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

