
LAKE PROVIDENCE, La., March 15, 1863.

Brigadier General John A. LOGAN, Comdg. THIRD DIVISION:

GENERAL: There not being boats enough available to take the whole of your DIVISION at one time, you will proceed with the First and SECOND Brigades to the entrance to Moon Lake, and if ground can be found in the vicinity suitable to disembark the troops, do so immediately, and send the boats back to this place, for the remainder of your command and a portion of General McArthur's.

As fast as boats arrive suitable for going through the Yazoo Pass into the Coldwater, you will embark your troops and push to the support of General Quinby. Your commissary and quartermaster's stores will be transferred to good, staunch boats, and also your ammunition. It is not advisable to have it all put on one boat, especially the last, but distributed on two or three boats, so that, in case of accident going through the Pass or down the river, we would not be seriously inconvenienced.

Take with you a good supply of intrenching tools. You will exercise your discretion about taking the large boats into Moon Lake, and also in selecting the point of debarkation. If the whole country should be overflowed, the men will probably have to remain on the boats they go up on, until suitable boats for the expedition arrive from the North. By the time you reach the entrance to Moon Lake, General Quinby will undoubtedly have selected a landing place on the Yazoo, which must be held until we can get our corps together, and ready for a farther advance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., March 15, 1863.

Major General C. S. HAMILTON, La Grange, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have telegraphed for 200 pack-saddles, for the use of Cornyn. How soon they will be here I do not know. I am also promised 1,500 cavalry horses for remount of our cavalry.

I desire that a battalion, or more, if necessary, of Grierson's cavalry be placed beyond Somerville, toward Covington, to be provided with the muster-rolls of [R. V.] Richardson's force, and to capture or kill the party.

I am assured by high Confederate authority that they act without and against orders, and are simply robbers, to be treated as such. The gang must be exterminated, and the sooner the better. This need not interfere with the preparations for the movement you speak of.

You will forward to me a report from Grierson, in detail, and let all captured property be stated and accounted for.

Forward to me, if you have received them, certain agreements found in his camp, between Richardson and cotton sellers, to pass cotton on conditions, which I am informed are there. I shall declare the entire gang outlaws, and will have no hesitation in bringing them to a drumhead court-martial. The prisoners received are not held as prisoners of war, but as robbers and murderers, and will be so treated.

Any deficiencies that must be supplied to render the cavalry efficient will be promptly forwarded on requisitions.

Your obedient servant,S. A. HURLBUT.

