
mand at Milliken's Bend, La., and report to Major General John A. McClernand, commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BEFORE Vicksburg, March 21, 1863.

Admiral D. G. FARRAGUT, Comdg. Gulf Squadron:

Hearing nothing from Admiral Porter, I have determined to send you a barge of coal from here. The barge will be cast adrift from the upper end of the canal at 10 o'clock to-night. Troops on the opposite side of the point will be on the lookout, and, should the barge run into the eddy, will start it adrift again.

Admiral Porter is in Deer Creek, or possibly in the Yazoo, below Yazoo City. I hope to hear from him this evening. As soon as I do, I will prepare dispatches for General Banks, and forward them to you. I have sent a force into the Yazoo River by the way of Yazoo Pass. Hearing of this force at Greenwood, MISS., and learning that the enemy were detaching a large force from Vicksburg to go and meet them, determined Admiral Porter to attempt to get gunboats in the rear of the enemy. I hope to hear of the success of this enterprise soon.

U. S. GRANT.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., Fifteenth A. C., Steele's Bayou, MISS., March 21, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel RAWLINS, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the First Brigade and all but one regiment of the SECOND have embarked up to 1 o'clock this day; 2. 30 p. m., the remaining regiment of the SECOND Brigade and three companies of the Forty-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, of the THIRD Brigade, are now embarking. The wagon and artillery road from the head of Muddy Bayou to this point will be completed by day after to-morrow.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,HUGH EWING.

HELENA, ARK., March 21, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. Dept. of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt this morning of your communications of the 17th, concerning the new aspect of affairs on the Yazoo.

Deeming it important for the furtherance of your designs, as therein explained, that General Smith should not be longer delayed at this end of Yazoo Pass, I have issued orders to him to join General Quinby as soon as possible, after securing a sufficient number of suitable transports. I inclose a copy of the order. * I have issued no detailed orders or instructions, not considering it my duty to interfere with your plans

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

