
or General Quinby's, but merely to extend all the aid in my power whenever and wherever possible, without such interference.

I am, general, very truly, your obedient servant,

B. M. PRENTISS.

STEAMER PRIMA DONNA, March 21, 1863.

Lieutenant Commander J. P. FOSTER, U. S. Navy,

Commanding Gunboat Fleet, Yazoo Expedition:

SIR: In view of the depressing effect which a virtual abandonment of the Yazoo expedition would have upon our army, our navy, and our country, I most earnestly request you to return with your fleet, notwithstanding its disabled condition, to your former position above Fort Greenwood.

I ask this in the hope that by land operations we may accomplish the reduction of the fort, and in the belief that the mere moral effect of the presence of the gunboats will go far to insure our success.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

I. F. QUINBY.

STEAMER PRIMA DONNA, March 21, 1863.

Brigadier General L. F. ROSS,

Commanding DIVISION, Thirteenth Corps:

GENERAL: You are hereby directed to return with your DIVISION to the position recently occupied by you above Fort Greenwood, MISS.

By order of Brigadier General I. F. Quinby:

M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HELENA, ARK., March 21, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your communication of the 19th. I am thankful for your good wishes toward General Ross, for whom I have continued to do all in my power, although I have not any charge or control of the Yazoo expedition, General Quinby being now in command on the Yazoo, and en route with two DIVISIONS for Greenwood, if he is not already there. But I have sent to General Ross supplies at various times by small and fast boats, and have (yesterday) sent him ammunition, and to-day forward the ordnance and stores received from you, expecting that it may pass General Quinby's fleet on the way and reach General Ross in time to be of service.

I have not considered General Ross in present danger, as I do not understand from his dispatches that the enemy could advantageously assume the offensive, but learning that he is getting short of ammunition, I have had these supplies and ordnance stores sent forward in haste, fearing lest delay might give the rebels an opportunity to re-enforce their fort, and then overpower him. I am not willing to permit any disaster on the Yazoo which could be averted by any co-operation on my part, and I am glad to learn that you entertain similar feelings.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

B. M. PRENTISS.

