
Send the troops down by brigades as rapidly as they can be embarked. Send Leggett's brigade first, as he is well provided with tools for building bridges, &amp;c., and is driving fellow.

Very respectfully,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

LAKE PROVIDENCE, La., March 22, 1863.

Captain A. R. EDDY,

Assistant Quartermaster, Memphis:

CAPTAIN: The steamboat Tigress takes up to-day 105 bales of cotton on account of the United States, and 104 bales on account of W. C. Wagley & Co., in accordance with the terms of a contract entered into between Captain John G. Klinck, chief quartermaster SEVENTEENTH Army Corps, and said Wagley. This is cotton that has been picked by the contrabands on plantations which have been deserted by their owners, under the supervision of said Wagley & Co., they paying all expenses of feeding the contrabands, picking, ginning, and baling the cotton, and delivering it on the levee, in consideration of which they are to have one-half and the Government the other. There will be some more cotton sent up on the same terms, and I will approve all the papers. The cotton, I presume, is not of the best quality, as it has been standing in the field so long that it is somewhat damaged.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JAS. B. McPHERSON.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Before Vicksburg, March 22, 1863.

Brigadier General B. M. PRENTISS,Commanding District of Eastern Arkansas, Helena, Ark.:

GENERAL: I am sending up to-day, per steamer Continental, some ordnance stores for the gunboats now near Greenwood. Please have these stores forwarded as soon as possible. Also send 20,000 rations from your stores for the use of the navy. They will either be replaced, or returns made for the infantry sharpshooters who are aboard these gunboats to cover the issue. If there are troops still at Moon Lake or in the vicinity of Helena to come down here, you can turn the Continental back to aid in bringing them down. If there are no troops to bring down, she can go up to Memphis and bring the mails and a load from there.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 18. Young's Point, La., March 22, 1863.

Surg. Madison Mills, U. S. Army, having reported for duty, is hereby announced as medical director for the department. All reports and returns required by existing orders and Army Regulations will be made to him at these headquarters.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

