
MEMPHIS, TENN., March 22, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

I inclose herewith copy of report of scouts from Corinth, which contains much information. *

General Asboth has returned to Columbus, having been up the Tennessee as far as Perryville, and destroyed or brought off all flats and skiffs on the river. He has left a garrison at Heiman, which I consider improper, and have ordered him to bring it to Paducah. I have no official report yet from him. It is reported from various sources that Chalmers has taken command in North Mississippi, and was to rendezvous at Senatobia. His probable force it is difficult to state; the "Grape-vine" reports it 15,000, and on the march for Memphis. It is to be hoped they may try it. My men are in good trim, and I will answer for the result. It may be that they will attack the road. Orders are out to exercise the most rigid caution, and to be constantly in a state of preparation. Thirty guerrillas yesterday broke the track 3 miles above Grand Junction, capturing the conductor, negroes, and train-men of the wood train, and escaped. Cavalry are out after them. A portion of Carr's DIVISION are here and will be forwarded. I find great difficulty in getting horses for cavalry and artillery. I need a remount of 1,500 for cavalry alone.

If the surgeons hitherto detailed from this corps are not absolutely required below, I hope they will be returned, as heavy draft are made from necessity on this corps for hospitals.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.

MEMPHIS, TENN., March 22, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. Dist. of the Tennessee:

SIR: Four days since General Prentiss sent his quartermaster and chief of artillery here to obtain boats, heavy guns, and heavy ammunition for the troops at Greenwood, in the Yazoo. I considered his statement so pressing that I sent him from the fort four 24-pounder siege guns, and filled the requisition for ammunition. I also sent down the boats.

Brigadier General A. P. Hovey had passed up the river to Saint Louis and Cincinnati, to look up transportation, under orders from General Prentiss. I should have stopped him, but he assured me that the orders were by your direction.

Captain Lyman, assistant quartermaster, has orders to seize and send forward every available boat. No exertions will be spared here to push this matter forward. I have telegraphed your message to Colonel Parsons.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.

BROWNSVILLE, March 22, 1863.

[Brigadier General Greenville M. DODGE, Comdg. Dist. of Corinth:]

DEAR GENERAL: I send by Captain Carmichael all the command but on squadron, which I retain to scout down both banks of Yellow Creek. We have had a detachment chasing Captain Dean with 5 men

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

9 R R-VOL XXIV, PT III

