
for two days, and do not like to leave him. I shall return either to-night or to-morrow, probably to-morrow noon.

I send by Captain Carmichael, as the result thus far of our expedition, 16 prisoners, with their horses and equipments. One is Jim Neal, one that always goes with Doc. Smith.

We had a skirmish with Warren's men yesterday morning. They skedaddle, and we captured 8 of their men. I hope to bring Smith and about 5 or 6 more men with men.

We did not cross Bear Creek, but have scouted the country completely this side of it. There are 800 men at Oakes', just across Bear Creek. There are 1,000 (regiments and battalions) at Cherokee, 6 miles from Bear Creek, and one regiment of infantry, about 600 men, at Tuscumbia, the whole under the command of Colonel [M. W.] Hannon. This is the precise disposition of the forces. I wish you would direct that not disposition be made of these prisoners until I return. I have some evidence against some of them.

In haste, truly, yours,

GEO. E. SPENCER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

IUKA, MISS., March 22, 1863.

Brigadier General Greenville M. DODGE, Comdg. Dist. of Corinth, MISS.:

GENERAL: Accompanying please find copy of a communication* addressed to Colonel Hannon, C. S. Army, at Tuscumbia, Ala., and General [S. a. m.] Wood's (of Florence, Ala.), reply,* in regard to the burning of the railroad bridges between this and Burnsville. I consider the general's letter labored, and capable of being construed according to the pleasure of the writer, and therefore have no inclination to continue a fruitless correspondence. My first impression upon receiving the general's letter was to send to Burnsville, by citizens' teams, all the United States hospital furniture as soon as possible, and burn the rations and medicines now on hand, with all the United States property I could not send; but I am reliably informed that the village is surrounded at no great distance by Confederate armed soldiery, and, as usual, have their "reporter" in town.

The above is respectfully submitted, and I await your reply.

Your most obedient servant,

A. B. STUART,

U. S. Vols., Medical Director Confederate Hospital at Iuka.

P. S. -Surg. D. C. Roberts, C. S. Army, has just returned from Tuscumbia, Ala., and, having read General Wood's letter to him, he requests permission to answer it, giving the substance of the cartel as ratified by Colonel Roddey, through Captain Kirkman, C. S. Army, when he and Captain Spencer, your assistant adjutant-general, met in this village. The request has been granted.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 81. Young's Point, La., March 22, 1863.

I. The Eighth DIVISION, Army of the Tennessee, Brigadier General John E. Smith commanding, will proceed immediately from its present encamp-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

