
not got through Rolling Fork. I cannot promise success to this expedition, but it is probable that, if it does get through, such consternation will be created among the inhabitants and the troops on the Yazoo that you will hear of it. Feeling great anxiety for your success or speedy return, if the object of the expedition should prove impracticable,

U. S. GRANT.

P. S. - if not sanguine of success, return immediately with your entire force and fleet. Banks is at Port Hudson, but, he writes, with a force inadequate to the task. If I now had the forces in the Yazoo River, upper and lower end, I could send an army corps to co-operate with Banks, and the two together would easily take the place and everything on the river from there to Warrenton, just below Vicksburg. The Lake Providence route through to Red River has proven a success, and it is by this route I would send them. I have neither transports nor gunboats suitable for this expedition, all of them being in the Yazoo.

LAKE PROVIDENCE, La., March 23, 1863.

Major-General SHERMAN, Commanding:

GENERAL: Day before yesterday I marched a brigade of infantry to Eagle Bend, and thence across to Steele's Bayou, with directions to hold themselves in readiness to move up the bayou to your support, if necessary. While at Eagle Bend I could not find out your exact locality, but seeing the smoke of steamboats in the direction of Rolling For moving from Deer Creek to the Sunflower, I have directed Captain Foster, with a small force of cavalry, to go across from Skipwith's Landing, a point on the river 15 miles above this, and communicate with you, if possible. He is instructed to examine particularly the character of the route and the practicability of re-enforcing you, if necessary, from here.

Hoping you are well and getting along prosperously, I am, most truly, your friend,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

LAKE PROVIDENCE, La., March 23, 1863.

Brigadier General John E. SMITH, Comdg. Eighth Div., near Helena, Ark.:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find copy of order from Major-General Grant, assigning your DIVISION to the SEVENTEENTH Army Corps. * You will embark your command as soon as possible, and report here for orders. I have not steamboats at my disposal now to send up for your command, so that you may experience a little delay in getting boats.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JAS. B. McPHERSON.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 19. Young's Point, La., March 23, 1863.

I. In pursuance of General Orders, Numbers 48, War Department, current series, Colonel George P. Ihrie, U. S. Army, and additional aide-de-camp, is hereby detailed and announced as commissary of musters for the Department of the Tennessee. All rolls and communications required under said orders will be sent through him at these headquarters.

---------------

*See Special Orders, Numbers 81, p. 130.

---------------

