
ance to-night. These vessels, when safely below, will, with the Albatross, according to an arrangement already made with the officer commanding the troops opposite Warrenton, convey the troops across to attack the batteries, while the flag-ship Hartford silences their guns. No small boats will, therefore, be needed for the purpose contemplated to-day.

Very respectfully,

W. D. CRANDALL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BOLIVAR, March 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN:

Colonel [Fielding] Hurst, with 100 WEST Tennessee Cavalry, is fighting about 400 at Pocahontas, and has sent for help. I send all I have, and have telegraphed to La Grange and Grand Junction to send a re-enforcement.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Before Vicksburg, March 24, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief, Washington:

GENERAL: I am led to believe, and think there is no doubt of the fact, that Major General C. S. Hamilton is making indirect efforts to get General McPherson removed from the command of his army corps, and to get the command himself. If this is so, I wish to enter my solemn protest. There is no comparison between the two as to their fitness for such a command. McPherson, from his activity, good sense, winning manners, and efforts to harmonize all parts of his command toward each other, and to preserve the same harmony toward all parts of this army, has made himself] the favorite with his men and officers and one of the most suitable corps commanders probably in any service. General Hamilton lacks these qualifications. As a soldier, I have no fault to find with him further than his natural jealous disposition, which influences his military conduct and acts prejudicially upon the service.

I inclose with this some correspondence between Generals Hurlbut and Hamilton, and which forms part of the grounds upon which I have felt it a duty to order the latter to the front, and shows partially the justness of what I here say of him.

I would respectfully ask to have this laid before the President.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,U. S. GRANT.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

MEMPHIS, March 11, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

SIR: I transmit to you the inclosed copies of telegrams received and their answers.

Major-General Hamilton seems disposed to provoke my good nature, to which there are limits. I have treated him with exceeding kindness, but mean fully to vindicate myself and the authority vested in me by the President and the major-general commanding department. I shall probably have to arrest General Hamilton, not on his account, but be-

