
me in the advance upon Corinth. He was the first man to discover the enemy's works, and immediately afterward he reported that he believed that the enemy had evacuated the place, and that the works were unoccupied. He accompanied the advance of my corps from Corinth to Bethel, to Jackson, Bolivar, Grand Junction, and La Grange, and performed very valuable services in extending our arms over all the country north of the Mississippi and Charleston Railroad and between the Tennessee and Mississippi Rivers.

During the months of October and November, 1862, he efficiently assisted in forwarding for the Vicksburg expedition and other purposes nearly 50,000 troops from the States of Indiana, Iowa, and Illinois. He descended the Mississippi River with me until we found the Vicksburg expedition returning, and then he accompanied me up the Arkansas River to Post of Arkansas, where, the night before the battle, he pushed a reconnaissance up to the enemy's barracks, within half a mile of the fort, and captured some 80 prisoners. Next day his wisdom and activity proved eminently useful, as usual. Returning to this point, his enterprise and zeal, which, together with his quick sagacity and good judgment, were his great military virtues, at last brought him at an unhappy moment to a soldier's grave.

Then Wallace and Hogg and McCullough and Stewart the State of Illinois has lost no nobler or braver sons. They were fit to be ranked among her jewels, these beloved memorials of her blood-bought glory.

Without wife or children, living only for his State and country, and having heroically fallen in their service, I have deemed it proper to send the remains of Colonel Stewart, with this communication, to you, with the request that his body be buried with military honors in Oakwood Cemetery, north of Springfield. It is fitting that the remains of such a personage should find interment near the capital of the State he loved so well.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McClernand.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Number 10. Memphis, Tenn., January 26, 1863.

I. It being a violation of the provisions of the Dix-Hill cartel to parole prisoners at any other points than those designated in said cartel, except by agreement between the generals commanding the opposing forces, no paroles hereafter given to Federal soldiers, in violation of such provisions of cartel, will be respected.

II. Officers or soldiers who, by straggling from their commands, are captured and paroled, will at once be arrested and brought to trial before a court-martial.

III. Guerrillas, or Southern soldiers caught in the uniforms of Federal soldiers, will not be treated as organized bodies of the enemy, but will be closely confined and held for the action of the War Department. Those caught within the lines of the Federal army in such uniforms or in citizens' dress will be treated as spies.

IV. Officers, soldiers, and citizens are prohibited from purchasing horses, mules, or military clothing from any one connected with the army without special authority, in order that improper and dishonest appropriation of captured property may be prevented. Commanding officers will exercise vigilance in enforcing this order, and report every violation of it, to the end that offenders may be summarily punished.

