
content to do my duty until the matter of rank as major-general should be authoritatively decided.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. HAMILTON,

Brigadier-General.

[Sub-Inclosure Numbers 2.]

GERMANTOWN, TENN., March 5, 1863.

Captain R. M. SAWYER, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

CAPTAIN: On the 3rd day of January last, I arrived at Moscow, Tenn., from Holly Springs, MISS., with my command, consisting of the Seventh Kansas Cavalry and ten companies of the Fourth Illinois Cavalry. I had few rations, and subsisted on the country.

On the 5th of January, I was directed to move north of Wolf River, and endeavor to clear that country of Richardson's (Confederate) cavalry.

At 10 a. m. of that day I moved, meeting with much delay in crossing Wolf River.

Distant 7 miles from Moscow, I received the following telegram:

HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, La Grange, January 2, 1863.

Colonel LEE, Moscow:

The following just received:

HOLLY SPRINGS.

Let Lee collect horses, mules, saddles, and bridles, and mount as many infantry as possible, to clean out guerrillas between Hatchie and Tallahatchee.

U. S. GRANT.

Take all serviceable animals you can find as well as saddles, and we will soon fit up a force.

C. S. HAMILTON.

I immediately detached companies from my column, directing them to bring in all horses, mules, saddles, and bridles fit for use.

At 7 p. m. I bivouacked at a plantation 6 miles from the town of Somerville. It was rumored that the enemy was in small force at that place, and I gave orders to move at 3 a. m. on the following morning, hoping to surprise and capture any force there. We had marched some miles after dark, and I was satisfied that no one in advance of us knew of our presence in the vicinity. No fires were allowed, and the men were forced to lie down supperless. Soon a severe rain-storm commenced, and continued all night.

At 3 a. m. I moved my command on Somerville. We reached and surrounded that town before day, finding no force of the enemy.

I immediately appointed Lieutenant-Colonel Herrick, of the Seventh Kansas, provost-marshal of the town, placed six companies at his disposal, and directed him to examine and search the town for Confederate officers and soldiers; also to gather all horses, mules, and equipments they could find.

I here was informed that Richardson's force was camped about 12 miles north of this point. I immediately sent a force in that direction to learn the accuracy of the report.

I also dispatched companies on all roads leading from the town, directing them to bring in all animals fit for service which they could find.

In town many citizens were arrested suspected of connection with the Southern Army. These I personally examined and released.

The people of the town treated the soldiers well, and offered them in singular profusion wines and liquors of all kinds. The town was liter-

