
command was paraded, and sentences of the courts, depriving more than 200 of one month's pay, and inflicting further punishments, were published.

At my request, a general court-martial was immediately called to try the graver offenses, which has continued to session till a recent date. Regarding this unfortunate expedition, I can only say, in mitigation of its excesses, for more than a month immediately preceding these troops had been engaged in the most arduous, dangerous, and fatiguing service, and during most of that time had subsisted alone on what could be gleaned from the country. They were almost worn out. The absence of two successive meals, and the suffering incident to the severe exposure of the night previous, induced them readily to drink, and the liquor was necessarily speedy in its effects. Before any one could suspect the possibility of such an event, numbers were drunk.

In our campaigns we have, with this single exception, never found in country or town intoxicating drinks. Its present scarcity in the South is proverbial; hence no special precautions suggested themselves to prevent inebriety.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

A. L. LEE,

Colonel, Commanding SECOND Brigade, Cavalry DIVISION.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP HARTFORD, March 25, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. Department of the Tennessee:

DEAR GENERAL: I have this moment received your kind note, and, like yourself, deeply regret the failure of the rams to reach me in order. I blame myself very much for not insisting on General Ellet's waiting for a dark night. I was so much afraid of their impetuosity that it deprived me of sleep all night, but I never for a moment supposed that he would come down in the day-time. The Switzerland is not much injured. My engineers inform me her boilers can be repaired in four days, but unless she goes below Warrenton to make her repairs, she will be blockaded, so as to have to run it in the night. As the enemy is working very industriously to mount heavy guns, I have shelled them three or four times very heavily, but with very slight effect, as they lie down until we are finished, and then get up and work industriously again. My isolated position renders it necessary that I should be very careful of my ship, and hence I will drop down below the town until I know the result of your determination on the subject of attacking it. My idea was to have landed your men in the Switzerland and covered the landing with my ship. I understand they have re-enforced their garrison some 200 men to-day. I do not know the difficulties of our carrying the rifle-pits as well as those who have carried them. I regret exceedingly, general, that the only time I have felt the time at my disposal, I was too unwell to take the trip up to see you, but I would have been delighted to have seen you on board at any time, and hope yet to have the pleasure of meeting you in this part of the world. I feel, however, that even now that I am absent from Red River is a serious loss to our country and our cause.

Permit me to repeat my sincere thanks for your kindness in affording me every facility in your power since my arrival here.

Wishing you every success in all your undertakings, I remain, very truly, your obedient servant,

D. G. FARRAGUT.

