HEADQUARTERS YAZOO EXPEDITION, Tallahatchee River, MISS., March 25, 1863.

The within protest is respectfully referred to the major-general commanding the Department of the Tennessee. I am informed that Brigadier-General Fisk was opposed to this expedition from the beginning, and it is not probable, to say the least, that he discouraged the determination of Lieutenant-Commander Foster, in the interview to which he refers, to withdraw his gunboat fleet on or before the 1st proximo.

I. F. QUINBY.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Lake Providence, La., March 25, 1863.

Captain FOSTER, Commanding Escort:

CAPTAIN: You will proceed on board steamboat Platte Valley, with your company, General McArthur's escort company, and General Logan's escort company, armed, equipped, and provided with three days' rations. At General Logan's camp you will receive on board a regiment of infantry, in addition, and there cross over to Skipwith's Landing. Disembarking at this point, you will strike for Deer Creek, at the junction of Rolling Fork, via Lake Washington and La Fayette, and communicate with Major-General Sherman. Having accomplished this, you will return, examining particularly the character of the roads, crossings of streams, and practicability of moving troops from Skipwith's Landing to join General Sherman. Exercise strict and judicious control over your men, and see that there is no straggling nor marauding. Keep a close watch for the enemy, and don't get drawn into an ambuscade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAS. B. McPHERSON.

LAKE PROVIDENCE, La., March 25, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

COLONEL: Brigadier-General Benton's command (a part of General Carr's), consisting of four regiments and a battery, has just arrived, under orders from General Prentiss, at Helena, to report to Lake Providence. Thinking there is some mistake, as I understood General Grant to say that General Carr would be assigned to General McClernand, I have directed General Benton to disembark his men and horses, as they have been on boats over a week, leaving his artillery, stores, &amp;c., on board until I can hear from you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

MARCH 25, 1863.

Colonel John A. RAWLINS, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

COLONEL: I hand you late rebel papers, which I obtained via underground railroad. Important news in them. I also have direct information from Vicksburg that the rebels have burst the heavy gun with which they were firing upon the dredge-boats in the canal, and were yesterday drawing her into Vicksburg to cut her off and make a mortar

10 R R-VOL XXIV, PT III

