
V. Steamboats are prohibited from carrying stock of any description north without permits granted by DIVISION or army corps commanders or the provost-marshal-general, and violations of this restriction will be punished at the discretion of a military commission.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Number 26. Memphis, Tenn., January 26, 1863.

The bars on all boats in Government service in this department will be closed, and no spirituous, vinous, or malt liquors will be allowed to be sold on boats or in the camps. Card-playing and gaming is also strictly prohibited.

It is made the special duty of provost-marshals and of all commissioned officers, guards, and patrols to see that this order is enforced, and to arrest all parties found violating the same and deliver them over to the nearest commanding officer, by whom they will be punished at the discretion of court-martial or military commission. Boats violating this order will have their bar stores and turned over to the medical purveyor for the use of the army.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Number 7. Camp before Vicksburg, January 26, 1863.

The commanding general of the Fifteenth Army Corps now expects every officer and man of his corps to be a soldier, watchful, careful of his own personal wants and safety, and jealous of the safety, honor, and name of his regiment and corps. Nothing so elevates the character of an army and gives it health, compactness, and ability to strike strong blows as guard duty well performed.

Our camps must be inclosed by a close line of sentinels and an outside line of pickets and supports, according to the nature of the ground.

We are threatened day and night by as intelligent, desperate, and cunning an enemy as ever existed, and if we make a single mistake or neglect to guard any point, advantage will surely be taken of it, and it will cost us lives.

The First DIVISION will guard the space from Mrs. Grove's house across the swamp to Bigg's plantation, and up the levee to the old gate-post near Ewing's present right. The SECOND DIVISION will guard from that same point of the levee to the canal, and along the canal to the upper levee, and along it to Mrs. Grove's house.

The First DIVISION will picket down the river habitually to Johnson's plantation, and send scouts as much farther as from time to time the DIVISION commander may order; and the SECOND DIVISION will picket up toward Vicksburg as closely as possible, so as to watch the movements of the enemy. This guard and picket must be regularly detailed, and posted daily, and no volunteering will be allowed.

Commanders of DIVISIONS and brigades may send select scouts to do particular work, but the guard duty must be a positive detail, with men and officers responsible all the time. Details for guards will be by companies,

