
may do so. As they are mounted, however, and no more mounted men are required here, it may not be advisable to send it. Feeling every desire to gratify General McClernand in every possible [way] consistently with the good of the service, I leave this with you, with the understanding that McClernand can send you a very poor new regiment in place of the Eighteenth. I may not want Lauman's DIVISION at all; but if I do send for it, it will be in an emergency, and will want it to move with the greatest promptness, leaving baggage in charge of details from each regiment to follow.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT.

MEMPHIS, March 29, 1863.

General KIMBALL, Jackson:

Keep close watch on the Tennessee, near mouth of Duck River. Communicate freely with Dodge, but always in cipher.

S. A. HURLBUT.

COLUMBUS, KY., March 29, 1863.

H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Fort Heiman having been transferred to the Department of the Cumberland and subsequently abandoned, its garrison, with ten companies of cavalry, were withdraw to Fort Donelson, thus opening my district to easy aggression from the Tennessee State line. General Sullivan having also withdrawn his force to Jackson, I reoccupied Fort Heiman by General Hurlbut's command; and as my cavalry is greatly insufficient to control all the hostile country between the Tennessee and Mississippi-from Paducah to Paris, Tenn. - and prevent organization of rebel conscripts and guerrilla bands, General Hurlbut has promised a cavalry regiment up from Helena.

Learning, however, that the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, Colonel Waring commanding-a regiment organized by myself in 1861- is coming down from Saint Louis, I would request permission to retain it here in place of regiment to be sent me from Helena, this substitution saving time and transportation.

Colonel Waring, applied last fall, in behalf of his regiment, to be united with my command, and as the General-in-Chief has kindly given me at Washington assurance of such reunion as soon as practicable, I hope that this request may be granted. The southern telegraph being down, and the Fourth Missouri momentarily expected, I apply directly to the General-in-Chief, reporting this, my action, by boat to Memphis.

ASBOTH.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE. Numbers 88. Young's Point, La., March 29, 1863.

I. The quartermaster's department will furnish a suitable steamboat, to be called the "United States Sanitary Store-boat," and put the same in charge of the United States Sanitary Commission, to be used exclusively for the conveyance of goods calculated to prevent disease, and supplement the Government supply of stores for the relief of the sick and wounded.

II. No persons will be permitted to travel on said boat except officers

