
of the army and navy (and they only on permits form their proper commanding officers), discharged soldiers, and employees of the Sanitary Commission. No goods whatever for traveling or commercial purposes will be carried on said steamer, and no goods will be taken for individuals, or with any conditions which will prevent their being delivered to those most needing them in the army or navy.

III. The contents of all packages to be shipped on said United States Sanitary Store-boat will be inspected before shipment by an agent of said Sanitary Commission, at the point of shipment, unless an invoice of their contents shall have been received, the correctness of which is assured by the signature of some person of known loyalty and integrity. A statement showing what goods have been placed on board at each trip will be sent to the medical director of the department at these headquarters.

IV. A weekly statement will also be made by said Sanitary Commission to the department medical director, showing what sanitary supplies have been issued.

V. All orders from these headquarters authorizing the free transportation of sanitary stores from Cairo south on boats other than the one herein assigned for that exclusive purpose are hereby rescinded.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 52. Memphis, Tenn., March 29, 1863.

* * * * * * *

II. A cowardly and murderous attack has been made by guerrillas on a passenger train near Moscow, containing women, children, and citizens, resulting in the capture of part of the passengers and the robbery of all.

Notice was distinctly published on the 4th of January, 1863, by General Orders, Numbers 10, of the District of Memphis, that such an outrage would be retailed by the means therein described.

It is therefore ordered that Colonel D. C. Anthony, provost-marshal of the District of Memphis, forth with select, from the secessionists or rebel sympathizers within this city, then families of the greatest wealth and highest social position, and cause them to be sent south of the lines of the United States forces, not to return. These persons so selected will be allowed to take with them such personal property as may be necessary. Three days will be allowed them after notice to make necessary preparations.

Colonel Anthony will report the list to these headquarters, and also his final action on this order.

By order of Major General S. A. HURLBUT,HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., March 30, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

I inclose last telegram from Dodge. It is important that he should have another regiment of cavalry, so as to relieve Cornyn. The other cavalry with him is broken down in horses, and I am yet unable, with all my efforts, to get a remount from Saint Louis.

