
If there is any spare cavalry below, I with to re-enforce Dodge at Corinth and Kimball at Jackson, so as to meet any movement across the Tennessee. With the amount of cavalry now gathering on my front and left, it is important to meet them with their own arm, and thus cover the railroad by cavalry excursions.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.

[Inclosure.]

CORINTH, [March] 29, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Midshipman Henry Travis, of the sloop of war Mississippi, has arrived here on parole. He says that his ship run aground, and that they fought her one hour afterward; then all hands made the shore, after firing the ship. She floated down below and blew up. They took with him 46 men and the captain of marines. The ship was not struck until after she got ashore. Says the current turned their ship; that the batteries did not do them any harm, and that they could not depress their guns enough to do them much damage. The rest of officers and men are in Jackson.

A scout just in from Grenada road says only few militia at Grenada, but considerable force in Yazoo; that he heard cannonading up to Sunday night, and three guns Monday. Reports an increase of force on our front, mostly mounted only for infantry, and says that determined efforts are to made to break up our communications. There is no doubt but that the increase of cavalry is to break up our railroad, and the infantry are to relieve from railroad guard duty. No troops have been moved out of Vicksburg up to Wednesday night, except one brigade; that went toward Yazoo City. A great portion of the army is now east of Big Black.

G. M. DODGE.

CORINTH, MISS., March 30, 1863.

Captain HENRY BINMORE, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

CAPTAIN: The position of the enemy in my front has somewhat changed in the last week. Their line now stretches from the mouth of Bear Creek, on the Tennessee River, around through Verona to Pontotoc, and then westward to connect with roving bands near the Mississippi Central Railroad.

Brigadier General S. a. m. Wood, of rebel army, commands in Northern Alabama, having his headquarters at Florence. On this side of the river his forces are commanded by Colonel Hannon, of SIXTEENTH [FIFTY-THIRD] Alabama, and the entire command amounts to about 4,000 men, mounted and being mounted, with two batteries. They vigilantly guard the line of Bear Creek, and are putting their men in condition for a raid.

Next is Colonel [C. R.] Barteau's brigade of cavalry, at Verona. He has lately been re-enforced by cavalry. Infantry have relieved his men at Okolona and other points. His pickets extend this side of Baldwyn, and WEST of him is stretched out [T. W.] Ham and [W. C.] Falkner, he also making arrangements for a raid while on east side of river.

[N. N.] Cox, Roddey, and a small band of Van Dorn's force is in Hardin, Wayne, and other counties. They are collecting together stores, are also securing a number of flats in Horse Creek and Duck River, and are ready when the opportunity offers to cross.

