
It is my impression that Cox, Wood, and Barteau are all fixing to make a simultaneous raid on our communications and posts. They, however, cannot move without my knowledge, and I believe it is practicable for me to move on them and break them up.

If I had one more regiment of cavalry, I could move east or south, supporting with infantry and artillery, and break up all their plans, and whip them badly, should they deem it prudent to give me battle. If I should move south, I could push infantry and artillery to Pontotoc, and then use my cavalry in breaking up the force south, destroy their railroad, and I believe also break the railroad in rear of Grenada. It is certainly best for us to stop this contemplated raid, and the most effectual method is to make one of them. If the general could at the same time send down and threaten Grenada with a cavalry brigade, it would insure our success and put them back a long time. I respectfully request that you will call the general's attention to this matter. As soon as the stream fall, and the regiments they are now mounting are fully equipped, they will move; in the mean time I will endeavor to keep fully posted.

Scouts have come in from Jackson and Meridian Railroad, but there is no news of importance. They have a considerable force on the Yazoo, a few militia at Grenada, while most of the Vicksburg force is camped on Big Black or railroad leading to it, ariking distance of Vicksburg.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE.

CORINTH, March 30, 1863.

Brigadier-General KIMBALL, Jackson:

Colonel [N. N.] Cox commands a cavalry force on east side of river. Is now at Savannah and the mouth of Horse Creek. There is also a small force on Duck Creek River. The scouts say that they are preparing to cross, but I am not inclined to believe it. I keep a watch on the river from Hamburg to Clifton, and they cannot make the attempt there without my knowledge.

At Florence, General [S. a. m.] Wood, rebel army, commands, and has a considerable force on each side of river. Back from river, in Wayne County, there are about 1,000 cavalry stationed, and often heavy forces go there for provisions and forage.

In Horse Creek, Duck River, and other bayous they have flats hid, and have always had them. My scouts are continually on that side of river, and, if any movement is made, will notify you. If any is made near Duck River, should like to be informed.

G. M. DODGE.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, March 31, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee, near Vicksburg:

GENERAL: It is the policy of the Government to withdraw from the enemy as much productive labor as possible. So long as the rebels retain and employ their slaves in producing grains, &amp;c., they can employ

