HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Lake Providence, La., March 31, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of dispatches per steamboat Emperor.

General Smith's DIVISION reached here last night and to-day. It will be ordered down immediately.

I inclose the last dispatch which I have received from General Quinby. * Will send a messenger up to General Quinby by the first opportunity, directing him to come down as rapidly as possible. I have, within the last few days, had the passage from here to Bayou Macon thoroughly reconnoitered. Following the route indicated on a sketch recently sent you, the shallowest water is 3 1/2 feet; this at a point where you leave Bayou Baxter, and just before reaching Bayou Macon, a distance of from 250 to 300 yards, which could be dredged out in a short time. There are also twelve or FIFTEEN trees to be cut off under water, for which I have been waiting for the sawing-machine to come from Memphis, which Colonel Pride told me ought to have been [here] five days ago. After this work is done, the class of boats which navigated Yazoo River Pass can go through this route.

My report, with a copy of the map in my possession, with regard to Wallace's movements on the 6th of April, 1862, was sent to you by the steamboat Emperor, three days ago. If it does not come to hand, I can send you a copy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAS. B. McPHERSON.

LAKE PROVIDENCE, La., March 31, 1863.

Brigadier General I. F. QUINBY, Comdg. Yazoo Expedition:

GENERAL: Your dispatch* was received yesterday and a copy forwarded to Major-General Grant.

Since your dispatch was written, Lieutenant-Colonel Wilson has been down to see the general, and returned to the Yazoo, I presume, with orders for you. As I did not see Colonel Wilson, I do not know what the orders were.

Below is an extract from a letter received from General Grant this morning, from which I infer the Yazoo expedition is given up:

Have Quinby's two DIVISIONS come down yet? They should be got down as soon as possible.

General John E. Smith's DIVISION came down yesterday, and has been assigned to General Sherman's army corps. You will, therefore, general, bring your two DIVISIONS to this place as soon as possible.

With regard to everything you have done in connection with the expedition, it meets with my full approbation. I only regret that circumstances beyond your control have prevented the expedition from being as successful as we hoped.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

LAKE PROVIDENCE, La., March 31, 1863.

Brigadier General John E. SMITH, Comdg. Eighth DIVISION:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions from Major-General Grant, you will embark your DIVISION and proceed forthwith to Young's

---------------

*See Quinby to McPherson, March 28, Part I, p. 408.

---------------

