
including officers and men, and no one will be excused but the sick regularly reported at sick-call by the regimental surgeon, and the company cooks and teamsters. When a company is detailed for regular guard duty, it will be announced by the adjutant publicly in orders on parade the evening previous. One-fifth the command will be habitually on guard, viz: Two companies per regiment. These will be divided into brigade guard and DIVISION guard, and every morning at 9 there will be a regular brigade guard-mounting, when companies detailed will be assembled at the place appointed by their brigadier, inspected by the brigade officer of the day, and then marched to their post.

The DIVISION officer of the day will be responsible that the brigade guard of the DIVISION are properly posted, and that the chains of sentinels connect.

All officers of the day for brigades, DIVISIONS, and corps must be announced the day before in orders; must be mounted, sash worn, so as to distinguish them, and must give their whole time to their duties. An officer of the day represents his commanding officer, and for the time being commands the guards in his name. Brigade officers of the day are charged with the actual posting of guards and sentinels, subject to instructions from the DIVISION officer of the day, and he subject to the general officer of the day for corps. Colonels will furnish the roster for the corps d'armee, lieutenant-colonels for the DIVISIONS, and majors for the brigades. Regimental guards and details are subordinate for the protection of their own camps, and not for the defense of the army.

There will be a continuous chain of sentinels along the line and canal, with advanced vedettes close to the river edge and along the road from Grove's to Brigg's, and sentinels must at all times be fully equipped and supplied with 40 rounds of ammunition, must walk their posts, and actually notice all movements of an enemy without or irregularities within. They must be carefully instructed that they have absolute power, and must enforce the standing and special orders of the camp against all offenders, whatever their rank or station may be. They or overflow; and watch the batteries of the enemy, and give notice of any dangerous shot or shell. At night they must have the countersign, and allow no one to pass without it. They must challenge all parties approaching in a clear, sharp voice, but not with too much noise. Sentinels must be treated with the utmost respect, must be carefully and minutely instructed, and must be relieved at least every two hours, and then allowed four hours' rest. No fires allowed to sentinels. Guards and supports must be conveniently posted; must have their belts on and muskets close at hand. They can have fires in a sheltered place. In case a regiment is ordered to march away, or in case of battles, the officer of the day will send the detail to its regiment; but in case a regiment is simply detailed for work, the guard for the day and night before are excused. In all details by companies or regiments, the officers must invariably to along with their men. This rule is invariable. Officer will frequently be examined by their superior on the duties of guards, sentinels, &amp;c., as prescribed by Army Regulations; and, if found ignorant, will be reported by colonels to the respective Governors of States, that they be not promoted or advanced in their profession.

By order of Major Gherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

