
of Shelbyville, in which rebels lost 500 killed, wounded, and missing. The scouts also say it is talked among Van Dorn's men that they are to return to Mississippi. He was with them two weeks.

G. M. DODGE.

MEMPHIS, March 31, 1863.

General KIMBALL, Jackson:

[R. V.] Richardson's force was severely beaten and dispersed night before last. Send Lawler, with mounted infantry or some cavalry, to the Hatchie, about Brownsville, to pick them up.

HURLBUT.

LA GRANGE, March 31, 1863-7. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel BINMORE, Assistant Adjutant-General, Memphis:

All the rebel cavalry that I can hear of north of the Tallahatchee River is on its way to Panola.

W. S. SMITH.

COLLIERVILLE, TENN., March 31, 1863.

Captain H. ATKINSON, A. A. G., 1st Div., 16th A. C., La Grange, Tenn.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor herewith to transmit a plan of stockade at headquarters Twelfth Indiana Infantry,* Lieutenant-Colonel Kempton commanding.

A scout sent by me to Panola, MISS., via Memphis, returned this morning, having left that place (Panola) on Monday last. He states that General [J. R.] Chalmers had at Panola about 800 infantry, in two camps; also two companies of cavalry, which he used as scouts. That [G. L.] Blythe had 400 men. His headquarters were at Coldwater Station, but that Chalmers had ordered him WEST of Byhalia. That Chalmers had, including the before-mentioned troops, over FIFTY companies reported to him, including [W. R.] Mitchell's, Colonel [G.] Street's, and all the roving bands; that Chalmers expected to be re-enforced by three regiments from the south; that the object was to protect the people in raising a crop, and in making attacks upon this road.

One cavalry company of this force, about 40 strong, were in camp about 2 miles northwest of Cockrum. I have another scout out in the same direction, whose time is up, but he does not come in yet.

Yesterday p. m. a cavalry force, estimated at 100, was within about 2 miles of La Fayette. Cavalry reconnaissance sent from this point this a. m. heard of about 40 at Widow Benton's, about 6 miles a little southeasterly from this, but saw none.

I do not know how much reliance to place in this scout, but the information [differs?] from that received from time to time. The scout was arrested and taken before General Chalmers (according to his story), and by Chalmers released, under the scout's story that he had smuggled some contraband goods out of our lines, and had bought some cotton to return, which cotton was taken from him by guerrillas near Cockrum before he was sent to General Chalmers' headquarters, at Panola.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN MASON LOOMIS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

