
for firewood or other purposes in inexcusable, and must at once be put an end to. The calls of common humanity, the security of the citizen, and the future well-being and comfort of the soldier largely depend upon the faithfulness in execution of this order.

II. All cases of wanton mischief upon fences, crops, dwelling- houses, or domestic animals, as well as all violations of the letter and spirit of this order, will be at once reported to the nearest officer, who is commanded to inquire into and summarily punish the offender.

III. In cases where a company or regiment can be shown to have committed the wrong, and they do not point out the offender, such company or regiment will be held liable as a body, and damages will be assessed against them, to be stopped from their pay.

IV. All honorable officers and good soldiers, for the credit of the service and good of the country, will co-operate in carrying out this order.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BEFORE Vicksburg, April 2, 1863.

Admiral DAVID D. PORTER, Commanding Mississippi Squadron:

After the reconnaissance of yesterday, I am satisfied that an attack upon Haynes' Bluff would be attended with immense sacrifice of life, if not with defeat. This, then, closes out the last hope of turning the enemy but the right. I have sent troops through from Milliken's Bend to New Carthage, to garrison and hold the whole route and make the wagon road good. At Richmond a number of boats were secured, which can aid in carrying subsistence from that point to New Carthage, and will also answer for ferrying any intermediate bayous. In addition to this, I have a large force working on a canal from the river to Willow Bayou, and in clearing this latter out. With this done, there will be good water communication from here to Carthage for barges and tugs. I have sent to Saint Louis and Chicago for barges and tugs, and ordered all empty barges here to be fitted up for the transportation of troops and artillery. With these appliances, I intend to be able to move 20,000 men at one time. To-morrow I shall have work commenced to prepare at least six steamers to run the blockade.

Having, then, fully determined upon operating from New Carthage either by the way of Grand Gulf or Warrenton, I am of the same opinion as when I addressed you a few days since, that is, that it is important to prevent the enemy from further fortifying either of these places.

I am satisfied that one army corps, with the aid of two gunboats, can take and hold Grand Gulf until such time as I might the able to get my whole army there and make provision for supplying them. If necessary, therefore, I would send this number of troops as soon as the necessity for them was demonstrated. I would, admiral, therefore renew my request to prepare for running the blockade at as early a day as possible.

I shall go up to Milliken's Bend to-morrow, but will be over to see you on this subject the day following.

U. S. GRANT.

P. S. -I would respectfully suggest if it would not be well to send to Memphis for all the spare small boats belonging to your branch of service not otherwise in use.

