
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Number 8. Camp near Vicksburg, January 26, 1863.

I. In consequence of the great danger of an immediate breach in the levees and flooding of the land between the railroad and lower levee, General Steele may withdraw his two brigades from their present position to the field from the railroad to the upper levee or steamboat landing, near where his present THIRD Brigade (Hovey's) is encamped, leaving a strong guard at and near the Biggs plantation, to be withdrawn by boats in case of a general flood.

II. In like manner the THIRD Brigade, SECOND DIVISION (Ewing's), and such parts of the SECOND Brigade (T. K. Smith's) as occupy ground south of the railroad bank, will move their camps and stores to any convenient camp within reach of the upper levee or landing, leaving a strong guard near the foot of the canal.

III. Increased efforts should be made by the working parties to prevent overflow coming from the canal, at least that part of it lying north of the railroad.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, January 26, 1863.

JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

Brigadier General M. Bryaman, Bolivar, Tenn., reports John C. Cummings, a clergyman just escaped from a year's imprisonment at Carrollton, MISS., says Pemberton and Price are at Grenada, well fortified; that they were expecting to aid Bragg; that Van Dorn has been largely re-enforced, and intends as soon as General Grant moves below to fall upon Jackson or Bolivar with 15,000 cavalry; that he learned this while in prison, and on his way through the country. Cummings was on his way to his relations, near Trenton; appears candid, loyal, and truthful, and General Brayman thinks the information worthy of notice and inquiry.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

YOUNG'S POINT, La., January 30, 1863.

Rear-Admiral DAVID D. PORTER,

Comdg. Western Flotilla:

By inquiry I learn that Lake Providence, which connects with Red River through Tensas Bayou, Washita and Black Rivers, is a wide and navigable way through.

As some advantage may be gained by opening this, I have ordered a brigade of troops to be detailed for the purpose, and to be embarked as soon as possible.

I would respectfully request that one of your light-draught gunboats accompany this expedition, if it can be spared.

U. S. GRANT.

YOUNG'S POINT, La., January 30, 1863.

Major General John A. McClernand,

Comdg. Thirteenth Army Corps:

Upon inquiry from the best information at hand, I find that Lake Providence, some 60 miles above here, which connects with Red River,

2 R R-VOL XXIV, PT III

