
they were going, by points of compass, from Hatchie; also whether Colonel Hurst is notified; if so, what road he is supposed to be upon; and if your information is reliable. Colonel Grierson and cavalry have returned, bringing a number of prisoners, among them Richardson's quartermaster (Wiggins) and clerk.

EDWARD PRINCE,

Colonel, in Charge of Cavalry.

JACKSON, April 3, 1863.

Colonel E. PRINCE:

My information as to 200 rebel cavalry crossing Hatchie is from General Dodge, Corinth. They crossed below Pocahontas; supposed to be making for railroad between Bolivar and Jackson. General Brayman, at Bolivar, has been informed. I notified General Smith, as they may make a turn is toward Grand Junction and La Grange.

NATHAN KIMBALL.

[APRIL 3-24, 1863. -For correspondence between Buford, Dodge, Garfield, Hurlbut, Oglesby, Rawlins, Rosecrans, and Streight, in reference to operations in Northern Alabama, see Series I, VOL. XXIII, Part II.]

HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Milliken's Bend, La., April 4, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have occupied Richmond, approached within 2 miles of New Carthage, and pursued the enemy down Bayou Vidal until he crossed it, 7 miles below, and was arrested by the enemy taking with him or destroying the means of crossing after him. He is understood to have sought refuge on Saint Joseph Lake. The enemy referred to is a portion of [I. F.] Harrison's cavalry troop, which in all is represented to consist of about seven companies. Meantime I have built an excellent floating bridge, 200 feet long, across Roundaway Bayou at Richmond.

Yesterday evening, after some search, I found an old skiff, and made a reconnaissance from Smith's plantation, toward Carthage. A levee had extended along Bayou Vidal, from its junction with Roundaway, 2 miles to Carthage. This levee is broken in three places. I crossed all the crevasses except the last two, which brought me within a few hundred yards of Carthage, and in full view of that place and the Mississippi River. When I had approached so near the town, the enemy's pickets fired upon me and came very near hitting me. One of the balls whistled between the members of my little party, which consisted of General Osterhaus, Lieutenant-Colonel Warmoth, and 3 or 4 infantry-men. The last crevasse intervened between us and the enemy's picket. Besides my force here, I have two regiments at Richmond, one at Holmes' plantation, about half way between Richmond and Smith's plantation (in rear of Carthage), and two regiments of infantry and some ten small companies of cavalry, with four mountain howitzers, at Smith's plantation. This is the present disposition of my forces, covering a distance of some 30 miles. All this has been accomplished

