
Whilst all must yield to the decree which parts us for a time,* all may properly hope that the services of General Stuart are by no means lost to a cause which is common to a whole continent, and the success of which more interests coming generations than the people of the present day.

His old comrades in arms wish him honor and success in life, and will hail his return to the colors, which for a time he must leave to the care of others.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Before Vicksburg, April 4, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT, Comdg. SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have ordered a regiment of cavalry from Helena to you, and sent the steamer Illinois to take them. At my request, Admiral Porter has ordered the Marine Brigade up the Tennessee River, to co-operate with Dodge. This brigade have boats bullet-proof, and have an armament of howitzers. When these troops pass Memphis, you will be able to judge of about the time they will reach Hamburg Landing, and can instruct Dodge to communicate with them there.

Very respectfully,U. S. GRANT.

CORINTH, April 4, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel BINMORE, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

A heavy body of rebel cavalry made their appearance to-day on east side of river at different points, most of them at Savannah, Old Town, opposite Hamburg, &amp;c. Have close watch on their movements.

G. M. DODGE.

SAINT LOUIS, April 4, 1863.

Colonel ROBERT ALLEN, Chief Quartermaster:

COLONEL: In reply to the letter of Major-General Grant to you of the 26th ultimo, and referred to me yesterday, I would says that I at once examined our harbor, and telegraphed to Cairo, Chicago, and Cincinnati. The result of which is, that I think that we can get from ten to FIFTEEN flat-boats and scows here, and can push up ten or FIFTEEN elsewhere within a few days. I also think I can get the yawls at Chicago, Cincinnati, and here, and also most of the tugs. I sent a man to Chicago last night, and will go myself on the first train. Almost everything of the boat line has already been pressed into service and sent south, and it is by no means easy to fill such a requisition. It will take a little time to get these boats from Chicago, and to get them here in condition to go below, but I think we can have a good part of them on the way south within a week. I will endeavor to see there is no lack of effort to comply with General Grant's wishes. Myself as well as others are in doubt as to the kind of boats intended in the order by flat-boats and scows.

---------------

*Stuart's appointment as brigadier-general had been rejected by the Senate.

---------------

