
MEMPHIS, TENN., April 7, 1863.

Brigadier General Greenville M. DODGE, Comdg. at Corinth:

GENERAL: I am informed by General Grant that a regiment of cavalry is ordered here. I shall immediately forward it to you. I am also informed that Ellet's brigade is to be put under my orders. As soon as they arrive I shall order them up the Tennessee, to co-operate with you and report to you.

If the plan you write of is carried out on the other side of the Tennessee River, your part will be of easy fulfillment. It is of great moment that it should be done, as such a display of force will cover and protect movements which are now being prepared on the southern front of my line. I approve the plan as sent in by you.

This movement of the enemy, in preparing flats and bridges, is to keep themselves in condition to operate on either side of the Tennessee.

I have forwarded your dispatch of to-day to Cairo, with a request to Fleet Captain Pennock to send a force up at once to destroy the communications. All that we can do is to watch closely every movement and strike if an opening shows itself.

I sent you pack-saddles for your mountain expedition if you should chance to find the time to make one.

Receive my thanks for the promptitude with which you report.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, La Grange, Tenn., April 7, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel BINMORE, Asst. Adjt. General, Memphis:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose to you copies of letters captured in Richardson's camp, showing some of the schemes resorted to by those permitted to trade at Memphis and other points. I am keeping a black list, upon which all such individuals are registered.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,WM. SOOY SMITH.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

RALEIGH, December 4, 1862.

Colonel RICHARDSON:

DEAR SIR: We have daily application by deserters from the Federal camp at Memphis for paroles, and if we had any authority to do so, we could, through some friends at Memphis, induce hundreds to come to us. There is a great dissatisfaction in their camps, especially with the late levies, and by proper management they could be drawn off in large numbers. They come out, but are afraid to travel far in the country till they are paroled, for designing persons have told them that they would be captured by rebels and put in the Southern army, and their clothing taken. Two were sent to us on yesterday, who were anxious to be paroled, and we sent them in the direction of your camp. They said there were 50 men in their regiment who would escape if they were not afraid of our men harming them. We told them not to fear. We have an arrangement already in Memphis whereby we can induce many to come to us if we are authorized to parole them. We can procure from them a large number of side-arms at reduced prices, and we will let your men have them at cost. We can have them bring with them

