HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, La Grange, Tenn. April 7, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE, Asst. Adjt. General:

COLONEL: Following the example of Major-General Hurlbut in the matter of removing beyond our lines disloyal families for offenses, I have caused the accompanying letter to Colonel W. W. Sanford, commanding Fourth Brigade, to be written. If it meets with the approval of the general commanding the SIXTEENTH Army Corps, I will see that the directions contained therein shall be promptly executed. I inclose also the letter from Colonel Sanford, which called it forth.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. SOOY SMITH.

[Inclosures.]
HDQRS. FOURTH Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SIXTEENTH A. C., Germantown, Tenn., April 7, 1863.

Captain H. ATKINSON, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the night of the 5th instant, a company sent out from Buntyn Station to patrol the road WEST of that place, discovered some obstruction placed on the railroad in two different places, composed of cross-ties and rails. They were sufficient to have thrown a train from the track. They were removed and a vigilant watch kept during the night, but the perpetrators were not discovered nor the object of these obstructions determined. I have caused a patrol of 20 men, under charge of an officer, to be sent out from each station every night, with instructions the road all night and keep a vigilant watch.

I have the honor to be, very truly, your obedient servant,W. W. SANFORD,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Brigade.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, La Grange, Tenn., April 7, 1863.

Colonel W. W. SANFORD, Comdg. Fourth Brigade, Germantown:

COLONEL: In answer to your communication of this date, in reference to obstructions having been placed at two different points on the railroad on the night of the 5th instant, the general commanding the DIVISION directs that you notify the six rebel families who live nearest the scenes of this outrage that they remove south of our lines within ten days, not to return during the war. You will see that this order is enforced. The most undoubted proofs of loyalty will be required when any doubts exist as to the proper subjects of this order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HOFFMAN ATKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP near Vicksburg, April 8, 1863.

Colonel John A. RAWLINS, Asst. Adjt. General to General Grant:

SIR: I would most respectfully suggest, for reasons which I will not name, that General Grant call on his corps commanders for their opinions, concise and positive, on the best general plan of campaign. Unless this be done, there are men who will, in any result falling

