
The expedition against Vicksburg is not a failure, though it is well to let the enemy think so. In fact, it is my opinion that the right mode of attack has been at last attempted.

S. A. HURLBUT.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 42. Memphis, Tenn., April 9, 1863.

Major General C. C. Washburn, United States Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters, in pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 93, from Headquarters Department of the Tennessee, dated Young's Point, La., April 3, 1863, is hereby assigned to the command of the cavalry in WEST Tennessee.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, April 9, 1863-11 p. m. (Received Memphis, April 9.)

Major-General HURLBUT:

Scout in from Florence. Left three days ago. Forces about same as heretofore reported, except Colonel [G. G.] Dibrell's is at Waterloo. They have two batteries, one on each side of Salem and near the railroad bridge; each battery two pickets. The batteries are built of pig-iron. Van Dorn is at Grenada with force of cavalry, and is being re-enforced. Scout says that heavy forces of the enemy have lately changed position over to their left. He also brings same reports as to ferries on Tennessee. As before stated, quite a large force of rebel cavalry made their appearance yesterday southeast of me, near [Jacinto Cross-?] Roads. They came from south, and are a re-enforcement to the enemy.

G. M. DODGE.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Camp at Brashear City, La., April 10, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: The secretary of Admiral Farragut, Mr. [E. C.] Gabandan, called upon me at Brashear City this morning, and gave me the substance of your dispatch. We have 15,000 men that can be moved with facility. The artillery is strong, the cavalry weak, but we hope to strengthen the cavalry without delay, as one of the results of this expedition.

We shall move upon the Bayou Teche to-morrow, probably encounter the enemy at Pattersonville, and hope to move without delay upon Iberia, to destroy the salt-works, and then upon Opelousas. This is the limit proposed. We do not intend to hold any portions of this country, as it weakens our force, but will at once return to Baton Rouge to co-operate with you against Port Hudson. I can be there easily by May 10.

There are now 4,500 infantry at Baton Rouge, with three regiments of colored troops and two companies of cavalry, three batteries of artillery, with several heavy guns in position, and five gunboats and six mortars. The land force is under command of Major-General Augur; the fleet under Captain Alden, of the Richmond.

We shall endeavor to establish communication with Admiral Farra-

