
expect to hear a good account from her should she meet the enemy. I am ordered up Tennessee River with my entire command. Will proceed immediately upon taking in some supplies.

ALFRED W. ELLET.

FLAG-SHIP BLACK HAWK, Yazoo River, April 11, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, &amp;c., Milliken's Bend:

I have received a communication from the Department which will compel me to go below the batteries with the fleet sooner than I anticipated. I would like to know if the transports will be ready to go with me, and how many. I would also urge the importance of throwing as many troops as possible without delay into Grand Gulf, that we may capture the guns there, and not let them mount them somewhere else.

I can take the troops all in the ----, at Carthage, and be upon the rebels at Grand Gulf before they know it, shell them out, and let the troops land and take possession.

Very truly,

DAVID D. PORTER.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Milliken's Bend, La., April 11, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have availed myself of all means within my power to forward ammunition to Carthage. Would it not be advisable for you to send an additional supply by the first safe opportunity?

One brigade of General Carr's DIVISION went forward to-day as a detail to work on the road between here and Richmond. This DIVISION, as quickly as it can be made available, will relieve the detachments from General Osterhaus' DIVISION, stationed between Richmond and Smith's, so as to enable the latter to embark as soon as practicable after the transports reach Smith's.

A deficiency of wagons for the transportation of ammunition, &., may cause some delay. If I find I can obviate this impediment by the use of boats on the Roundaway Bayou, I will do so.

I think it important that the supporting DIVISION should have sufficient time to put itself in readiness immediately to follow the advance DIVISION. The two field batteries with the advance DIVISION are scarcely sufficient to meet all contingencies.

May I not order forward the siege train, if I find I can send it through without delay?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. McClernand.

MILLIKEN'S BEND, La., April 11, 1863.

Major General FRED. STEELE, Comdg. Eleventh Div., Army of Tennessee:

Remain with your DIVISION at Greenville, for further orders. It is a better place for your troops than your old camp, and to some extent may serve to keep the enemy from getting provisions from the Deer Creek country. Rebellion has assumed that shape now that it can only terminate by the complete subjugation of the South or the overthrow

