
DIVISIONS down the river. If you will send a boat for them, I will send you 500 cavalry at any time, to be returned to this point after your movement is accomplished.

Trusting your plans may prove successful, I remain, very truly, your obedient servant,

B. M. PRENTISS.

MILLIKEN'S BEND, La., April 14, 1863. (Received May 5.)

Major General N. P. BANKS:

I am concentrating my forces at Grand Gulf. Will send an army corps to Bayou Sara by the 25th, to co-operate with you on Port Hudson. Can you aid me and send troops, after the reduction of Port Hudson, to assist at Vicksburg?

U. S. GRANT.

JACKSON, April 14, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

The following dispatch has just been received from Brigadier-General Dodge:

CORINTH, April 17 [?], 1863.

Captain [George E.] Spencer, my assistant adjutant-general, has just returned from Tuscumbia; succeeded in getting through all the enemy's camps and obtaining valuable information. The forces are posted as follows: Colonel Dibrell, 900 men, at Tuscumbia Landing; Colonel [Josiah] Patterson, 1,000, at Florence; Colonel [M. W.] Hannon, 1,800, at Tuscumbia; Colonel Roddey's old regiment, 800, at Tuscumbia Lauding; Baxter Smith, 350, 10 miles this side; Colonel Hampton [?], 300, at same place; [W. R.] Julian, 300, at Grey's, 6 miles this side, and Smith, 100, at Big Bear. The above all cavalry. Between Courtland and Tuscumbia, one brigade of infantry, under Colonel Wood, as follows: Colonel [A. H.] Helvenston, 400; Colonel [J. B.] Bibb, 500; Colonel [W. B.] Wood, SIXTEENTH Alabama, 400. The last brigade and one brigade of cavalry, under General Roddey, arrived at Tuscumbia last week. This more than doubles their force. They have also five pieces of artillery at Florence and six pieces at Tuscumbia.

Please forward this immediately to General Hurlbut, as it may change his movements. It is reliable, Captain Spencer having been sent there to ascertain the facts.

R. J. OGLESBY.

CORINTH, April 14, 1863.

Major-General OGLESBY, Jackson:

The enemy attacked Glendale this morning at daylight. So far we are driving them. I am re-enforcing strongly. This may delay my other movement. We have lost several men.

G. M. DODGE.

CORINTH, April 14, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

I have not heard from Ellet. I have been fighting at Glendale and have cleaned them out. They made a bold dash after a night's march, hoping to catch me asleep, but we met them half way. Our loss so far is small. They did not stand long after they found I was ready. The enemy showed themselves all along Tennessee River last night and this morning. I shall move in the morning.

G. M. DODGE.

