HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., April 14, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I inclose you the copies of dispatches received from Corinth, La Grange, and Murfreesborough.

It would seem as if the enemy had got notice of Rosecrans' intended movement on the Tennessee.

I have ordered Dodge to take 5,000 men, with two batteries, from District of Corinth, open communications at Hamburg with Rosecrans, and as soon as their mutual whereabouts are known, to move rapidly on Tuscumbia, cutting by cavalry, if possible, the railroad from Decatur to Tuscumbia. This will take place on Wednesday or Thursday if Rosecrans succeeds in getting up the river. The Marine Brigade has not reported yet. If Ellet has gone up the Tennessee, as directed, he will be in time to co-operate. If not, he should be cashiered for running by me without reporting. His assistance would be invaluable at this time, provided his command is of any use at all, which I do not know.

If Rosecrans moves with convoy, he can break through. If not, I doubt his getting down the Cumberland and up the Tennessee.

Under cover of this movement, I shall sweep down with cavalry, and expect no difficulty in getting to Meridian. I am still horribly crippled for want of horses, by the gross neglect of quartermasters in Saint Louis. I have only received 200, with which I have mounted the Seventh Kansas, and sent them to Dodge. No further news of moment.

Your obedient servant,S. A. HURLBUT.

MEMPHIS, TENN., April 14, 1863.

Major General RICHARD J. OGLESBY, Jackson, Tenn.:

The movement of Dodge should be made in connection with Rosecrans. If Dodge can unite with the force from Nashville with 5,000 men, he will be strong enough. If not, I do not wish him to undertake it. It is a combined movement to aid Rosecrans.

Van Dorn was badly whipped by Granger on the 10th. Most of this force near Tuscumbia is cavalry, and ought to be beaten by infantry with good batteries.

If Rosecrans does not come up to Eastport, it will be only a reconnaissance in force, to be converted into a real attack, if certain of success.

Ellet's boats ought to have been up before this; they were ordered to Hamburg.

S. A. HURLBUT.

JACKSON, April 14, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Your dispatch received. Have given Dodge the proper orders, as you directed. Have directed him to hold forces ready at Bethel to support garrison at Corinth, and will give some orders here. Lawler has not yet returned from Somerville; look for him to-day. I will go to Corinth to-morrow, if well enough. Think there are not less than 8,000 of the enemy from Bear Creek to Tuscumbia, on Decatur railroad, now open to Tuscumbia.

R. J. OGLESBY

13 R R-VOL XXIV, PT III

