
MEMPHIS, TENN., April 14, 1863.

Major General RICHARD J. OGLESBY,

Jackson, Tenn.:

Rosecrans' expedition left Nashville on 11th April, by river; should be off Hamburg to-morrow. Will land at Eastport.

Enemy are reported 6,000 strong at Tuscumbia, with eleven pieces of artillery. Dodge must take 5,000 men, and move on Wednesday or Thursday. The Seventh Kansas is on its way to Corinth, by State Line road; should leave La Grange to-day. If they do not come up in time, let Dodge leave orders for them. Rosecrans' force will be 1,700.

If possible, let Dodge cut the road between Decatur and Tuscumbia. The movement of Dodge will be a protection to Corinth, and the garrison may be well reduced, you holding force at Bethel and Jackson, ready to support, if necessary. There is no danger from below. Dodge should take at least two good field batteries.

S. A. HURLBUT.

JACKSON, TENN., April 14, 1863.

Brigadier General Greenville M. DODGE,

Commanding Corinth, MISS.:

From your letter of the 12th instant, and subsequent dispatches to this moment, I am satisfied you have on your left, along Bear Creek to Tuscumbia, an active force of not less than 6,000 to 8,000 of the enemy, within convenient distance of strong supports. The demonstration on the Tennessee River this morning goes still further to show they have reliable strength. I am unacquainted with the nature of the orders you have heretofore received from Major-General Hurlbut as to the movement against this force, nor shall I say anything to influence your movement. Of course, you will go with a strong force, if you attempt to cross Bear River. If it becomes necessary, I can send from here a supporting force. To avoid all accidents, it would be well to inform me when you start and the nature of your forces.

Most respectfully, yours,

R. J. OGLESBY.

MILLIKEN'S BEND, La., April 15, 1863.

Major General John A. McClernand,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

Admiral Porter informs me that he can take in each of his vessels about 250 infantry. This will enable you to take about one DIVISION in addition to what the transportation sent around will take. There has been great delay and neglect in the quartermaster's department in getting ready the barges, and the reports of progress I have received I find on a personal inspection have not been realized. There are not more than five barges ready to carry artillery on. In addition to these, you will have about three suitable for transporting infantry.

In loading troops on barges to be towed by steamers, great caution should be infused into the men to keep cool, and to avoid getting too much on one side, or, in other words, to keep the barges trimmed. It may possibly be that these vessels will not run the blockade to-night. If they do not, they will go to-morrow night, certain.

U. S. GRANT.

