
LAKE PROVIDENCE, April 15, 1863.

Major General John A. LOGAN, Comdg. THIRD DIVISION:

GENERAL: You will embark your command on boats as fast as they arrive, and send them to Milliken's Bend by brigades. I think there will be boats enough up to-night and to-morrow morning to take two of your brigades, and possibly your whole DIVISION. I shall go down with the first brigade. Send down word what time your first brigade will be ready to start.

Very respectfully,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

NEAR HELENA, ARK., April 15, 1863.

Major-General PRENTISS, Comdg. Dist. Eastern Arkansas:

GENERAL: Just as the Yazoo expedition was about to return to the Mississippi from its position before Fort Pemberton, I issued an order, a copy of which I have the honor to inclose,* in reference to the cotton thereon, or which should be put on the transports on their way back. As the boats transporting General Ross' DIVISION reached Helena some twenty-four hours in advance of the others, the cotton was taken from them before my DIVISION quartermaster could comply with the order in respect to them. To this I can urge no special objection, as most of these boats were immediately needed for transportation of troops down the river, but I do claim and demand, as due to myself and all the officers engaged in the expedition, an accurate and detailed report of the total number of bales taken from these boats, the number of bales found on each, and of the final disposition made of this cotton, and how much, if any, was turned over to private claimants.

I sent a written order several days since to Major Hatch, quartermaster, directing him to furnish such report to these headquarters, with which, up to this time, he has failed to comply. One instance of s gross attempt to defraud the Government came to my knowledge while I was in command of the expedition, in which at least one officer of the army and two more (citizens) were implicated. General Ross, doubtless, has reported the facts to you. I will merely say that in turpitude it surpasses any of which I have heard connected with the nefarious speculation in cotton. I demand that the parties to this trans-action, who have been turned over to you, but whom I intend to be sent forward to Major-General Grant, be visited with the severest punishment the law and the enormity of their crime will warrant.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

I. F. QUINBY.

MEMPHIS, TENN., April 15, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Comdg. Department of the Tennessee, Milliken's Bend, La.:

GENERAL: The enemy have been re-enforced at Tuscumbia and its neighborhood, and line the east bank of the Tennessee from Savannah up.

They are about 5,600 strong, principally cavalry, with eleven pieces of artillery. Captain Spencer, assistant adjutant-general for General Dodge, has been to Tuscumbia, and returned with full information, for which act he deserves great credit.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

