
Nothing has yet been heard of Rosecrans' expedition, or from Ellet. Dodge moves to-morrow with 5,000 men and good artillery, with instructions to proceed to Iuka, and await Rosecrans arriving at Eastport; if Rosecrans fails to get up, to make a reconnaissance in force, to be converted into a heavy attack, if it looks feasible. Oglesby is ordered to support him with 2,000 men from Jackson, and local garrisons, if required. They are not to assume any serious risk unless to carry out Rosecrans' movement. I feel the most abundant confidence in Dodge, and have no doubts of the result.

On Friday or Saturday the cavalry from La Grange will move, and I shall throw by railroad to Holly Springs, or below there, three regiments of infantry and a battery, to march rapidly thence to Panola, getting in rear of Chalmers, if possible. He is now on Coldwater.

In twelve hours after this expedition gets off, I shall move two of my old regiments and a battery, with cavalry, from this place to Coldwater, to attack in front on Chalmers' position, and hope to be able by hard marching to catch his battery.

Glendale, east of Corinth, was attacked yesterday, but the enemy were repelled and heavily pursued.

S. A. HURLBUT.

JACKSON, TENN., April 15, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis:

Dispatches from Dodge at Glendale; has seen nothing of Marine Brigade; has scouts on the river watching for it; his advance will be at Bear Creek; to-night he will be at Burnsville.

R. J. OGLESBY.

MEMPHIS, TENN., April 15, 1863.

Brigadier General W. S. SMITH, La Grange, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Dodge moved forward to-day from Corinth. His advance is now, this evening, at Bear Creek.

General Webster will have transportation for 1,500 men and a battery at La Grange, to take your expedition on Friday morning at daylight. You will run down as far as you can before night, for I think you will be delayed repairing the railroad, and let the train run back to La Grange. The men should be picked, and should carry three days' rations, and be instructed to make five of it. As soon as you strike the most direct route to Panola, move steadily and rapidly down, using all possible effort to get to the rear of Senatobia and Coldwater Station, but not breaking the men down by a march.

I shall move two infantry regiments, say 1,300 men, one battery, and two battalions of cavalry directly down from here, starting on Saturday morning at daylight, and pushing for a junction with you, attacking and driving back whatever may be in the way. I trust between us we may pick up Chalmers' battery, if nothing else.

If you are short of provisions, or require transportation, impress it from the country. You can hardly go amiss. You can return on either side of the Coldwater to La Grange, or move up to any point on the railroad.

So much for this movement. Now for the cavalry expedition. I wish them to start sharply at or before daylight on Friday morning, moving by the best route for Pontotoc. There can be nothing in their

