
you can send 2,000 infantry on the gunboats and cavalry by land, we make a move without waiting, as the river is not likely to remain long at a sufficient stage. I do not think there will be over one more rise this season, and by waiting too long we may lose our only chance at Florence with the gunboats. Many thanks for your kindness.

Very respectfully,

LE ROY FITCH,

Lieutenant-Commander.

P. S. -I will try to keep you informed of my whereabouts, and will also send you all the information I can gather. I expect to be between Duck River and Chickasaw for several days yet, unless the river again commences falling rapidly. My instructions from Admiral Porter are, "Go down as the river falls," and, of course, I ascend as it rises.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 72. Memphis, Tenn., April 16, 1863.

I. Brigadier-General Lauman, commanding Fourth DIVISION, will dispatch the Twelfth and Thirty-THIRD Wisconsin, on Saturday morning at daylight, to march upon Chalmers' position at Coldwater Station. He will also detach one good battery as a part of the expedition. Two battalions of the FIFTH Ohio Cavalry, in command of Major Hayes, will accompany the movement, the whole to be under command of Colonel Bryant, Twelfth Wisconsin. The troops will take with them four days' rations and full 40 rounds of ammunition, to be carefully inspected as to condition and quantity. The march will be commenced on the Hernando road, without any beat of drum and as quietly as possible. The ambulances will accompany the regiment, and two wagons per regiment will be allowed for transportation. For the line of march and object to be accomplished, written instructions will be forwarded.

* * * * * * * *

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

HENRY BINMORE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., April 16, 1863.

Brigadier General J. G. LAUMAN, Comdg. Fourth Div., Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The expedition to Senatobia will start at daylight on Saturday morning. Major Hayes' FIFTH Ohio Volunteer Cavalry will report at the Nonconnah Crossing, which, I think, will have to be made at Hollow Ford. The cavalry will be ordered to keep well in advance, communicating from time to time with Colonel Bryant. One section of the artillery should move Light, without caissons, after the infantry advanced guard; the rest of the battery between the two regiments. Strong advance guard will be kept a quarter of a mile to the front of the column, and in wooded places, and where side roads come in or any chance of cover for ambush, flankers will be thrown out to the distance of 150 yards. The column will be kept closed up, and no straggling allowed.

The expedition will move steadily on, not fatiguing the men, and as rapidly as consistent with order, through the most direct route, upon Coldwater Station and Senatobia, and attack at once any force that may be found.

