
by accident or design. We must look out now for some of their cotton-clad rams.

I think General L. Thomas will inspect you at Greenville, and will relieve you of all able-bodied negroes.

As ever, yours,

W. T. SHERMAN.

MEMPHIS, Tenn., April 17, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Asst. Adjt. General, dept. of the Tennessee, Milliken's Bend, La.:

SIR: Rosecrans telegraphs to-day that his expedition, 2,000 strong, picked men, left Palmyra on Monday last, and should be off Hamburg to-night. They are not yet heard of, nor is Ellet.

Dodge was at Bear Creek yesterday; has not been heard from to-day as yet.

Grierson's cavalry expedition started at daylight from La Grange. I do not expect to hear from him for FIFTEEN or twenty days, unless from Southern papers.

General Smith started to-day with three regiments and a battery for Panola by Holly Springs, going down on railroad, thence by land on north side of Tallahatchee to Panola.

Three regiments and a battery of Lauman's, with 200 cavalry, move to-morrow morning direct on Coldwater and Panola.

These various movements, along our length of line will, I hope, so distract their attention that Grierson's party will get fair start and be well down to their destination before they can be resisted by adequate force. God speed him, for has started gallantly on a long and perilous ride. I shall anxiously await intelligence of the result.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

MEMPHIS, Tenn., April 17, 1863.

Major General RICHARD J. OGLESBY,

Commanding Left Wing, Jackson, Tenn.:

This dispatch just received:

MURFREESBOROUGH, April 16, 1863.

Expedition, composed of 1,900 men, under Colonel Streight, left Palmyra Monday last, and is probably embarking on the Tennessee

to-day. One hundred and twenty-five thousand rations were taken up the river from Smithland and Paducah. Shall hope to hear form them soon. Please keep me advised of General Dodge's movements.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Send this out to Dodge, and let me have a report from him. They will not be up before Saturday night or Sunday, I think.

S. A. HURLBUT.

MEMPHIS, Tenn., April 17, 1863.

Major General RICHARD J. OGLESBY, Jackson, Tenn.:

The message from Rosecrans must go to Dodge as soon as possible. Communications must be kept open with him. Use the Seventh Kansas for that purpose, and report if Rosecrans' men of Ellet come in reach.

S. A. HURLBUT.

