
Corps, will detail one regiment (about 500 men) of his command to protect the property of the Unites States on plantations between Lake Providence and Milliken's Bend, La., until such time as they can be relieved by the regiments of African descent, now forming. The commanding officer of the regiment detailed will report for instructions to the United States commissioners of plantations at this place.

* * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumber A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, April 18, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS:

COLONEL: In January last, while I commanded the District of Memphis, I received a letter from General Grant on the subject of the Charleston and Memphis Railroad, with instructions to give notice to all persons of the result of interference with the road. This notice was given in General Orders, Number 10, of the District of Memphis, and fully published in the papers.

An attack was made by a party of guerrillas living north of the road, of the most gross and cowardly nature. This band of 20 or 25 are not even part of Richardson's command, but simply plunders, who, when caught, claim organization, but are not enrolled or subject to any military authority. I proceeded to carry out the notice are taken almost word for word from General Grant's letter, for I do not believe it is wise to threaten and not perform.

The families sent out are eight in number, and are prominent secessionists. This memorial* is now presented. There is no name to it of any man of acknowledged loyalty, and nearly every man on the list ought to be sent south. I forward it, as in duty bound, for the consideration of the major-general commanding, with this remark only, that I believe the banishment has done good, not harm. I have long been of the opinion that no sympathizer should be allowed within our lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,S. A. HURLBUT.

MEMPHIS, April 18, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Since closing my last letter, I learn from Oglesby that Captain Fitch, U. S. Navy, with four gunboats, is between Hamburg and Eastport, as advance of Rosecrans' expedition. If anything new turns up before the boat leaves, I will send it.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.

MEMPHIS, Tenn., April 18, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

General Dodge, with 5,000 men, moved from Corinth to Bear Creek two days, since, to co-operate expedition; force of 2,000 from General

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

