
Rosecrans to land at Eastport. They have not yet come up the river. The enemy are about 6,000, mostly cavalry, with eleven pieces of artillery, at Tuscumbia and Florence. A cavalry expedition of three regiments, under Colonel Grierson, Sixth Illinois, started at daylight yesterday from La Grange to proceed to Pontotoc; thence throw one regiment to the right, the other to the left, cutting the Mississippi Central at or near Oxford, the Mobile and Ohio near Tupelo, and breaking up provision depots and cars, while Grierson, with his own regiment, goes to the Silona [Selma?] and Jackson Railroad, and destroys it at Chunky River, or, perhaps, at the Pearl, if not strongly guarded, returning by Alabama. Three regiments of infantry, 200 cavalry, and a battery moved from this place this morning for Panola. I hope to catch Chalmers, now at Senatobia, between the two forces. Rosecrans' expedition not yet heard from at Eastport; should have been there two days since.

S. A. HURLBUT.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Smith's Plantation, April 19, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: My present movement, if properly sustained, ought, and I believe will, eventuate in the extinguishment of the rebellion in the Gulf States, and limit it in the East.

Please give me a dozen good transport. They are necessary to enable me to move my forces rapidly, and to strike the enemy before he can fortify. They will be worth untold Illinois to our cause, not only in money, but in momentous military results. Without them, delay and approaching hot weather may ensue to jeopardize everything; without them, Grand Gulf may become another Vicksburg or Port Hudson. The loss of a few transports in running the blockade are not worthy to count anything in the opposing scale.

Earnestly sympathizing in your plans and purposes, no effort or personal sacrifice on my part will be spared to give them complete success. Meanwhile, although the process of transferring tsissippi levee in skiffs and other craft must necessarily be tedious and slow, yet it will be diligently and energetically prosecuted.

Your obedient servant,JOHN. A. McClernand.

P. S. -General, it is desirable that commissary supplies should be sent upon the transports.

HEADQUARTERS Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Camp near Vicksburg, April 19, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS, Asst. Adjt. General, Milliken's Bend;

SIR: As it may be a matter of interest to the general in command to know, I have to report that the fate of the three transports sent past the Vicksburg batteries during the night of April 17 is as follows:

Silver Wave, Captain McMillan, manned by officers and soldiers of General Ewing's brigade, passed the batteries safely without loss or damage.

Forest Queen, Captain Conway, manned by her regular crew, was struck in the hull, and was disabled by a round shot cutting a steam

