
MILLIKEN'S BEND, La., April 19, 1863.

Colonel John B. SANBORN,

Commanding Seventh DIVISION:

COLONEL: You will direct the remainder of Colonel Holmes' brigade to move to Richmond, La., as soon as practicable, and in order to facilitate this, the teams from the other brigades, or, at least, enough of them to take their camp and garrison equipage, five days' rations, and ammunition in the hands of the regiments of Colonel Holmes' brigade, will be ordered to report to him for this purpose. After reaching Richmond, the teams will return to their respective regiments. Colonel Holmes will be instructed to reconnoiter the country in the direction of Delhi and the bayou leading that way, and report upon the feasibility of sending boats through. There are a few of the enemy at Delhi, which he must be on the alert for. He must keep up a thorough system of outposts and pickets, and not allow his men to straggle over the country. Also collect what corn and fodder he can, and bring it in to Richmond.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

JACKSON, April 19, 1863-10 p. m.

General HURLBUT, Memphis:

If not otherwise directed by you, I shall go to Corinth in the morning, 6 a. m., with 2,000 troops. Captain [Sheridan] Wait will remain in office.

R. J. OGLESBY.

JACKSON, April 19, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

The bridge burned was on the Charleston and Memphis Railroad, 12 miles WEST of Gondola, across the Big Nause; was fired in three places at 9 o'clock on Wednesday last by scout previously sent out for that purpose by General Dodge. The telegraph was cut same day by same scout at 2 [o'clock].

R. J. OGLESBY.
HEADQUARTERS, NINE MILES FROM BEAR CREEK, April 19, 1863.

Colonel MORTON,Commanding THIRD Brigade:

I want you to move with your command to my support as early as possible. Captain [Ozro J.] Dodds will send forward with you the ammunition, the regimental trains, and leave all extra wagons with Colonel [H. J. B.] Cummings and the engineer corps, who will finish the brigade and hold it. Tell Colonel Cummings to hurry up the Seventh Kansas Cavalry when it arrives to me, and to be very vigilant in guarding the train also. Bring forward the four guns this side of the river; also my headquarters train. Have the trains crossed to-night if you are not sure the bridge will be done, as I need you here with the ammunition.

G. M. DODGE.

(Show this to Colonel Cummings; also to Captain Dodds.)

