
from here to the Mississippi River at or below Perkin's plantation. Colonel Wright this moment reports that by throwing a bridge across Gilbert Bayou, and another across Bayou Bridge, with one or two other small structures, the Mississippi may be reached by land at Perkins'. If I become satisfied that this can be done, I will move a portion of my corps by land, while the balance are being crossed over in small boats to Carthage.

I have ordered forward the detachment of this corps left at Richmond, learning that the detachment ordered by you from General McPherson had reached there.

I expect to move upon Grand Gulf so soon as two DIVISIONS shall have been placed in hand upon the levee.

Having just returned from Holme's plantation, I learn that what is supposed to be a white flag is shown on the Mississippi shore, opposite to Carthage. I have sent Lieutenant Colonel Mudd to inquire, and report concerning the matter.

Details are working upon the road from here to Richmond, and the road is rapidly drying. Cattle are being brought in, which supply my corps with fresh meat. Nothing is omitted that will has en the earliest practicable forward movement.

Your dispatch to Rear-Admiral Porter is this moment received and forwarded. I am anxiously hoping for the arrival of additional transports.

At this point, your dispatch of this date comes to hand. I am rejoiced at its contents. I will the Forest Queen to be held ready to afford any assistance that my be found necessary in bringing to any of the transport that may be disabled in running the blockade. I will request the admiral to hold his boats in readiness to do the same.

With much respect, your most obedient servant,

JOHN. A. McClernand.

MILLIKEN'S BEND, La., April 20, 1863.

Major General John A. McClernand, Comdg. Thirteenth Army Corps:

Six steamers I hope will be ready to run the enemy's batteries

to-night. The cotton and hay for barricading a greater number is not on hand at present. These boats are now loaded and loading with 600,000 rations and a very considerable quantity of forage.

Barges will enter the bayou to-day with the expectation of getting through to Carthage by Tuesday night. A large number of yawls, barges, and tugs must be here in a day or two. In addition to this, there are some twelve steamers here that will be able to run the bayous when the work of clearing them out is completed.

General McPherson will keep closed up on you, but recollect that all the transportation of his army corps, as well as your own, is now being used to get through your supplies. I think no more wagons should be taken through except for transportation of ordnance stores. The steamers that run the blockade have about 160,000 rations on board and some forage. More will be going to-night. Direct the teams to stop at Richmond, and establish of supplies there.

U. S. GRANT.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Number 110. Milliken's Bend, La., April 20, 1863.

The following orders are published for the information and guidance of the army in the field in the present movement to obtain a foothold

