
on the east bank of the Mississippi River, from which Vicksburg can be approached by practicable roads:

1. The Thirteenth Army Corps, Major General John A. McClernand commanding, will constitute the right wing.

2. The Fifteenth Army Corps, major General W. T. Sherman commanding, will constitute the left wing.

3. The SEVENTEENTH Army Corps, Major General James B. McPherson commanding, will constitute the center.

4. The order of march to New Carthage will be from right to left.

5. Reserves will be formed by DIVISIONS from each army corps, or an entire army corps will be held as a reserve, as necessity may require. When the reserve is formed by DIVISIONS, each DIVISION will remain under the immediate command of its respective corps commanders, unless otherwise specially ordered for a particular emergency.

6. Troops will be required to bivouac until proper facilities can be afforded for the transportation of camp equipage .

7. In the present movement one tent will be allowed each company for the protection of rations from rain; one wall tent fore each regimental headquarters, one wall tent for each brigade headquarters, and ne wall tent for each DIVISION headquarters. Corps commanders, having the books and blanks of their respective commands to provide for, are authorized to take such tents as they absolutely necessary, but not to exacted the number allowed by General Orders, Number 160, Adjutant-General's Office, series 1862.

8. All the teams of the three army corps, under the immediate charge of the quartermasters bearing them on their returns, will constitute a train for carrying supplies and ordnance and the authorized camp equipage of the army.

9. As fast as the Thirteenth Army Corps advances, the SEVENTEENTH Army Corps will take its place, and in its turn be followed in like manner by the Fifteenth Army Corps.

10. Two regiments from each army corps will be detailed by corps commanders to guard the line from Richmond to New Carthage.

11. General hospitals will be established by the medical director between Duckport and Milliken's Bend. All sick disabled soldiers will be left in these hospitals. Surgeons in charge of hospital will report convalescents as fast as they become fit for duty. Each corps commander will detail an intelligent and good drill officer to remain behind and take charge of the convalescents of their respective corps. Officers so detailed organize the men under their charge into squads and companies without regard to the regiment they belong to, and, in the absence of convalescent commissioned officers to command them, will appoint non-commissioned officers or privates. The force so organized will constitute the guard of the line from Duckport to Milliken's Bend. They will furnish all the guards and details required for general hospital, and, with the contrabands that may be about camp, will furnish all details for loading and unloading boats.

12. The movement of troops from Milliken's Bend to New Carthage will be so conducted as to allow the transportation of then days' supply of rations and half the allowance of ordnance required by previous orders.

13. Commanders are authorized and enjoined to collect all the

beef-cattle, corn, and other supplies necessary for the army on the line of march, but wanton destruction of property, taking of articles, unless for military purposes, insulting citizens, going into and searching houses without proper orders from DIVISION commanders, are positively prohibited. All such irregularities must be summarily punished.

