
the upper batteries of Vicksburg. From that point all steam will be put on until the last battery is run.

3. On arrival opposite the pickets below Vicksburg, the boats will all rounds to and report to Colonel Abbott, in command of pickets.

4. Should any of the boats become disables and unmanageable, engineers will stop the engines and permit their boats to float past the batteries, when they will be taken in tow by those still in running condition.

5. Colonel C. B. Lagow, having volunteered for the service, is put in immediate command of the steamer Tigress and of the entire fleet. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

6. After reporting to Colonel Abbott, the fleet will proceed down the river to New Carthage, and report to Major General J. A. McClernand. Colonel Lagow will see that no barges or boats are permitted to be lost through negligence of steamboat commanders.

* * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

[JNO. A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, Tenn., April 21, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS, Asst. Adjt. General, Milliken's Bend, La.:

SIR: I send your last dispatch from Corinth; also written report from Colonel Bryant, Twelfth Wisconsin, as to movement on Coldwater.

The river at Coldwater Station proved impassable. Our troops fell back to Hernando. I have just heard verbal report from Bryant. Major Hayes, FIFTH Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, has died of his wound. His conduct was most gallant. With 40 men he captured 65 prisoners. We have 80 in all. Fearing that Chalmers might be re-enforced from Greenwood, I have sent this morning the Fourteenth and Forty-sixth Illinois and one battery, with orders if they hear Smith's guns to force a passage, by bridging or otherwise, and join him.

I have just received a dispatch from La Grange that a woman just in from Holly Springs reports heavy cannonading south of Holly Springs on Saturday. If this is so, Smith has run across some other band or force, for Chalmers has not moved yet, I think, from Coldwater.

Smith has 1,500 good infantry and a good battery, and although I am somewhat anxious about his not appearing in their rear at or about Senatobia before our men left Coldwater, on Monday noon, I think he is strong enough to work his way back or forward against anything but a movement in force from below, of which I have no intelligence.

Dodge is, I am satisfied, careful as well as brave, and will hold the line of Bear Creek as long as necessary.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.

MEMPHIS, Tenn., April 21, 1863.

Colonel G. E. BRYANT, Commanding Detachment:

COLONEL: Your dispatches were received between 12 and 1 o'clock this morning. Colonel Dornblaser will re-enforce you with the Fourteenth and Forty sixth Illinois Volunteers and the FIFTH Ohio Battery.

