
I send you two days' rations of bread, 40 rounds of ammunition, 16 artillery horses, and 5 ambulances for your wounded and dead, which, with the prisoners, you will send back under strong guards, and move down again on Coldwater. General Smith is in rear of Coldwater. Be prepared to effect a junction with him, and for this purpose I have sent tools for bridge-building.

General Hurlbut sent out cavalry on Sunday (about 100), which he has not yet heard from; they are, no doubt, with you. With the

re-enforcements I now send you, and the certainty that General Smith is in their rear, I do not entertain the slightest doubt but that the expedition will be a complete success.

I congratulate you, and through you the officers and men, for the success that has thus far attended your movement.

J. G. LAUMAN.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE,

Asst. Adjt. General, SIXTEENTH Army Corps, Memphis, Tenn.:

Herewith I inclose written statement of Mr. Wright, a refugee, containing some important information, which may be of interest at this time. I believe the statement to be true.

It is almost useless for me to state that I have found everything at this command in good condition. The supplies seem to be abundant, and troops in good state of discipline, with much spirit and good health. I have retained the forces at outposts of Chewalla, Camp Davis, Glendale, and Bethel unchanged, except at Bethel, where I called in one regiment (Forty-THIRD Ohio) to move with Fuller to support of Dodge. These posts and distances the general is doubtless familiar with.

In order to communicate with Dodge at Hamburg, I have brought down a small squadron with Dodge at Hamburg, to be used, as soon s Hurst arrives, as vedettes and scouts, beyond the lines of pickets. At present I have no cavalry for this purpose. I communicate with Dodge by messenger and escort to Hamburg, thence to Eastport, thence 15 miles to his camp on Bear Creek. Sent him to-day ambulance, with ammunition for carbines, and mail, for the DIVISION escort of 75 men, under Captain THIRD Michigan Cavalry. Hope we shall have no further trouble with guerrillas. To avoid all risk, however, Mr. Fuller has telegraphed he will send me cipher operator for this station, and I shall send this one to Dodge, to put all dispatches in cipher.

In regard to General Dodge and the forces under his command, I can say but little more than you are already informed of by dispatches. I think he feels confident of driving the enemy from Tuscumbia on Friday, and believe himself able to hold it until Streight can make his trip, as already agreed upon.

Of Streight's success, he feels evidently less sanguine. He is master of his position, and clearly realizes the enemy can be strongly re-enforced before he will be able to attack. He has been kept back by no indolence or neglect of his own. If the thing succeeds now, it will, to say the least, be a very fortunate result. He is will supplied with rations, forage, and ammunition, and is not annoyed by sickness or convalescents. As to any further aid from here, I think my forces too weak to be further reduced. Bethel is weak; Jackson and Bolivar sufficiently so. I must hold my outposts to the last. Can draw none from there. Dodge has taken his staff of scouts with him, and I am compelled

