
to look to my own and outposts to look around Corinth. Shall send all important information as soon as received.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. J. OGLESBY.

[Inclosure.]

Statement of Wright, a refugee.

CORINTH, MISS.,---- --, 1863.

General Ruggles and staff came north from Columbus to Verona. An engineer came north with Wright, making maps of all the roads as far as Cotton-gin Port, at which place I got away from engineer, by taking the cut-off, piloted by a boy. Don't know what force is at Verona. All troops moved from Columbus which Ruggles. Some came up from Mobile, via Tombigbee River, to Columbus, on the Cherokee and Warrior. I left Selma 9th of April. Left Columbus on 16th. Parted with engineer Wednesday p. m., 16th. It was cavalry which came from Mobile. No troops to speak of at Selma, the largest arsenal in the South, except one in Georgia (Atlanta). No troops at Meridian. No troops on that road, except at Verona, I think, but I came across the country from Columbus. I came through Fulton Tuesday, 17th. Stopped that night 10 miles this side. Came through Bay Springs. Came through Burnsville Saturday. Saw no soldiers, but heard of some passing through Burnsville, going east. Heard of none moving till then. The talk was that General Ruggles was to occupy Verona, to protect people making crops. The talk is that Vicksburg is safe, and will be held anyhow. The negro who brought me owns his own team and carriage. His master lives in Columbus; he is a Union man (miller). Don't know what Ruggles' force is, but think it over 1,000 or 2,000. Can't say that Verona is his permanent headquarters. Saw no soldiers except at Smithville, and a few 10 miles south of Fulton. Heard no news of Charleston later. The talk is that they can hold it. Mobile, people think, may be easily taken. Three gunboats were launched at Selma February or March, two for harbor defense of Mobile. The THIRD (Tennessee) is a sea-going, formidable craft.

Making all sorts of ammunition at Selma, but have made no guns. They are now sinking a pit for making guns of a large caliber; they have very large furnaces; hot-air furnaces, too for brass pieces. have any amount of iron; it comes from Montevallo, Talladega, and other places on Alabama and Tennessee Railroad. No powder-mill at Selma now in operation. They are making niter all along that railroad. Don't manufacture small-arms at Selma, but are repairing many. Are doing nothing in way of manufacture at Columbus; only a sort of barracks.

Heard of no movements toward Tennessee now.

HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., April 21, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES R. CHALMERS, C. S. Army:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your note of this date,* under flag of truce to my outposts. In reply, I would state that I am informed that troops under your command fired upon ambulance

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

