
above Grand Gulf. I am sending a barge down to General Hovey, to be used in constructing one of the bridges.

Having given a description as to what portion of the pioneer corps may be spared, and believing it to be consistent with what I take to be the spirit of your order, and what you would have ordered yourself upon full knowledge of the fact, I have not interfered to change the order above mentioned in regard to the pioneer corps above mentioned. If, general, in this I have erred, it only remains to so advise me, and whatever portion of the corps you may direct will be sent to report to Major Tweeddale. I have made very good progress to day in transferring General Carr's DIVISION to the Mississippi levee.

I will send the Forest Queen up the river to-night to watch for the expected transports, and to give them any needed assistance.

I start a courier in haste with this dispatch.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McClernand.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Number 92. Camp near Vicksburg, April 22, 1863.

* * * * *

III. The First DIVISION, Major-General Steele commanding, now detached at Greenville, MISS., will at once return to its camp at Young's Point, and prepare for a new move. The corps quartermaster, Lieutenant-Colonel [J. Condit] Smith, will dispatch to Greenville such boats as he can spare, with this order; and if General Steele, commanding the DIVISION, has not sufficient boats to move the whole command at once, he can leave a brigade, or less detachment, if prudent, and send boats back for them after reaching Young's Point.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SMITH'S PLANTATION, April 22, 1863-11 p. m.

Brigadier General PETER J. OSTERHAUS, comdg. NINTH DIVISION:

GENERAL: Herewith you will found a communication which explains itself.

You will immediately embark all of your available force, if practicable, upon such vessels as may be obtained, and follow after the gunboats to Grand Gulf, or as near as may be to be beyond the range of the enemy's batteries at that place. If the gunboats succeed in silencing the batteries, either with or without your aid, will, if you think yourself strong enough for the purpose, take and hold the place. If, in your judgment, the cover of the gunboats should be necessary to make you secure in holding the place, you will ask of the admiral some assurance upon the subject. If you think you can do so successfully, take a leading part in the contemplated movement, and, in all events, afford every

co-operation in your power. In case you should take the place, you will be re-enforced as rapidly as I can send forward troops for that purpose. Of course, you will take with you all the artillery and ammunition you can, and such number of rations as you may think proper.

Very respectfully, your humble servant,

JOHN A. McClernand.

