
One tent will be allowed each company for the protection of rations from rain; one wall-tent for each regimental headquarters, one wall-tent for the brigade headquarters, and one wall-tent for DIVISION headquarters.

The men will be provided with three days' cooked rations, and the teams of the regiments will transport, besides the camp equipage herein allowed, all the ammunition and rations possible, it being the intention to so conduct the march as to allow the transportation of ten days' supply of rations and 100 rounds of ammunition per man. The remaining tents will be neatly folded, and all the camp and garrison equipage left behind will be placed in charge of the brigade quartermaster, who will receive instructions from the quartermaster of the corps as to its disposition.

Attention is called to the following extract of said Special Orders, Number 110:

13. Commanders are authorized and enjoined to collect all the

beef-cattle, corn, and other supplies necessary for the army on the line of march, but wanton destruction of property, taking of articles unless for military purposes, insulting citizens, going into and searching houses without proper orders from DIVISION commanders, are positively prohibited. All such irregularities must be summarily punished.

General McArthur is authorized to order the storage of all the remaining camp and garrison equipage of his command on his quartermaster's boat, instead of the place designed herein.

By order of Major-General McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MILLIKEN'S BEND, La., April 24, 1863.

Brigadier General C. L. MATTHIES, Comdg. Seventh Div., Richmond, La.:

GENERAL: You will move your command from Richmond to Smith's plantation, near New Carthage, as soon as possible. Colonel Boomer will move, with his brigade and the remaining batteries of the DIVISION, this afternoon.

The Seventy-SECOND Illinois, Colonel Starring commanding, will be left at Richmond, in command of the post, until further orders.

Very respectfully,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

P. S. -If General Matthies is not at Richmond, Colonel Sanborn will carry out this order.

LA GRANGE, April 24, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

One of our soldiers just in from the enemy's camps, which he visited as a spy, says that a number of independent companies have congregated and are moving to attack this post. It may be mere rebel braggadocio, but I shall clear the decks to-night. I think it more likely that a raid in force is to be made upon the railroad line to capture a train, and therefore respectfully suggest strong guard.

Chalmers is gathering his scattered forces at Waterford, 8 miles below Holly Springs. Grierson threw off Hatch to the east, according to orders, and was pushing down toward Pontotoc when last heard from. Chalmers is trying to get upon his track by concentrating at Waterford.

WM. SOOY SMITH.

