SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Number 74. Milliken's Bend, La., April 25, 1863.

* * * * *

II. Brigadier-General McArthur, commanding Sixth DIVISION, will move his command to Richmond to-morrow, the 26th instant. + * * *

III. Brigadier-General McArthur, commanding Sixth DIVISION, will detail the Eighteenth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers to garrison the post of Richmond, La., relieving the Seventy-SECOND Regimental Illinois Volunteers, there stationed.

IV. The Seventy-SECOND Regiment Illinois Volunteers, colonel Fred. A. Starring commanding, is assigned to the SECOND Brigade, Sixth DIVISION, and will report accordingly, as soon as relieved from garrison duty at Richmond, La., by the Eighteenth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers.

V. The Ninety-FIFTH Regiment Illinois Volunteers will proceed to Milliken's Bend, La., as soon as transportation can be obtained, and will then march forthwith to join the Sixth DIVISION, reporting to Brigadier-General McArthur for orders.

* * * * *

By order of Major-General McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, April 26, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. Dept. Of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Many persons say that I could march my whole corps to Hard Times, 3 miles this side Grand Gulf. I have sent a detachment

to-day to reconnoiter and officially report upon the subject.

The detachment sent to Bayou Pierre are somewhat retarded in their progress by reason of the enemy's burning the bridges behind them as they retreat.

I am starting over to Mound Bayou to see what progress General Hovey has made in bridging Vidal and Mound Bayou. It is said he is at work on the last bridge.

Several gentlemen represent that as they came down to this landing yesterday they saw a train of wagons moving south. Others say they had opportunities of seeing the same, but did not. It is rather probable that the enemy are re-enforcing the garrison at the Gulf; hence the importance of the suggestion I ventured to make the other day, that at least a feint should be made upon Warrenton and Haynes' Bluff-a feint to be pushed to a bold attack, if circumstances favor.

JOHN A. McClernand.

HEADQUARTERS Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Camp before Vicksburg, April 26, 1863.

Major-General GRANT, Carthage:

GENERAL: Your letter of April 21 [24] is this moment received. I feared the difficulties you now experience, and went myself yesterday, and examined the new canal from Duckport to Willow Bayou. I sounded it in its whole length; it is nearly 3 miles long. The first mile is comparatively good; the middle mile is bad; has not an average depth of 1 foot; and the last mile has 3 feet, 2 feet, and nothing; 200

+Details of march omitted.

