
will be caught unprovided unless every possible means be adopted to relieve their wants. We may have to plank this road in places, but let us first make it passable to troops, and then plank it or not, according to the weather. Such a rod will enable us to haul stores back to the bayou, when to Richmond barges could float them, and then to Carthage, a large class of boats.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Number 27. Camp before Vicksburg, April 26, 1863.

In consequence of orders this moment received from General Grant, the execution of General Orders, Number 26, is hereby suspended. General Steel's DIVISION will encamp at Milliken's Bend. General Blair's DIVISION will remain as now. General Tuttle's DIVISION will remain at the canal. Instructions to each will be given by letter.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SMITH'S PLANTATION, April 26, 1863.

Major General John A. LOGAN, Comdg. THIRD DIVISION:

GENERAL: You will move your whole DIVISION forward to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock. On reaching this point, a staff officer will be in readiness to show you the route you are to take, the object being to reach Judge Perkin's place, on the Mississippi River, 6 miles below Carthage, as soon as possible. The distance to march is something over 15 miles from here.

Your respectfully,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

MEMPHIS, Tenn., April 26, 1863-11 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I have just heard from Dodge, at Tuscumbia. On 24th he took that place without severe fighting. The enemy steadily opposed advance, but was steadily driven back. A sharp skirmish at Little Bear Creek. He went forward yesterday to help Colonel Streight in his movement. Citizens of Tuscumbia report that Johnston says he can send no re-enforcements. Dodge has every confidence in his own position. The gunboats did not come up to Tuscumbia. There is great alarm among the rebels, believing this movement to be the head of a column attacking Johnston's flank and rear. I have telegraphed the above to General Rosecrans. One regiment of my cavalry has destroyed barracks, stores, and railroad at Okolona and Tupelo. Colonel Grierson, with his force of cavalry, left Pontotoc morning of 19th of April, traveling at rate of 50 to 60 miles per day, to burn engines and cars at Canton, and thence to destroy bridges on Jackson and Meridian Railroad. General Grant Gulf and move up Big Black River, but am not advised of his plans.

S. A. HURLBUT.

