
the north by the (so-called) Gulf and on the WEST by the Mississippi, including that promontory.

The Twelfth DIVISION, or such portion of it as may form part of the expedition, will land at such point as will most favor the object of acting as a reserve, and in support of the Fourteenth and NINTH DIVISIONS, which it will be its duty to do.

The forces mentioned will seize and hold the positions referred to until they shall have been re-enforced for a further movement.

In certain contingencies it may be determined that the transports will not land at Grand Gulf, but pass on below either with or without troops (in the latter case the troops to follow by land), but in that event notice will be given.

As previously directed, the infantry will take 40 rounds of ammunition in their cartridge-boxes and 40 rounds otherwise on their persons. The rest of the ammunition will be stored on the Empire City, with the reserve ammunition.

In the absence of wagons, the commanders of the DIVISIONS mentioned will detail and hold in readiness sufficient parties to carry ammunition into the field, if needed for the use of the respective DIVISIONS to which they belong.

As ambulances will be left for the present, they will be placed in charge of details, to guard and bring them up when so ordered.

Such details as may be deemed necessary will be made by the commanders of said DIVISIONS for the purpose of caring for the wounded on the field.

Those who may be detailed for that purpose will be distinguished by white badges around their left arms.

"Success" must be our motto!

JOHN A. McClernand.

SMITH'S PLANTATION, La., April 27, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN, Comdg. Fifteenth Army Corps:

If you think it advisable, you may make a reconnaissance of Haynes' Bluff, taking as much force and as many steamers as you like. Admiral Porter told me that he would instruct Captain Breese to do as you asked him with his fleet. The effect of a heavy demonstration in that direction would be good so far as the enemy are concerned, but I am loth to order it, because it would be so hard to make our own troops understand that only a demonstration was intended, and our people at home would characterize it as a repulse. I therefore leave it to you whether to make such a demonstration. If made at all, I advise that you publish your order beforehand, stating that a reconnaissance in force was to be made for the purpose of calling off the enemy's attention from our movements south of Vicksburg, and not with any expectation of attacking. I shall probably move on Grand Gulf to-morrow.

U. S. GRANT.

HEADQUARTERS Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Camp before Vicksburg, April 27, 1863.

Major General FRED. STEELE, Comdg. First DIVISION, Milliken's Bend:

DEAR GENERAL: General Grant, finding the bayou hence to Carthage of less capacity then he had counted on, had countermanded my orders of march, and has required of me other things, of which the guarding

