
on the Mississippi River, following the road taken by General Logan's DIVISION.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Perkins' Plantation, April 28, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. Dept. of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Having been informed by Admiral Porter that the Price was at my disposal for the transportation of troops and as the

flag-ship of the fleet of transports, I write to inform you that I have published her in my orders to DIVISIONS commanders as the flat-ship of the fleet, and that, until we shall have reduced Grand Gulf, it is important that I should have control, by arrangement, of her movements with the other transport. I should state that, in the estimate of the capacities of vessels to carry troops, the Price was set down at 1,200. I am informed that she will only carry 250, and with even that small number she would be unable to use her guns.

General Carr is embarked. So is General Osterhaus, except the brigade from General Smith. General [A. J.] Smith is under orders to remove with the rest of his DIVISION to a point opposite to or below, and as near as may be to, Grand Gulf, and take with him the detachment from General Osterhaus, now on the way.

As yet, it does not appear that the limited number of small and inferior transports at my disposal will enable me to take more than two DIVISIONS, excluding General Hovey's, which I was very anxious to take. Can't the gunboats take it, or a large portion of it, down to Hard Times, 3 miles above Grand Gulf, and put it out there until the other transports are unloaded and can come back for it? This would place a good DIVISION under an able officer in supporting distance of the advance. I hope you will urge this.

JOHN A. McClernand.

PERKIN'S PLANTATION, La., April 28, 1863.

Major General John A. McClernand, Comdg. Thirteenth Army Corps:

In disembarking Carr's DIVISION at Hard Times, leave his artillery on board the transports, and, when Hovey's DIVISION moves, let it be with infantry only. Carr's artillery will operate with Hovey until his own can be brought forward. This arrangement will save time.

U. S. GRANT.

MILLIKEN'S BEND, April 28, 1863.

Major-General GRANT, Comdg. Dept. of the Tennessee, Carthage:

DEAR GENERAL: I received your letter of the 27th last night, and early this morning went to see Captain Breese, and agreed with him as to the demonstration on Haynes' Bluff the moment the Choctaw arrives. She was at Memphis last Saturday, and should be here

to-day. I will take, ten steamers and ten regiments, and go up the Yazoo as close to Haynes' as possible without putting the transport under the rifled guns of the enemy. We will make as strong a demonstration as possible. The troops will all understand the purpose, and will not be hurt by the repulse.

