
IV. Wood's and Barrett's batteries will be embarked at Milliken's Bend, and will afterward be distributed, one section of guns to a boat, on the forward decks of hay bales.

V. Although there be no intention to make an attack on Haynes' Bluff, or, indeed, to disembark the troops, yet all preparation should be made to take advantage of any opportunity afforded by events. Officers and surgeons will make the same preparations as though a battle were contemplated.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., April 28, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS, Asst. Adjt. General, Milliken's, La.:

Asboth reported night before last that Cape Girardeau, now garrisoned by McNeil, was attacked by Marmaduke. I directed him to send two regiments of infantry there from Columbus, with a section of artillery, and squadron of Fourth Missouri Cavalry, which has been done. They are to return to Columbus as soon as troops come down from Saint Louis.

I am now temporarily mounting the Sixth Iowa Infantry on horses and mules captured in the Chalmers expedition, and shall send them, with the SECOND Iowa Cavalry and Fourth Illinois, to meet Grierson on his return, and disperse any force that may be gathering to annoy or impede him. Grierson has the Sixth and Seventh Illinois, and is, I think, strong enough to come through.

Loring has moved to Grenada from Greenwood, but, I think, not in time to interfere with Grierson.

Your obedient servant,S. A. HURLBUT.

BELOW GRAND GULF, La., April 29, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN, Comdg. Fifteenth Army Corps:

We have had terrific cannonading all day, without silencing the enemy's guns. Finding the position too strong, late in the day I decided to again run the blockade, which has been successfully done.

I shall be able to effect a landing to-morrow, either at the lower end of Grand Gulf or below Bayou Pierre, with all of McClernand's corps and Logan's DIVISION. Have also a SECOND DIVISION of McPherson's command that can be landed next day.

Move up to Perkins' plantation with two DIVISIONS of your corps as rapidly as possible. Leave the other DIVISION for the present to occupy from Young's Point to Richmond, and to hasten up supplies and ordnance and Bingham, the public teams and barges, rations ought to get along to supply the army. The cavalry can collect beef-cattle and grain for some little time.

Direct the two regiments of cavalry brought down from Helena to move forward on this line, one to occupy from Richmond to Smith's plantation and the other to come on to Perkins' plantation.

U. S. GRANT.

