
MEMPHIS, Tenn., April 29, 1863-6 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Scout just in from Jackson, MISS., reports that Grierson has destroyed 20 miles of Southern Mississippi Railroad, burning thirteen trestles, destroying one culvert, and capturing three trains of cars. The enemy are gathering near Okolona to intercept his return. I have sent 1,200 men this morning from La Grange to take them in the rear and help Grierson. His orders are to return by Alabama. If accomplished as reported, it is a gallant thing.

S. A. HURLBUT.

CORINTH, April 29, 1863-5. 30 p. m.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Scouts in from Hamburg report that all the gunboats (five) and all transport (nine) left Hamburg at 11 o'clock to-day to descend river, to return no more. The Marine Brigade left last Friday. Had severe fight at mouth of Duck River. Three gunboats, that came up with the order for Stanley and gunboats to go out, had also encountered light battery, and had fight at same place. Dodge took rations of bread and meat; balance of stores were taken back on transports. This leaves river open again. I shall have to communicate with Dodge through country, 50 miles. No other information to-day.

R. J. OGLESBY.

CORINTH, April 29, 1863-10 p. m.

Major-General HURLBUT:

It would be impossible for Dodge to move a force in the direction of Okolona before Friday morning. Now that gunboats have gone, he will have to guard his rear to crossing of Bear Creek. Do not believe it prudent to reduce his force. Better send 1,000 men from here; but I have no artillery to send with them. Dodge has

twenty-four guns.

R. J. OGLESBY.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HE GULF, Brashear City, April 30, 1863-6 a. m.

Major-General GRANT:

DEAR SIR: I modify my dispatch sent by the admiral so far as to recommend the union of our forces on the Bayou Sara. My fear was that out supplies could not be made secure, but upon further reflection I am satisfied that, with the force you propose to send and my own, we can march directly to the rear of Port Hudson, and thus open communication by the way of Baton Rouge for all supplies. In this view, the Bayou Sara route is the most feasible. We are anxious to hear from you. There is no news here.

Very truly, yours,N. P. BANKS.

STEAMER SYKES, Atchfalaya River, April 30, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

DEAR SIR: It is of the utmost possible importance that you should send a force to the Red River immediately to co-operate with army and

