
navy now here. We have the Atchafalaya and the mouth of the Red River. An addition to my force now will give us to the whole country WEST of the Mississippi.

Please give me all information of your movements in this direction.

Very truly, yours,

N. P. BANKS.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, On the Road to Port Gibson, MISS., April 30, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,Commanding Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I am pushing forward the Thirteenth Army Corps, with the hope of seizing the bridge across Bayou Pierre, near that place. Please cause all that belong to the corps in the rear to follow rapidly.

JOHN A. McClernand.

NEAR GRAND GULF, MISS., April 30, 1863.

Colonel J. D. BINGHAM,

Chief Quartermaster:

Prepare two guns to run the blockade, with two barges each in tow. Colonel Macfeely will have the barges loaded to nearly their full capacity with rations, and then fill up with oats and hay, so as to cover the tugs as nearly as possible. Do this with all expedition, in forty-eight hours from receipt of orders, if possible. Time is of immense importance. Should their crews decline coming through, call on the commanding officer for volunteers, and discharge the crews. Those volunteering will be continued after running the blockade.

U. S. GRANT.

LA GRANGE, April 30, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

I sent a party last evening to overtake Hatch and give him information of Grierson's doings and movements, together with an order to pass in and engage Chalmers. I also sent a scout to Grierson, to tell him what we are doing. Can the force at Corinth or Tuscumbia render any assistance moving toward Alabama?

WM. SOOY SMITH.

COLUMBUS, Ky., April 30, 1863-10. 20 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Memphis, Tenn.:

At the request of Major-General Curtis, I ordered, on 28th, six companies of Fourth Missouri Cavalry to co-operate with the New Madrid troops against Marmaduke, and to operate on their return on the Obion against the two rebel captains, Porter and Cotter. I have not yet head from the expedition, but Captain Frank Moore, SECOND Illinois Cavalry, has just reported with Captain Cotter and 25 of his men, captured in the vicinity of Eaton, Gibson County, Tennessee, after a six

