
here, I prevent them from sending re-enforcements from Port Hudson to Alexandria.

General Banks, learning that the gunboats had passed Vicksburg, had calculated on my being able to meet him at Alexandria, and so I will if the boats come down to me. I have written a most imploring appeal to the admiral for them; otherwise, my time and fuel being nearly expended, I shall soon have to abandon my post and return to New Orleans. The enemy have sent every man that they can spare to Johnston, in anticipation of the coming battle between him and Rosecrans. If I had obtained the two iron-clads I asked for, I would have been, I think, this day with General Banks in Alexandria. How it will be now I cannot tell.

The enemy has removed the guns of the Indianola from Fort De Russy, Red River (where the Queen of the WEST was captured from us), to Alexandria, to defend that city. There are no guns between this and Alexandria, but his ship draws too much water, and the two small boats would be captured by the enemy's fleet of gunboats and transport by boarding.

I can get no news of General Banks, since Monday last. We learn through rebel sources that your cavalry has made a raid on the Jackson Railroad. I sincerely hope it is true.

Very truly and respectfully,

D. G. FARRAGUT.

NEAR GRAND GULF, MISS., May 1, 1863.

Major General John A. McClernand, Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

Push the enemy, with skirmishers well thrown out, until it gets too dark to see him; then place your command on eligible ground, wherever night finds you. Part your artillery so as to command the surrounding country, and renew the attack at early dawn. If possible, push the enemy from the field or capture him. No

camp-fires should be allowed, unless in deep ravines, and to the rear of the troops.

U. S. GRANT.

FLAG-SHIP BLACK HAWK, May 1, 1863.

Major-General BLAIR, Commanding DIVISION:

DEAR GENERAL: Please keep one regiment on picket up about the burned houses, with orders to feel across north and east toward the bluff. Also one regiment below the flat, along the levee, which also leads back to the bluff. Also let one boat across to the other side of Yazoo, and feel along up the bank as far as water will permit. I think this party will be able to get a good look at the reach, at the head of which the heavy battery is. Instruct each officer to keep up the idea of our attacking as soon as we can find a road across. We will call in the pickets this evening and drop down, but to-day the firing of heavy ordnance will depend on the enemy. We will seem to be feeling for a disembarkation. Look out for those small Whitworth bolts from the hill abreast of us. In case of real danger of serious damage, order the boats to drop down out of danger.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN.

