
FLAG-SHIP BLACK HAWK, May 1, 1863.

Major-General BLAIR:

DEAR GENERAL: I inclose for your perusal a letter* just received from General Grant. I have, in pursuance thereof, ordered Steele and Tuttle to move at once Perkins' plantation. Instead of disembarking at Chickasaw this p. m., perform the same programme, except at 8 p. m. move down stream slowly to Chickasaw, and, when that is passed, run back to our old camp at Young's Point, and move all your DIVISION, camp and garrison equipage, everything, to Milliken's Bend, according to our first orders of march. Your DIVISION will remain at Milliken's Bend, awaiting further orders and to cover this end. I shall in person go to Perkins, via Milliken's Bend. I will hammer away this p. m., because Major Rowley, now here, says that our DIVISION has had perfect success, great activity being seen in Vicksburg, and troops pushing up this way. By prolonging the effort, we give Grant more time. Therefore, move quietly after dark (8 p. M.), slowly, till we are about Johnston's, and then let out for home. Make immediate orders to cover the case.

Yours,

SHERMAN.

MEMPHIS, Tenn., May 1, 1863.

Major General RICHARD J. OGLESBY, Corinth, MISS.:

As soon as Dodge gets to Burnsville, or in supporting distance of Corinth, left him send all the cavalry he can spare through Jacinto and Booneville, WEST of railroad, to effect junction with Hatch, who has gone toward Okolona from La Grange, to attack rebel force meeting there to intercept Grierson on his return.

S. A. HURLBUT.

CORINTH, May 1, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

If you can do so, please stop transports from Eastport, and order 300 saddles and equipments taken off and send to Dodge here. Dodge gave Streigth 300 saddles and equipments from boats. They left before he got attack to Eastport. He fears he will lose them. Dodge wishes artillery ammunition taken off also, which he placed on same boats. Streight left Tuscumbia Sunday night. Dodge followed Monday morning. Met the enemy at Town Creek, and had a fight. Drove them off on Tuesday. Streight got two days' march on them, and went toward the mountains.

On the 28th, Van Dorn appeared at Florence with a heavy force. Dodge fell back to Tuscumbia.

On the 29th, returned to Little Bear Creek.

Last night (30th), to Big Bear Creek. Will try to cross and get to Burnsville to-night. I am sending him 8,000 rations to Burnsville. Van Dorn has FIFTEEN pieces of artillery, and has fallen down to Brush Creek, toward Eastport. Roddey's force fell back toward Decatur. Is not following Dodge.

R. J. OGLESBY.

---------------

*Of April 29, See p. 246.

---------------

