
tugs. I know such an expedition made and repeated occasionally will prevent any small party from coming across to molest out trains pouring along the road to Carthage.

I wish you would cause a thorough inspection of the invalid camps and see that men do not shirk labor. I feel assured in them you will find plenty of men who can do all the heavy detail work of unloading steamboats and loading up wagons. This will leave your regiments for real soldier duty.

I will communicate with you often, and keep you advised of the actual state of affairs.

Send the cavalry forward at once, that I may station them for carrying dispatches and exploring the country beyond Bayou Vidal.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN.

GRAND GULF, MISS., May 2, 1863.

Commanding Officer of U. S. Forces at or near Port Gibson, MISS.:

SIR: I have the honor to request that you will allow a suspension of hostilities between our forces for the period of twenty-four hours, and extend the usual privilege of burying my dead and looking after my wounded. I would ask that 1 field officer be allowed to go from each brigade, and 1 officer of the line, with 10 men from each regiment.

Lieutenant Frank [Francis] Carter, aide-de-camp, the bearer of this dispatch, is fully authorized to arrange any terms that may be deemed advisable.

Very respectfully,

JNumber S. BOWEN,

Brigadier General Provisional Army C. S.

SPECIAL ORDERS.] PORT GIBSON, MISS., May 2, 1863.

Brigadier General Michael K. Lawler, U. S. Volunteers, will report to Brigadier General E. A. Carr, commanding Fourteenth DIVISION of the Thirteenth Army Corps, for duty.

JOHN A. McClernand.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Number 29. Camp before Vicksburg, May 2, 1863.

I. The THIRD DIVISION, brigadier-General Tuttle commanding, will move via Richmond and Smith's plantation to Perkin's plantation, on the Mississippi, below Carthage.

II. The First DIVISION, Major-General Steele commanding, will move via Richmond and Smith's plantation to Perkin's.

These two DIVISIONS will dispose of their camps, property, convalescents, and sick in the manner described in General Orders, Number 26.

III. The SECOND DIVISION, Major-General Blair commanding, will move from its present camp to Milliken's Bend, selecting good camps in compact shape, and will guard this end of the line as far as Richmond. Special written instructions will be given to General Blair from time to time by General Grant, or the general commanding this corps.

IV. The commanding general Fifteenth Army Corps will move to-day to Milliken's Bend; this evening, or early to-morrow morning, to

