
JACKSON, May 2, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel BINMORE, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

I returned here this morning. General Dodge returned to Corinth last night. His force will be in to day. Have ordered brigade to return here as soon as can procure transportation. I sent from Burnsville this morning Colonel Cornyn, with Tenth Missouri, Seventh Kansas, Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry, and 200 mounted infantry, with ten days' rations, to join Colonel Hatch, as directed.

R. J. OGLESBY.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Opelousas, La., May 3, 1863-Noon.

Major-General GRANT:

DEAR SIR: If you can forward by the Black River the corps mentioned in your dispatches, we can expel the enemy from Louisiana; and holding between us the country WEST of the Mississippi-you by the Tensas and Black and I by the Atchafalaya-Vicksburg and Port Hudson must fall. Both depend upon the country west. Can you not forward these troops now? It is of the most vital importance that we should be strong here now, when the enemy is panic-stricken.

I send information received here of the movements of Kirby Smith. Can you inform me of the forces in Arkansas? I shall move in the direction of Alexandria to-morrow morning, to ascertain the enemy's force and intentions in that quarter. This will determine my immediate movements.

Very truly, yours,N. P. BANKS.

BELOW GRAND GULF, MISS., May 3, 1863.

VIA MEMPHIS, Tenn., May 10.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

When the troops left Grand Gulf to meet General Grant, the SECOND Missouri Regiments, 400 strong, was left as a garrison. This morning 4. 30 o'clock, the three magazines were blow up, and the five heavy guns, except one; prior to which the regiment left, except 2 men to fire the trains. Admiral Porter proceeded to the place with his fleet, and took possession.

L. THOMAS.

GRINDSTONE FORD, MISS., May 3, 1863-6. 55 a. m.

Major General John A. McClernad, Comdg. Thirteenth Army Corps:

By working all night, the bridge at this crossing was got ready for the troops at sunrise. Before one brigade had finished crossing, the enemy opened on the head of the column with artillery. It is also stated by contrabands that the enemy were re-enforced during the night.

Under these circumstances, I deem it prudent to guard all the roads to the rear. You will, therefore, leave one brigade of you reserve DIVISION at the crossing of Bayou Pierre, on the direct road from Port Gibson to Grand Gulf. Direct them to keep pickets far down the river, to watch the enemy's movements in that direction.

