
As one DIVISION of the SEVENTEENTH Army Corps moved on the Grand Gulf road, and two other DIVISIONS of the same corps on the Vicksburg road, it is believe that, if any surprise or attack should be attempted by the enemy, it will be from the northeast, on the Jackson road, or from the east, on some private road. If, however, the DIVISIONS of the SEVENTEENTH Army Corps should be forced back, which is improbable, it would be necessary to maintain the approaches from Grand Gulf and Vicksburg.

Pickets should be thrown out, and great vigilance observe.

JOHN A. McClernand.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Grand Gulf, La., May 3, 1863.

Brigadier General J. C. SULLIVAN,Comdg. Troops between Milliken's Bend and Smith's Plantation:

GENERAL: You will give special attention to the matter of shortening the line of land transportation from above Vicksburg to the steamers below. As soon as the river has fallen sufficiently, you will have a road construct from Young's Point to a landing just below Warrenton, and dispose of your troops accordingly. Everything depends upon the promptitude with which our supplies are forwarded.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, Milliken's Bend, May 4, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Blair.

I have no troops with whom to execute this order. Major-General Blair having assigned command at this point, and having control of all the forces, is, therefore, the proper officer to execute the provisions of this order.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,Comdg. Troops between Milliken's Bend and Smith's Plantation.

GRAND GULF, MISS., May 3, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN, Comdg. Fifteenth Army Corps:

My base is now at this place, and, in executing your orders for joining me, you will govern yourself accordingly.

I wish you to collect a train of 120 wagons at Milliken's Bend and Perkin's plantation. Send them to Grand Gulf, and there load them with rations, as follows: One hundred thousand pounds of bacon, the balance coffee, sugar, salt, and hard bread. For your own use, on the march from Grand Gulf, you will draw five days' rations, and see that they last five days.

It is unnecessary for me to remind you of the overwhelming importance of celerity in your movements.

On the 1st instant, at 2 a. m., we met the enemy, 11,000 or 12,000 men, under [J. S.] Bowen, with [M. E.] Baldwin, and engaged them hotly all day, driving them constantly. Our victory was complete. We captured 500 prisoners, four guns, killed General

