
The Forest Queen is said to be the only boat now available to cross men and materials of war. Would not be exigency justify the risk of running the blockade with additional transports?

General Logan's DIVISION is up to Rocky Springs.

JOHN A. McClernand.

ROCKY SPRINGS, MISS., May 7, 1863.

Major General John A. McClernand, comdg. Thirteenth Army Corps:

If your rations are up, so as to give you three or more days on hand move in the morning to Auburn with at least one DIVISION, and the remainder between that and Baldwin's. You have a direct route to Auburn, and also to Baldwin's.

I do not yet know if there are intermediate roads. If there are, move one DIVISION on each of the roads named, and the other two on the intermediate roads. Should there be but the two roads, move the four DIVISIONS so as to bring them well up on the line connecting the two places. General McPherson will move on a road south of you, so as to be well up.

Send all the teams you can spare, after putting three days' rations in the men's haversacks, back to Grand Gulf for rations and ammunition. Sherman's forces being in the rear, will protect our trains for one more trip, if they move promptly. Send me a statement of the amount of rations and ammunition you have on hand on the way between Grand Gulf and your camp. Trains should not go entirely unguarded, but should be accompanied by at least 2 men to each wagon.

U. S. GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Camp on Big Black, MISS., May 7, 1863.

Brigadier General M. M. CROCKER, Comdg. Seventh DIVISION:

GENERAL: As soon as your DIVISION is relieved a DIVISION of General Sherman's corps, you will move forward to Rocky Springs, or any other point which may be designated in the mean time.

The men will always be provided with three days' cooked rations, in haversack, and the trains of the DIVISION will carry all the ammunition and provisions the possibly can.

One brigade of General Sherman's DIVISION, with a battery, will be instructurs at the bridge across Big Black.

Very respectfully,JAS. B. McPHERSON.

ROCKY SPRINGS, MISS., May 1863.

Major General John A. LOGAN, Comdg. THIRD DIVISION:

GENERAL: You will move your command to-morrow morning, at 6 o'clock, in the direction of Utica, and will camp to-morrow night at or in the immediate vicinity of that place. I sent you a sketch showing the relative position of this point, with others which will be occupied by our troops to-morrow night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

