
ROCKY SPRINGS, MISS., may 9, 1863-9 p. m.

Major General John A. McClernand, comdg. Thirteenth Army Corps:

Move your command to-morrow on the Telegraph road to Five-Mile Creek. Instructions have been given to Generals Sherman and McPherson to move so as to continue on the same general front with you.

Have all the lateral roads leading from you line of march carefully examined, to facilitate communication with the other corps in case of necessity.

Please send a competent officer to Perkins' plantation to superintend the transportation of your remaining camp and garrison equipage to Grand Gulf, and the storage thereof at that point.

U. S. GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Big Sandy, May 9, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. Dept. Of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of this date is this moment received. A train with a limited quantity of ammunition and rations came up late last evening. It will take some time to sort and issue the ammunition; also to issue the rations. I hope to have all done by or before 9 o'clock in the morning, and to take up the line of march, at least by that hour, for Five Mile Creek, which is about 10 miles from here. The reconnoitering party sent out by me this morning, and of which I advised you, went to Five-Mile Creek, and have returned. A reconnoitering party of the enemy had some as far in this direction as Cayuga, but had returned just before my party reached that place. Please advise me what relation General Sherman's and McPherson's corps will bear during the advance to mine.

I send an orderly to bring any information you may be pleased to give me on this point.

Your most obedient servant,JOHN A. McClernand.

CAMP AT HANKINSON'S FERRY, May 9,[1863]-4 a. m.

Major-General GRANT:

Yours of May 8 is received. It came too late to halt one of my brigades at the forks of the road, but I will send orders for Tuttle to remain at Willow Springs, which will cover the same point, and I advise you to issue some general order, and send it to all points, prescribing just how many wagons there shall be to each regiment, how many to each brigade,&amp;c., on this march. There are 500 wagons across the river, and with each his an officer pressing to have it over, as if the absolute safety of the army depends on that wagon. Make some uniform and just rule, and send somebody back to regulate this matter, or your road will be crowed and jammed unless it is done.

McArthur is ready to cross over, and can escort trains out. Blair will be there to-day or to-morrow, and should remain at Hard Times still you have all the wagons and provisions you aim to secure. It is useless to push out men here till their supplies are regulated, unless you intend to live on the country.

Hillyer is doing his best, but each corps and DIVISION and brigade

