
commander is there, urging forward his particular wagon, and the steamboat can only bring wagons is a particular ratio.

The rule I adopted was:

1. Two wagons per regiment of troops.

2. Wagons exclusively loaded with provisions and ammunition.

3. According to the discretion of the officer in charge.

I left Colonel [George A.] Stone at Hard Times, but Blair will be there to-night.

Please make a general order on this subject at once; publish it to all corps, DIVISIONS, and brigades, and let Hillyer enforce it. Stop all troops till your army is partially supplied with wagons, and then act as quickly as possible, for this road will be jammed as sure as life if you attempt to supply 50,000 men by one single road.

I will halt Steele's DIVISION here, Tuttle's at Willow Springs, and Blair's at Hard Times, each ordered to keep supplied with beef and corn, and as much bread, sugar, and coffee as possible.

General Crocker moves to the front to-day.

Yours, in haste,

W. T. SHERMAN.

ROCKY SPRINGS, MISS., May 9, 1863.

Major T. S. BOWERS,

Judge-Advocate-General, actg. Asst. Adjt. General:

What I have wished to impress upon the generals remaining on the Louisiana side of the Mississippi is, that the wagon road from Milliken's Bend to Perkin's plantation should be shortened by every possible means, and that, when circumstances will admit of it, it shall run from Young's Point to a point below Warrenton. Meanwhile all possible exertion should be made to keep the army supplied by the present route.

Hard bread, coffee, and salt should be kept up anyhow, and then the other articles of the rations as they can be supplied.

Has either of the regiments of cavalry from Helena reported? As soon as they arrive, send one of them forward with all dispatch.

U. S. GRANT.

ROCKY SPRINGS, MISS., May 9, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

I do not calculate upon the possibility of supplying the army with full rations from Grand Gulf. I know it will be impossible without constructing additional roads. What I do expect, however, is to get up what rations of hard bread, coffee, and salt we can, and make the country furnish the balance. We started from Bruinsburg with an average of about two days' rations, and received no more from our own supplies for some days. Abundance was found in the mean time. Some corn meal, bacon, and vegetables were found, and an abundance of beef and mutton.

A delay would give the enemy time to re-enforce and fortify. If Blair were up now, I believe we could be in Vicksburg in seven days. The command here has an average of about three days' rations, which could be made to last that time. You are in a country where the troops have already lived off the people for some days, and may find provisions

