
CAMP AT CROSS-ROADS, seven miles from Utica, May 9, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: General Crocker's DIVISION arrived here and went into camp at 2 p. m.

General Logan's DIVISION is just coming up. Colonel Wright's cavalry are in Utica, and have has some little skirmishing with the enemy. I inclose his report. * The information that I have been able to obtain thus far is very indefinite.

I sent Captain Foster to the front, where Newland's Mills used to be; there are no such mills in existence, having been destroyed a few years since. He saw or heard nothing of the enemy.

Colonel Strong and Lieutenant Gile, with a few orderlies, went through from this point to Cayuga. A short time before they reached the town, 50 rebel cavalry were there. About half of them left and went toward Jackson; the remainder went to Utica.

Some of the citizens in the vicinity of Utica say Beauregard is at or near Jackson.

I may be able to get some more authentic information before morning; if so, will send it to you immediately.

Please find a sketch of my camp, and a Vicksburg paper of the 6th instant. +

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

IN FIELD, rocky Springs, MISS., May 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General McARTHUR,

Commanding Sixth DIVISION:

DEAR GENERAL: Yours of the 8th instant+ has just to hand, and I am extremely anxious for you to come forward to the front with your command as soon as possible. We want every available man in the field when the battle come off, which cannot now be long delayed. Of course, you cannot move the whole of your command until the new road is completed, as it will not answer to leave our only line of supplies unguarded.

Two brigades, however, may be more than are necessary to guard your portion of the line; if so, send one immediately, to be followed by the other at the earliest practicable.

You can consult with Colonel Hillyer as to which will be the most expeditious for your command-to be taken on boats from James' plantation to Grand Gulf, or for you to march to Hard Times Landing, via Lake Saint Joseph.

Bring with you what hard bread, coffee,&amp;c., you can, and ammunition. Provisions, except meats, are very scarce.

I march this morning toward Utica, which you will find on the inclosed map. + I am gratified to hear the officers and men are well and in good spirits.

I have been trying to get you all forward since I first reached Perkins' plantation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

---------------

*See Wright to Rawlins, may 8, p. 283.

+Not found.

---------------

