
may last. I would urgently request, therefore, that you join me or send all the force you can spare to co-operate in the great for opening the Mississippi River.

My means of gaining information from Port Hudson are not good, but I shall, even before this reaches Baton Rouge, to hear of your forces being on the way here.

Grierson's cavalry would be of immense service to me now, and if at all practicable for him to join me, I would like to have him do it at once.

For fear of this accidentally falling into the hands of the enemy, I will not communicate to you my force.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Cayuga, MISS., May 10, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. Dept. of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: The head of my column is arrived at this place. Its advance guard is at Five-Mile Creek. Various rumors of the enemy's crossing detachments of cavalry and infantry over Big Black are afloat, but as yet are unauthenticated.

I beg to remind you again that my corps is supplied with a very small number of teams, and their cooking utensils in large part are behind. It is but just, both to you and myself, that this fact should be stated.

Your most obedient servant,JOHN A. McClernand.

CAYUGA, MISS., May 10, 1863-4 p. m.

Major General John A. McClernand, Comdg. Thirteenth Army Corps:

Your note, written at 9 a. m., is just received. My headquarters will remain here to-night and be removed to Auburn in the morning. You need not move to-morrow, except to better your position on Five-Mile Creek.

Sherman, whose rear will not be able to pass this place to-night, will move up so as to be about the same distance from the Vicksburg and Jackson Railroad as yourself. McPherson will also move on to about the same east and WEST line, starting from Utica.

Your note complains of want of transportation. I have passed one and a part of another of your DIVISIONS, and an satisfied that the transportation with them, to say nothing of the large number of mules mounted by soldiers, would carry the essential part of five days' rations for the command to which they belong, if relieved of the knapsacks, officers, soldiers, and negroes now riding. You should take steps to make the means at hand available for bringing up the articles necessary for your corps. Equal facilities have been given each of the army corps in all respects, no special order having been given to favor any one, except to give the first 30 wagons to the Thirteenth Army Corps.

U. S. GRANT.

CAYUGA, MISS., May 10, 1863.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON, Comdg. SEVENTEENTH Army Corps:

General McClernand is now on Five-Mile Creek, on the Telegraph road to Edwards Station. He is directed to move no farther to-morrow, but to reconnoiter the road to Fourteen-Mile Creek.

19 R R-VOL. XXIV, PT. III

