
Sherman will not get much past this place to-night. In the morning he will move forward to Auburn, and, if he meets with no resistance, will throw his advance forward to Fourteen-Mile Creek, on the Raymond road.

Move your command forward also, so as to occupy something near the same east and WEST line with the other army corps. Let me know what point you move to. Send your cavalry out to watch the enemy as far to the southeast as you can.

U. S. GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Weeks' Plantation, 4 miles east of Utica, May 10, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,Commanding Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find a sketch of my position. * The road is very dry and dusty following the divide between Big Black and north fork of Bayou Pierre. There are no streams on the road, and the troops have suffered some for want of water.

On my arrival in Utica about noon, I found Colonel Wright, with his cavalry, who reported considerable skirmishing with the enemy, but as no one was hurt, the skirmishing amounted to very little. There were probably 100 rebel cavalry in our front, and a small force reported at the bridge across Tallahala Creek, north fork of Bayou Pierre, on the road to Crystal Springs. I immediately dispatches Colonel Wright, with his whole cavalry force, in a southeast direction crossing the creek lower down than where this force was said to be stationed, and then to proceed up on the south side and cut them off, if possible. He was also instructed to learn all he could be of the movements of the enemy, and as it is only 18 or 20 miles to the Mississippi Central Railroad, and probably not many troops in that direction, to make a dash over that way, and destroy the telegraph and railroad track, if he should find it practicable.

A forward movement of about 5 miles will bring me on an east and WEST line with Auburn, and near one of the branches of

Fourteen-Mile Creek.

I had to be guided to-day in selecting camps somewhat by the chances of getting water.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Number 81. Week's Plantation, MISS., May 10, 1863.

* * * * *

II. Major General John A. Logan, commanding THIRD DIVISION, will move forward his command to-morrow morning at 6. 30 o'clock.

III. Brigadier General M. M. Crocker, commanding Seventh DIVISION, will move forward his command to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock.

By order of Major-General McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

