
MEMPHIS, Tenn., May 10, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Milliken's Bend, La.:

SIR: I received, by Colonel [John] Riggin [jr.], on Friday, at 7 p. m., orders for five regiments to be sent to Milliken's Bend. They were on the boats before 10 p. m. on Saturday. I also received orders for movement of the Fourth DIVISION. They are ready, and await transportation. To supply the vacuum at Memphis, I have ordered down two regiments from Columbus, now on their way, and a few from Corinth, which will be here to-day or to-morrow.

As I have a very strong interest in my old DIVISION, and know their preference, I respectfully ask of the major general commanding to attach them to General Sherman's corps, as they and I have the fullest confidence and largest acquaintance with him and his command. I send them with their entire regimental and DIVISION train, as I suppose they will be needed for public service.

I inclose copy of dispatch from Dodge as to the doings of his cavalry near Okolona. Hatch had been down in that neighborhood three days before, and I think I shall keep up a succession of cavalry movements in that corner of the State until I hear from Streight's expedition, about which I am anxious.

I hope you will be able to send this DIVISION back across the country from Vicksburg. I hope they are not to be permanently separated from this command.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.

[Inclosure.]

CORINTH, may 9, 1863.

Major-General OGLESBY, Jackson:

Cavalry have returned. They fought at Tupelo Wednesday, and whipped Generals Ruggles and Gholson badly. Captured 81 prisoners of war, representing ten regiments and battalions; captured 150 horses and any quantity of shot-guns, rifles,&amp;c. General Chalmers was at Pontotoc with 2,500 men, but did not get into the fight. One brigade of infantry (Arkansas) came to Okolona on Saturday and Sunday by cars; also one regiment of cavalry. The SECOND Alabama arrived there from Pensacola. They profess to be able to throw troops enough into the place to stop us in twenty-four hours. The cars run to Okolona. A flag of truce came in from Major-General [S. J.] Gholson in relation to the prisoners. It was of no great importance. The officer says we cut them up badly.

G. M. DODGE.

(Same, Oglesby to Binmore.)

JACKSON, May 10, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel BINMORE, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

Dodge says with the 40 cars at Corinth to-day and the 12 sent down to-night, he will get off only half of Fuller's brigade. We have no more railroad transportation to send him.

Dodge says scout in from Alabama to-day [says] that two regiments of Forrest's command passed through Burleson two days ago, going to Tupelo.

R. J. OGLESBY.

