
report to General Hovey. Captain Patterson, commanding pioneer corps, and Major [Daniel B.] Bush [jr.], commanding the cavalry, should report to General Hovey, immediately, who will use the cavalry to guard the column against surprise.

The ambulance train will immediately follow their respective DIVISIONS. The Tenth DIVISION, General Smith, will take up the line of march at 4 o'clock to-morrow morning for Fourteen-Mile Creek, and will move from Cayuga, via Baldwin's Ferry, to such point upon that creek as will connect the right of his DIVISION with the left of the remainder of the corps. If General Smith can find a more direct route, cutting off the angle of Baldwin's Ferry, and to the WEST of the route of the other DIVISIONS, he will adopt it in preference to the route via Baldwin's Ferry. In either or any case, however, he will make such disposition of a part his force as will enable him to prevent the enemy from passing troops in the east bank of Big Black, at or near Baldwin's Ferry. It is expected that the columns moving upon the two routes mentioned will move rapidly, but cautiously, so as to arrive at Fourteen-Mile Creek at the same time. In the absence of an engagement in approaching the creek, it is intended that the corps will form a compact line behind the creek, resting its right upon the Edwards Station road.

It is also expected that General Sherman's left will rest upon the same road, and that the movements of both corps will be so regulated as that both will arrive at the creek at about the same time.

If in approaching the creek an engagement ensues, of course the different DIVISIONS of the Thirteenth Army Corps will be applied as circumstances may dictate.

JOHN A. McClernand.

CAYUGA, MISS., May 11, 1863.

Major General John A. McClernand, comdg. Thirteenth Army Corps:

The Fifteenth Army Corps is here, with six brigades and but four batteries, and all of them smooth-bore guns. The equalize the artillery, it will be necessary to retransfer the battery give to you from that corps, whilst at Milliken's Bend, and also to temporarily detach a section of 20-pounder Parrotts for the ensuing battle. Four 20-pounder Parrotts are enough to handle in this timbered country, and these two guns will help the Fifteenth Army Corps in action very materially.

U. S. GRANT.

CAYUGA, MISS., May 11, 1863.

Major General John A. McClernand, comdg. Thirteenth Army Corps;

The battery you were expected to send to Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, in pursuance of the directions of the general commanding, of this date, was the First Iowa Battery, Captain Griffiths commanding, formerly with General Sherman. You will, therefore, order the First Iowa Battery, Captain Griffiths commanding, to report immediately to Major General W. T. Sherman. The one you directed to report to him will be returned to you.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumber A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

