
CAYUGA, MISS., May 11, 1863-8. 15 p. m.

Major General John A. McClernand, comdg. Thirteenth Army Corps:

In accordance with my verbal instructions this afternoon, you will move your command at daylight to-morrow on the Auburn and Edwards Station road, and, if practicable, a part of one DIVISION by the road to the westward of the one just mentioned. Move cautiously, but rapidly as convenient, and so that your entire corps will arrive on the Fourteen-Mile Creek simultaneously and in a compact line. It is also important that your corps reach the creek at or about the time that Sherman's does, he having to move only about 7 miles.

I shall pass to the front early to-morrow, and go to Raymond if I can from that place. I shall return on the road to a convenient point for headquarters in the vicinity of Fourteen-Mile Creek.

U. S. GRANT.

CAYUGA, MISS., May 11, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN, Comdg. Fifteenth Army Corps:

It will be necessary to guard Hall's Ferry with a regiment of infantry and a company of cavalry until our position are fully taken, after which cavalry alone can watch the rear. McClernand is directed to guard Baldwin's Ferry. I will direct Tuttle to send a regiment for this duty, so that you need not make any further detail until you want his relieved by some other troops. A company or squadron of the Iowa cavalry with you should be sent back this evening to stay with the regiment at Hall's Ferry.

U. S. GRANT.

CAYUGA, MISS., May 11, 1863-8. 15 p. m.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN, comdg. Fifteenth Army Corps:

McClernand is ordered to move up by the Telegraph road, also a road to the left of that to Fourteen-Mile Creek, starting at daylight. McPherson is ordered to move on to Raymond. I will go forward

to-morrow, probably as far as Raymond, and return in the evening to near Fourteen-Mile Creek for headquarters.

Colonel Hillyer writes that about 200 wagons are loaded, and will leave for the front to-day, escorted by two regiments.

U. S. GRANT.

HEADQUARTERS Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Auburn, May 11, 1863.

Colonel John A. RAWLINS, assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

SIR: I am halted on the ground at Auburn, near the pond of water described by Captain Prince [W. E. Prime?]. I have ridden forward a mile or so, and water is very scarce to Fourteen-Mile Creek, and, when we cross it, we should push on to Raymond, 11 miles distant.

If McClernand moves on the Telegraph road, he should reach Fourteen-Mile Creek, 8 miles in front of his present camp, at the same time that I do. I shall await orders here.

I sent you two letters back, through Colonel Scates, we found in the post-office here, dated May 10, speaking of assembling many Illinois rations in Vicksburg for the siege. Also one from J. Condit Smith. The messenger who brought it met the wagons I had sent back in anticipation

