
of that very event. These wagons all belong to my corps, and is and will be the reason of my being of provisions and ammunition, but I foresaw that there would be no teams at Milliken's Bend, and, therefore, I ordered back the wagons of my corps, which were acting as a supply train after having deposited their provisions at Perkins. I know of no provisions at Perkins' but those brought by my train, but Smith will now push them forward as fast as possible. I think he will have about 150 wagons, which, if pushed, will make 300 tons, or one steamboat load a day, which would soon make provisions abundant at Grand Gulf.

I think it very prudent to cover Hall's Ferry, and note the fact that one of Tuttle's regiments is detached to that point. I send a company of cavalry to report to the officer commanding the infantry regiment.

I shall expect orders in the course of the night. Prepared to move at daybreak.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN.

CAYUGA POST-OFFICE, MISS., May 11, 1863-1 p. m.

Major General J. G. McPHERSON, Comdg. Seventh Army Corps:

Move your command to-night to the next cross-roads if there is water, and to-morrow with all activity into Raymond. At the latter place will use your utmost exertions to secure all the subsistence stores that may be there, as well as in the vicinity. We must fight the enemy before our rations fail, and we are equally bound to make our rations last as long as possible. Upon one occasion you made two days' rations last seven. We may have to do the same thing again. I look to you to impress the necessity of this upon your DIVISION and brigade commanders, and through them upon the troops.

One train of wagons is now arriving, and another will come with Blair, but withal there remains the necessity of economy in the use of the rations we have, and activity in getting other from the country.

Sherman is now moving out on the Auburn and Raymond road, and will reach Fourteen-Mile Creek to-night. When you arrive at Raymond, he will be in close supporting distance.

I shall move McClernand to Fourteen-Mile Creek early to-morrow, so that he will occupy a place on Sherman's left. I will either see you myself to-morrow at Raymond or send you further instructions to that place.

U. S. GRANT.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Number 82. Roach's Plantation, MISS., May 11, 1863.

I. Major General John A. Logan, commanding THIRD DIVISION, will move forward his command on the road leading to Raymond at 3. 30 a. m.

to-morrow, the 12th instant.

II. Brigadier General M. M. Crocker, commanding Seventh DIVISION, will move forward his command (following the THIRD DIVISION) at 4 a. m.

to-morrow, the 12th instant.

* * * *

By order of Major-General McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,Assistant Adjutant-General.

