
the Fourth, or Smith's, in about its present position. From my map there seems to be two creeks, from 1 to 2 miles in advance of your present position, toward Edwards Station, which you might reach. General Steele has sent one regiments down the north side of Fourteen-Mile Creek to communicate with you.

U. S. GRANT.

DILLON'S PLANTATION, MISS., May 12, 1863-9. 15 p. m.

Major General John A. McClernand, Comdg. Thirteenth Army Corps:

General McPherson gained Raymond this afternoon, after a severe fight of several hours, in which we lost from 400 to 500 killed and wounded. The enemy was driven at all points, leaving most of his wounded and over 100 prisoners in our hands.

He retreated toward Clinton, and no doubt to Jackson. I have determined to follow, and take first the capital of the State. Accordingly McPherson is ordered to move at daylight from Raymond toward Clinton and Jackson. Sherman leaves here at 4 o'clock in the morning, in the same direction. You will start with three of your DIVISIONS as soon as possible, by the road north of Fourteen-Mile Creek, to this place, and on to Raymond. The road is plain, and cannot be mistaken. A supply train left Grand Gulf yesterday, and Blair's DIVISION, with an additional train, to-day.

Under present instructions, these trains will divide at the forks of the road where you and Sherman separated this morning. I would direct, therefore, that your Fourth DIVISION go back to Old Auburn, and wait until these trains come up, both of them, and conduct them after the army on the Raymond road, until they receive further orders from these headquarters.

U. S. GRANT.

DILLON'S PLANTATION, MISS., May 12, 1863-9. 15 p. m.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN, Comdg. Fifteenth Army Corps:

After the severe fight of to-day at Raymond and repulse of the enemy toward Clinton and Jackson, I have determined to move on the latter place by way of Clinton and take the capital of the State, and work from there westward. McPherson is ordered to march at daylight to Clinton. You will march at 4 o'clock in the morning and follow McPherson. McClernand will follow you with three DIVISIONS, and send his fourth back to Old Auburn, to await the arrival of trains now on the road and Blair's DIVISION, to conduct them to the army.

U. S. GRANT.

FOURTEEN-MILE CREEK, MISS., May 12, 1863-10. 45 a. m.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON, Comdg. SEVENTEENTH Army Corps:

Sherman has gained the crossing at this place with a little fighting for it, the enemy having first destroyed the bridges, however. McClernand is WEST from here on the Telegraph road with three DIVISIONS, and one thrown around by Baldwin's Ferry. No news from him yet, but firing reported in that direction. If you have gained Raymond, throw back forces in this direction in this until communication is opened with Sherman. Also feel to the north toward the railroad, and, if possible, de-

