
Our loss was 1 killed, 1 accidentally drowned, 9 slightly wounded, and 3 taken prisoners. We took 2 prisoners from the enemy.

The enemy's troops were commanded by Colonel [F. A.] Bartlett, who has taken the place of colonel [S. L.] Chambliss.

The officers who were met by a flag of truce sent to procure the body of one of our men, who was killed at Pinhook, represented that they had received a re-enforcement of 1,500 men from Delhi the day of the fight, which is possibly true. They represent that 10,000 men came down from Little Rock to Monroe to go to Alexandria, but hearing that place, the troops were not sent there; and if this is true, it may be expected that an attempt will be made to operate upon your line of communication from Duckport to Carthage.

This information was derived from Matt. Johnson, of Wilton's plantation, who has gone over to the enemy and raised a company, and was in the fight. He his the nephew of Colonel Dick Johnson, of Kentucky, and had his family sent to Kentucky from the Bend some time since.

I am informed that I have incurred the displeasure of the commissioners of plantations for withdrawing troops from their neighborhood to concentrate them here, in order to enable me to make this attack, and that they induced General Thomas to ask you to remove me from command of the post in consequence. I consider that the best way of protecting them is to attack the enemy on the other side of the bayou, instead of waiting for them to attack me on this side.

H. T. REID,

JACKSON, May 12, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel BINMORE, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

The following dispatch was received at 11 p. m. last night from General Dodge:

Scouts are coming in from all directions-one from Tuscumbia and one from south and southeast. All the troops from Decatur to Bear Creek have moved in three columns southwest, said to be going to Tupelo, Fulton, and Columbus. Report that [J. B.] Biffle has crossed Tennessee and gone to Fulton. Reason given that they cannot live in the valley. Scouts say Streight was captured within 20 miles of Rome, Ga., and taken there. There are 41 of his wounded and 2 surgeons at Somerville, Ala. Forrest and a force in Georgia captured him. This is all rebel report, but comes by all the scouts. One says he was captured at Blountsville; another says he lost 300 prisoners at Stringer's Gap. He destroyed all of rebel train. There is a movement of a considerable force from the north of Ripley to south side; thence through Russellville toward Columbus or Tupelo. Flag of truce I sent up valley was stopped and turned back, and it was to prevent our finding out this move. I know to certainty that all the troops south of the river have passed south on three roads, as I have cut these roads in several places to-day and all reports agree; also the scouts from up the valley tell the same story. This may have some relation with the Vicksburg report. I send scouts south to-night, and would suggest that they be sent from La Grange.

G. M. DODGE,

R. J. OGLESBY.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, Alexandria, La., May 13, 1863.

General GRANT:

More complete investigation of the country on the Red and Mississippi Rivers leads me to believe that it is possible for me to join you. I shall make every sacrifice and hazard everything to accomplish this object. My advance will move to Simsport, Red River, to-day. I

