
RAYMOND, MISS., May 13, 1863.

Major General John A. McClernand, Comdg. Thirteenth Army Corps:

Colonel [William L.] Duff will point out to you where you can report your command, and march to this place in two columns. McPherson moves direct on Clinton. Sherman takes a right-hand road, about 1 mile from town, and moves toward Jackson.

I want you to place one DIVISION at the point of divergence of the two advance corps, and leave the balance in town and back toward my camp of last night. It would be well to leave one DIVISION back at or near Dillon's plantation. This is where Sherman camped last night.

U. S. GRANT,
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, May 13, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. Dept. of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of this date. In pursuance of your instructions, I set my army corps in motion at 6 a. m., and arrived at this place about 3 p. m. I sent General Osterhaus' DIVISION forward to Raymond, but upon reaching the creek, 4 miles this side, I am just informed by him, he found General Steele's wagon train just starting, and may not be able to reach Raymond to-night, in consequence. If not, he will be at Raymond at 5. 30 a. m. to-morrow. He is instructed, upon reaching Raymond, to make a detail of one regiment, and to fully execute your orders in relation to guards, hospital, and police discipline of soldiers, according to your instructions of yesterday. I sent General Smith's DIVISION to guard, from New Auburn to Raymond, the ammunition and provision trains on their way from the Gulf, together with the trains of the Thirteenth Army Corps. The latter only has arrived. The other DIVISIONS I moved on the north side of Fourteen-Mile Creek. In order to effect this movement safely, and to make a demonstration as directed by you, I threw General Hovey's DIVISION forward within 2 1/2 miles of Edwards Depot, and drew it up in line of battle until the NINTH and Fourteenth DIVISIONS had crossed Baker's Creek, which was attended with some delay, on account of having to explore the road and construct a ford, the bridge having been destroyed. In consequence of this delay, General Hovey's DIVISION did not arrive until 4. 30 p. m. I am happy to be able to report that this movement has been safely effected without loss, although the rear guard was attacked, and we had to skirmish with the enemy, whom we dispersed. On withdrawing the DIVISION from its position, I had anticipated trouble in effecting so delicate a movement with my flank and rear both exposed to attack.

Your obedient servant,JOHN A. McClernand,

RAYMOND, MISS., May 13, 1863-7. 30 p. m.

Major-General McClernand, Comdg. Thirteenth Army Corps:

Move one DIVISION of your corps through this place to Clinton, charging it with destroying the railroad, as far as possible, to a point on the direct Raymond and Jackson road. Move another DIVISION 3 or 4 miles beyond Mississippi Springs, and 8 or 9 miles from this place, and a THIRD to Raymond, ready to support either of the others. Also direct your 30 pounder siege guns to follow close behind the advance guard of the

20 R R-VOL. XXIV, PT. III

