
DIVISION which takes post beyond Mississippi Springs, on the main Jackson road. You will begin your movement at 4 a. m. to-morrow. McPherson reached the railroad at Clinton at 3 p. m. without encountering any serious opposition.

U. S. GRANT,

HDQRS. THIRTEENTH A. C., Fourteen-Mile Creek, May 13, 1863.

Brigadier-Generals HOVEY, OSTERHAUS, and CARR:

DIVISION commanders are notified that the general commanding the department has changed the direction of the general movement from Edwards Station to Jackson, MISS, via Raymond, and that he has required that the Fourteenth, Twelfth, and NINTH DIVISIONS of this corps move on the road north of Fourteen-Mile Creek to Raymond, via Dillon's plantation, the present headquarters of the department.

The execution of this movement will pass the flank and rear of our force in face of the enemy (close by) between Edwards Station and Bolton, and will require great vigilance and promptitude.

General Hovey will move his DIVISION forward at 6 o'clock in the morning, to the first favorable position beyond the point where three roads converge in advance of his present outpost. Of course, skirmish will be sent in advance. On reaching such a position, he will form in line of battle and cover the other DIVISIONS, while they file in his rear to the right, on the Raymond road.

The NINTH and Fourteenth DIVISIONS will hasten to follow the Twelfth DIVISION in this order, to the point where they will turn to the right on the Raymond road, and, when they have passed the Twelfth DIVISION, will fall in the rear and protect it.

The baggage and ammunition trains of the three DIVISIONS, and ambulances, except five empty ones to a DIVISION, will be sent back by 6 a. Ml. to the Baldwin's Ferry and New Auburn road, some 2 miles in the rear, to be forwarded on that road under the protection of a detachment from the Tenth DIVISION.

DIVISION commanders will see that their men are provided with at least 80 rounds of ammunition per man, and three days' rations in their haversacks.

Each DIVISION commander will leave with the ammunition train an officer.

General Hovey will use the cavalry to guard the rear and exposed flank against surprise.

JOHN A. McClernand.

FOURTEEN-MILE CREEK, May 13, 1863.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH:

GENERAL: I am just advised by General Grant that he has changed the direction of his movement from Edwards Station to Raymond and Jackson. He desires your DIVISION to be sent to Old Auburn, to await the arrival of two trains and conduct them after the army from that place, via Raymond, until they overtake it, or different orders are given. One of these trains left Grand Gulf on the 11th instant, under the escort of Blair's DIVISION; another left yesterday. I suppose Blair's DIVISION will, together with your DIVISION, form the escort from Old Auburn forward.

The three DIVISIONS of the Thirteenth Army Corps here are required by the commander of the department to move from here by the road.

