
north of Fourteen-Mile Creek, via Dillon's plantation, to Raymond. This will make it necessary that three DIVISIONS shall pass their flank and rear in front of the enemy's position between Edwards Station and Bolton. Hence I have determined to send the trains of these DIVISIONS back to the road leading from Baldwin's Ferry, via New Auburn, to Raymond immediately, moving your DIVISION from its present position on the same road to the point where it intersects this (the Old Auburn and Edwards Station) road. You will hasten forward the trains, your own excepted, on the Baldwin's Ferry and New Auburn road, under an escort, to be detached from your command until they overtake their DIVISIONS. The escort may remain in advance until they you come up to it, or you may order it back to rejoin you, as you may prefer.

I desire you to hasten to the point 2 1/2 miles in my rear, to which I have ordered the trains of DIVISIONS with me, as, if they get there before you, they may be exposed to attack. Any movements you can safely make and not delay you, which would impart the design of a movement against Edwards Station, might assist the delicate movement to be made by the other DIVISIONS of the corps in the morning in front of the enemy.

The general is inexplicit as to the detachments guarding Baldwin's Ferry, but I cannot believe that he instructs that they should be left behind and exposed to the danger of capture or dispersion. Report often of your progress and state.

Your most obedient servant,

JOHN A. McClernand.

IN THE FIELD,

Crossing of Fourteen-Mile Creek, May 13, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. Dept. of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Your dispatch instructing me to move by the road north of Fourteen-Mile Creek to Dillon's plantation, and thence to Raymond, is received, and will be promptly executed; and also your instructions in regard to the guarding of the expected supply train. I infer that General Blair's DIVISION will also escort the supply train. In moving by the road north of Fourteen-Mile Creek to Dillon's, my flank and rear may be exposed to attack from the enemy's line between Edwards Station and Bolton; nevertheless, I will try and protect myself to the best advantage.

JOHN A. McClernand,

RAYMOND, MISS. May 13, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN, Comdg. Fifteenth Army Corps:

Move directly toward Jackson, starting at early dawn in the morning. McPherson will start at early dawn from Clinton, which place he reached at 3 p. m. to-day without difficulty.

Two of McClernand's DIVISIONS will be thrown forward, one by the Clinton road, and one by the road where you are.

U. S. GRANT,

RAYMOND, MISS., May 13, 1863.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON, Comdg. SEVENTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: Move at early dawn upon Jackson. Sherman will move at the same hour by the direct Raymond and Jackson road. McCler-

