
nand will be brought up to this point with his rear, and his advance thrown on the two Jackson roads.

U. S. GRANT,
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Numbers 104. Mississippi Springs, MISS., May 13, 1863.

I. The First and THIRD DIVISIONS of this corps will move to-morrow morning on the road to Jackson, MISS., punctually at 5 a. m., the THIRD DIVISION leading, with the cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel [Simeon D.] Swan, in the advance, as to-day.

II. Order of march:

1. Tuttle's DIVISION. - Mower's brigade and two batteries of artillery, Matthie's brigade, Buckland's brigade.

Each brigade to be followed by two ambulances and one ammunition wagon per regiment.

All other wagons to follow the DIVISION under charge of some quartermaster, who will, on the occurrence of danger, move them out of the road, so that they can promptly regain it.

Side fences and cross fences to be let down by skirmishers and regiments whenever a halt or delay takes place.

2. Steele's DIVISION. -Manter's brigade, Thayer's brigade, Woods' brigade.

Artillery. -Two batteries near the front and one toward the rear; two ambulances and one ammunition wagon to be near each regiment. All other wagons and vehicles to be massed in rear, with a guard. March must be steady forward, skirmishers forward and to the right. The enemy will not probably stand till near Jackson.

III. The cavalry will feel well to the front and right. General McPherson's corps is on our left and abreast of us. McClernand's follows on both roads.

IV. The men and officers must keep their posts. Thirst and fatigue are to be expected, but the safety and success of all with make all good soldiers bear cheerfully the deprivation of rest and water. We must strike before the enemy can concentrate, after we have cut his line in two. Men found in ambulances, on mules, or horses without a written ticket of a surgeon must be dismounted and sent to their ranks. Rear guards must do their whole duty. Straggling now is as much a crime as rebellion, and will justify extreme and summary punishment, and officers and rear guards will be justified in inflicting immediate punishment on men avoiding their full share of duty. Our corps must be first in the breach, but must be compact and strong.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 13, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT, Memphis:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of May 5* is just received. In the absence of General Grant, I wish you to keep me advised of the affairs of your district.

When you wrote, the operations of Colonels Grierson and Streight seemed most successful, but I since learn from Confederate papers that the latter has been captured with his entire force of 1,800 men and

---------------

*See Part I, p. 520.

---------------

