
horses; possibly the former may meet the same fate. I have not heard of his reaching General Grant or General Banks. It will be time enough to act one the matter when we are certain of the result.

A regiment of Missouri cavalry is said to be at Columbus unemployed; if it cannot be sent to General Rosecrans, as was at one time requested, it certainly should be vigorously employed in the field. At this season all the cavalry must be kept lively at work, supplying so far as possible the losses of horses in the country passed over. Supplies of forage and provisions should be obtained in the same way. This will weaken the enemy, compel him to scatter his forces, and put our cavalry to the best possible use. In getting remounts, the tired horses should not be permitted of fall into the hands of the enemy. Where they cannot be brought away, they should be shot. In the hands of the enemy, after a few days' rest, they could be used against us. The enemy in his raids in Western Virginia drive off every horse, mule, and beef they can find, no matter whether they belong to friends or foes. We must live upon the enemy's country as much as possible, and destroy his supplies. This is a cruel warfare, but the enemy has brought it upon himself by his own conduct.

Except in your use of the cavalry, you must be very careful about dividing your forces too much, lest the rebels should concentrate and carry some important point of your line of defense.

It was reported here that you at one time contemplated abandoning Memphis. That is for us the most important place in WEST Tennessee. Memphis and Columbus must be held at all hazards.

Yours, truly.

H. W. HALLECK,

FLAG-SHIP GENERAL PRICE, Grand Gulf, May 14, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Commanding,&amp;c.:

GENERAL: I entered Alexandria, La., on the 6th, having taken possession of Fort De Russy's heavy works, half way up the river. General Banks arrived in Alexandria twenty-four hours after I did. Your dispatches to him met me on Red River, and he received them twelve hours afterward, on the 11th. I don't think you will get any assistance from that quarter, at least for some time. He expects you to co-operate with him.

General Hunter, I heard, had arrived in New Orleans with a large force. I am pretty sure they are evacuating Port Hudson. They have no provisions.

Very respectfully.

DAVID D. PORTER,

CLINTON, May 14, 1863-5. 30 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN, Comdg. Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Crocker's DIVISION is all on the march for Jackson. General Logan's DIVISION is just stretching out on the road. I have had a regiment of infantry and Logan's pioneer company, under charge of my engineer and General Logan's, destroying the railroad.

General Joe Johnston is in Jackson, and it is reported they have 20,000 men. I do not think there is that many, though they have collected considerable of a force. They have fortified on the different roads on this side of town, and are forming abatis.

Very respectfully,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

