
JACKSON, MISS., May 14, 1863.

Major General John A. McClernand, Comdg. Thirteenth Army Corps:

Our troops carried this place about 3 o'clock this p. m. after a brisk fight of about three hours. The enemy retreated north toward Canton; Johnston in command. It is evidently the design of the enemy to get north of us, and cross the Black River and beat us into Vicksburg. We must not allow them to do this. Turn all your forces toward Bolton Station, and make all dispatch in getting there. Move troops by the most direct road from wherever they may be on the receipt of this order.

Sherman and McPherson will immediately retrace their steps, only detaining a force to destroy the railroads north and east.

U. S. GRANT,

HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, May 14, 1863.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH, Comdg. Tenth DIVISION:

GENERAL: The enemy have evacuated Jackson, and moved north toward Canton, on the railroad from Grenada to Jackson, MISS., with the design, as General Grant thinks, to cross the Big Black and gain Vicksburg before we do.

Move your DIVISION, in the quickest possible time, toward Edwards Station, and to it, if you find it to be practicable; otherwise toward Bolton Station, so as to be able to co-operate with the forces at Bolton. Send all the supplies of the Thirteenth Army Corps, except you own, to Bolton with all possible dispatch, under escort, and bring your own, too, if you move directly to Bolton. This will not include the supplies between Dillon's plantation and Raymond, which will be sent forward to Raymond.

JOHN A. McClernand.

HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, May 14, 1863.

Brigadier General A. P. HOVEY:

GENERAL: Your dispatch, dated to-day, at Camp Clinton, is received. * The order controlling your movement was based on one from General Grant, which contemplates, in spirit and substance, that you will be close enough to Clinton to support McPherson, if he should need it, or to occupy that place if he should leave it. It is also a part of the design that you should destroy the railroad as far as possible toward Edwards Station. Any place that you may select for your camp at or near Clinton answering to these conditions will be proper and satisfactory. I have also heard that [W.] Adams' rebel cavalry, some 200 strong, are at Bolton. If you can pounce upon him and catch him, do so. I am led to believe that you can establish an easy and short line of communication with Carr.

JOHN A. McClernand.

RAYMOND, MISS., May 14, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. Dept. of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that General Osterhaus reached here last night about 1 a. m.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

