
fact to any one till after to-morrow at 8 or 9. Be sure to destroy all tents by burning them in a pile to the rear of the State-house to-morrow about noon.

You may release all prisoners (citizens) whom we don't want to carry along; some now, others just as you start.

I make a general order on all these points, but send you notice now that you may act advisedly. You must work at night, if necessary, to destroy what might be useful to an enemy.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

JACKSON, MISS., May 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General MOWER,

Commanding Jackson:

DEAR GENERAL: It is represented to me that the provost-marshal is giving license to soldiers to take the contents of stores, taking things not necessary or useful. This, if true, is wrong. Only such articles should be taken as are necessary to the subsistence of troops, and the private rights of citizens should be respected.

Please give the matter your attention. The feeling of pillage and booty will injure the morals of the troops, and bring disgrace on our cause. Take every possible precaution against fires at the time of our leaving to-morrow.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Numbers 35. Jackson, MISS., May 15, 1863.

I. The work of destruction to railroads, artillery, and other public property, heretofore begun, will be prosecuted with the utmost energy till 11 a. m. to-morrow, all working parties coming toward the main depot, where all the iron and ties should be effectually destroyed.

II. At daylight to-morrow all heavy wagons will be dispatched under escort, made up of details from each regiment, embracing the foot-sore and tired men, back on the road we came, and will await the arrival of the column at Mississippi Springs.

III. At 12 o'clock (noon) to-morrow General Steele's DIVISION will march by the same road, reaching Mississippi Springs about 4 p. m. He will be followed by General Tuttle's DIVISION, General Mower's brigade bringing up the rear, and marching from the State-house at 1 p. m.

All the captured tents, harness, and other materials now in use by the different regiments, and not needed for further use, will be fired at the time of abandoning the camps.

One battalion of cavalry will precede the column, and the others follow.

IV. DIVISION, brigade, and regimental commanders and quartermasters will see that their wagons are ready to move at daylight, and will place some officer in charge of each brigade train, and keep them distinct, so that they may follow their respective brigades at Mississippi Springs.

The march hence to Bolton must be rapid, but in the best order.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

