
CAIRO, ILL., May 15, 1863.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C.:

Following just received by telegraph from Paducah, May 14, 1863. to Captain Pennock, U. S. Navy, fleet captain and commandant; station, Cairo:

Am just down from Tennessee River. Have on board prisoners captured at Linden, Tenn.

On the night of the 12th, took on board gunboats 55 men and horses of First WEST Tennessee Cavalry, under command of Lieutenant Colonel W. K. M. Breckenridge. Landed them on east side of river. Sent gunboats to cover all landings above and below. Colonel Breckenridge dashed across country to Linden, surprised the rebel force, more than twice his number, capturing Lieutenant-Colonel [W.] Frierson, 1 captain, 1 surgeon, 4 lieutenants, 30 rebel soldiers, 10 conscripts, 50 horses, 2 army wagons, arms, &amp;c. . With court-house, which was rebel depot were burned a quantity of arms and supplies. The enemy lost 3 killed; our force none; only 1 horse killed. Colonel Breckenridge after his exploit reached our vessels in safety and recrossed river. Will send prisoners to Cairo.

S. L. PHELPS,

Lieutenant-Commander, Commanding Tennessee DIVISION Mississippi Squadron.

A. M. PENNOCK,

Fleet Captain and Commandant.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, before Edwards Station, May 16, 1863-7. 50 a. m.

Major General J. B. McPherson, Comdg. SEVENTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: My artillery has engaged the enemy on my extreme left. I am, as I advised you this morning, convinced that if you will move on the far side of the railroad and fall on the enemy's flank and rear, it would be decisive; besides, Hovey may need support by a co-operative movement by you, either on the north or south side of the railroad.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McClernand.

IN THE FIELD, Before Edwards Station, May 16, 1863.

Brigadier General A. P. HOVEY:

GENERAL: Our forces have engaged the enemy with artillery on the left. Move forward on the right, cautiously but promptly

Very respectfully,

JOHN A. McClernand.

BEFORE EDWARDS STATION, MISS, May 16, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. Dept. of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: At 9. 45 a. m. General Hovey has advanced on his road about 4 miles. Finds the enemy strongly posted in his front, showing two pieces of artillery at the distance of some 400 yards. The general has taken 15 prisoners, who represent the enemy to be from 50,000 to 60,000 strong. Osterhaus must be some 4 miles from Edwards Station. General Smith is about the same distance.

McPherson, I think should move up to the support of Hovey, who thinks his right flank will encounter severe resistance. Shall I hold,

