
or bring on an engagement? General Hovey thinks the enemy has passed a large force toward Raymond, and to our rear, but an aide from General Smith knows nothing of it.

JOHN A. McClernand.

BEFORE EDWARDS STATION, May 16, 1863.

Brigadier General A. P. HOVEY:

GENERAL: Your dispatch is received. * I have referred the question of bringing on an engagement to General Grant, who is said to be close by.

Osterhaus is about 4 miles from Edwards Station; Smith 5 miles, and both have driven before them the enemy's pickets and skirmishers. Carr is well up to Osterhaus, and so is Blair to Smith.

It appears that no force has passed to our left and rear. So soon as I am advised by General Grant, I will communicate with you. Meantime take any advantage you can, without bringing on a general engagement. Watch your left as well as right. Communicate often.

JOHN A. McClernand,

BOLTON, MISS., May 16, 1863

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note to General Carr, advising him of your arrival at Raymond. Inclosed you will find orders for the movement of your DIVISION. # If

you are prompt in your movement, at 4 a. m. you will take the lead in the left wing, General Blair having orders to move at 5 a. m. You will take the road to Edwards Depot, which leaves the Raymond and Bolton road 1 1/2 miles this side of Raymond, diverging to the left.

JOHN A. McClernand.

CLINTON, MISS., May 16, 1863.

Major General John A. McClernand, Comdg. Thirteenth Army Corps:

You will direct Major-General Blair to move with his DIVISION to the support of General Osterhaus as soon as possible, moving on the same line by the first lateral road leading into the one on which Osterhaus is now marching.

Establish communication between Blair and Osterhaus at once, and keep it up, moving forward cautiously.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

IN THE FIELD,

West of Bolton, MISS., MISS., May 16, 1863-10. 15 a. m.

Major General John A. McClernand, Comdg. Thirteenth Army Corps:

From all information gathered from citizens and prisoners, the mass of the enemy are south of Hovey's DIVISION. McPherson is now up

---------------

*Not found.

#See McClernand to Carr, &amp;c., May 15, p. 314.

---------------

