
Whenever your brigade commander is satisfied that no danger is to be apprehended from that quarter, he will resume his position.

By order of Major General John A. McClernand:

A. L. LEE.

ONE AND A HALF MILES FROM BAKER'S CREEK,

May 16, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Commanding Department:

GENERAL: I received an order last evening from General McClernand to take the road from Raymond to Edwards Depot, which I accordingly did, and am now, at 9. 50 a. m., within 1 1/2 miles of Baker's Creek. General A. J. Smith's DIVISION is with me. We are feeling the enemy cautiously, skirmishing, and I have sent to ascertain the exact where-abouts of Osterhaus, Carr, and Hovey. We shall attack as soon as we can develop the enemy's position and ascertain that of our friends.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.,

CLINTON, MISS., May 16, 1863.

Major General F. P. BLAIR, Jr.:

Commanding FIFTH DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps:

Information received indicates that the enemy have moved out to Edwards Station, and are still pushing on to attack us with all their force. Push your troops on in that direction as rapidly as possible. If you are already on the Bolton road, continue so; but if you still have a choice of roads, take the one leading to Edwards Depot.

Pass your troops to the front of your train, except a rear guard, and keep the ammunition wagons in front of all the others. I sent your orders on the 14th to move directly from wherever you might be to Bolton. Did you received the order? If you take the Edwards Depot road, you will want to communicate with the troops along the railroad by all cross-roads, after having advanced to WEST of Bolton. Precautions in approaching Baker's Creek are necessary. Before doing so, know where friend and enemy both are.

U. S. GRANT,

CLINTON, MISS., May 16, 1863-5. 30 a. m.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN, Comdg. Fifteenth Army Corps:

Start one of your DIVISIONS on the road at once, with their ammunition wagons, and direct the general commanding the DIVISION to move with all possible speed until he comes up with our rear beyond Bolton. It is important that the greatest celerity should be shown in carrying out this movement, as I have evidence that the entire force of the enemy was at Edwards Depot at 7 p. m. last night, and was still advancing. The fight may, therefore, be brought on at any moment. We should have every man in the field.

U. S. GRANT.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. Fifteenth ARMY CORPS. Numbers 36. Bolton, MISS., May 16, 1863.,

The movement to-morrow will be as follows:

I. All the effective cavalry will constitute the advance, and will move as soon as day breaks by a road that will be explained to them by the

