
general commanding. All the non-effectives will be put under an officer, and ordered to accompany the wagon-train, to protect it.

II. General Steele's DIVISION will lead and General Tuttle's follow. Each DIVISION commander will designate a good officer to take charge of the tired and foot-sore, to remain with the wagon train, composed of all the wagons of this corps, which will follow the troops, and as soon as firing is heard in the front, the wagons will be parked, and all wagon guards will prepare to defend it.

III. The troops will march Light, followed only by ammunition wagons and ambulances, which will follow brigades.

IV. The occasion calls for the utmost energy of all the troops. One determined effort and the opportunity for which we have all labored so hard and patiently will not be lost. Our destination is now the Big Black River, 13 miles distant, beyond which lies Vicksburg. The commanding general announces that the other corps with which we are acting have to-day signally repulsed the enemy, and our part is to make that repulse a complete defeat.

V. The artillery of each DIVISION will be massed and kept near the front of each DIVISION.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLINTON, MISS., May 16, 1863-5. 45 a. m.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON, Comdg. SEVENTEENTH Army Corps:

I have just received information that the enemy have crossed Big Black with the entire Vicksburg force. He was at Edwards Depot last night, and still advancing. You will, therefore, pass all trains, and move forward to join McClernand. I have ordered your rear brigade to move at once, and given such directions to other commanders as will secure a prompt concentration of your forces.

U. S. GRANT.

JONES' PLANTATION, May 16, 1863-6 a. m.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Commanding, &amp;c:

GENERAL: I think it advisable for you to come forward to the front as soon as you can.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 87. near Edwards Depot, MISS., May 16, 1863

I. Brigadier General I. F. Quinby, having returned from leave of absence and reported for duty, will assume command of his DIVISION, and will relieve Brigadier General M. M. Crocker. General Crocker, on being relieved, will report to these headquarters for duty.

II. The major-general commanding, on relieving Brigadier General M. M. Crocker from the temporary command of the Seventh DIVISION, desires to express his high appreciation of his soldierly qualities, his efficiency in command, his gallantry and heroism on the field, where he displayed in the battles of the 12th, 14th, and 16th such sill in handling his

