
DIVISION, such coolness and daring intrepidity, as have won for him the respect and admiration of every officer and soldier in this command.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major-General McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., May 16, 1863-6 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General in-Chief:

The Jackson Appeal, just received, of the 10th, states that General Grant occupies Raymond and is threatening Jackson. Reports from below say he has cut railroad bridge on Big Black. No official intelligence has reached here for three days from General Grant, but unofficially I am informed to the 10th of May that McClernand's advance is within 5 miles of Jackson, and McPherson near the railroad crossing.

S. A. HURLBUT,

MEMPHIS, TENN., May 17, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee, in the Field:

GENERAL: The last brigade of the Fourth DIVISION leaves to-night or in the morning, having been detained for want of boats to move them. I have directed the DIVISION to Milliken's Bend, where I suppose they will find orders. If no orders are there, they will push forward an officer to receive orders from you.

Two companies of the Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry and three batteries accompany and make part of the DIVISION.

Marmaduke, with his force, is on Crowley's Ridge, near Wittsburg. Price is reported to have sent half his force to Kirby Smith, at Monroe, and to be on his way to join Marmaduke with the residue. He left Little Rock on the 11th of May. Prentiss' cavalry had a sharp conflict with them at Wittsburg. Under these circumstances, I have directed Prentiss to hold the cavalry destined for this point.

Rebel cavalry in considerable force are gathering at Okolona, intention not known, but I presume to cover Northern Mississippi.

Chalmers, with his force, was on Friday near Coldwater, northwest of Holly Springs, probably 1,500 strong. A movement in this direction may possibly be attempted, if they can gather strength enough.

No news of any kind of from Washington.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

BLACK RIVER BRIDGE, MISS., May 17,, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

Our bridges here will not be ready to cross before daylight in the morning. Secure a commanding position on the WEST bank of Black River as soon as you can.

If the information you gain after crossing warrants you in believing you can go immediately into the city, do so. If there is any doubt in this matter, throw out troops to the left, after advancing on a line with the railroad bridge, to open communications with the troops here. We

21 R R-VOL. XXIV, PT. III

