
MEMPHIS, TENN., May 17, 1863-9 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

One of my spies, just in from Vicksburg and Jackson, has brought papers to the 14th. General Grant defeated [J.] Gregg's brigade at Raymond on Tuesday, the 12th. Rebel loss admitted in papers at 700. Next day Gregg was re-enforced by W. H. T. Walker, of Georgia; was attacked at Mississippi Springs, and driven in toward Jackson. On Thursday, at 10 a. M, my spy, them at Grenada, saw a telegram from Canton that the Federals had taken Jackson from the east-probably a cavalry movement. General Joe Johnston arrived at Jackson on the 13th, and went out toward Vicksburg with three brigades. He must have been WEST of Jackson when the capture was made by our forces. Spies say 50,000 men are ordered to Vicksburg from Tennessee and Virginia. The force with which General Grant fought Gregg's brigade was from Port Hudson; Walker's from Charleston. General Grant will have his hands full if the re-enforcements talked of arrive. Spy also says they admit that General Banks captured Alexandria after a sharp battle. Every horse fit for service in Mississippi is claimed by the Government to mount their troops. He also reports that General Grant has struck the railroad near Edwards Station. This man is reliable. Enemy's mounted men in considerable force at Panola and Okolona, and 2,000 strong opposite Savannah. They threaten my railroad, and, I think, cover movement of troops from Tullahoma toward Vicksburg.

S. A. HURLBUT.

MEMPHIS, TENN., May 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General LAUMAN:

You will proceed with your command to Milliken's Bend, where you should find orders. If you do not find orders there, send an officer at once to Major-General Grant to ask for orders as to your movements. I suppose you are wanted on the Big Black, but at this distance can give no directions. Report at once on arrival to the acting assistant adjutant-general at Milliken's Bend.

Keep a strong guard ready for action after leaving Helena, and a gun squad always on duty. Take the battery near Greenville, if you can.

Yours,

S. A. HURLBUT,

JACKSON, TENN., May 17, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE:

The following dispatch has just been received from General Dodge:

Scouts have just come in from Meridian and Montgomery, via Okolona. They say that about April 15,10,000 men went from Vicksburg to Bragg, but were stopped at Montgomery and returned to Vicksburg. That since then no troops have gone east; that ten or twelve days ago all the troops scattered over Mississippi and Alabama were ordered to Vicksburg. That two regiments went from regiments went from Mobile, leaving only one there; also two from Montgomery, leaving one company there, and one at Selma, and some detachments were picked up at other places, not to exceed two regiments in all. They give the position of troops now as follows: At Meridian, one regiment; at Okolona, between 4,000 and 5,000; and all the bridges on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad strongly guarded. The road between Meridian and Jackson was repaired so that cars ran over it ten days ago, and they are now running it. Chalmers is in Panola County. The forces from Tennessee River reached Okolona about five days ago; thinks Roddey was not with them. They also say that it was reported currently, and also in the papers, that Port Hudson was taken. This was eight days ago. All

