
YOUNG'S POINT, La., May 19, 1863.

Brigadier General J. G. LAUMAN,

Commanding Fourth DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: Colonel Pugh's brigade will proceed without delay from the lower landing to Bowers' Landing, below Warrenton, from whence they will go to Grand Gulf by steamers, and remain at that place as the permanent garrison.

Camp and garrison equipage and baggage of every description will be left at the convalescent camp, opposite the lower landing, in charge of an officer and small guard. No baggage will be taken that can possibly be dispensed with. Land transportation will be regulated according to instructions furnished by Colonel Bingham, chief quartermaster.

You will proceed yourself immediately to Grand Gulf, and organize the troops and wagon trains at that place, and immediately upon the arrival of Colonel Pugh's brigade, you will proceed with Colonel Hall's and Colonel Johnson's brigades, of McArthur's DIVISION, now garrisoning Grand Gulf, to headquarters of the army in the front, taking with you such supply trains as may be got ready at Grand Gulf.

By order of Major General U. S. GRANT:

T. S. BOWERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

YOUNG'S POINT, May 19, 1863.

General LAUMAN:

Advices from General Sherman render it necessary for you to return and take your troops by way of Chickasaw Bayou. Order back the two brigades at Bowers' Landing. I have three regiments here for you. Grant has had glorious luck; has taken seventy-five pieces of artillery and plenty of prisoners.

Yours, truly,

JER. C. SULLIVAN.

BLUFFS near MISS. RIVER, JUST ABOVE Vicksburg,

May 19, 1863.

Admiral PORTER, U. S. Navy:

You can rely on any information which may be given you by the bearer. We have the city invested, and all the bluffs between this and Snyder's under our control. There are no troops at Haynes' Bluff. General Grant has sent Colonel Taggart to communicate with Admiral Porter by way of Snyder's Bluff. General Grant wishes the admiral's co-operation in taking Vicksburg.

We are short of rations, and want rations sent up the Yazoo to Snyder's, if the Chickasaw Bayou is not navigable.

Very truly, yours,

FRED K. STEELE.

(Any officer of the Army of Navy of the United States, into whose hands this may fall, will please forward it to Admiral Porter immediately.)

HDQRS. 15TH ARMY CORPS, Walnut Hills, May 19, 1863.

Admiral Porter, or Senior Officer at Mouth of Yazoo:

DEAR ADMIRAL: My right is on the Mississippi. We have possession of the bluff down a mile or more below the mouth of the bayou.

