
MEMPHIS, TENN., May 19, 1863.

Brigadier General W. S. SMITH,

La Grange, Tenn.:

GENERAL: You will move with all the mounted men of your command from La Grange, on the morning of the 21st, at daylight, with one section of artillery well horsed, through North Mount Pleasant and

Farmington. There your cavalry will be joined by Colonel McCrillis' command, with his howitzers.

The force will then cross the Coldwater, and beat up Chalmers' quarters wherever he may be, break and disperse his force, and, if possible, capture his guns.

They will take all horses and mules, wagons and provisions that can be found, and drive off the cattle from any portion of Mississippi they may pass through, but not so as to impede the main purpose of crushing out this force.

After effecting this end, they will gather and drive in the stock, &amp;c., and bring in all able bodied negroes that choose to come. I think Chalmers will be found near Cochran's, or perhaps as far down as Luxahoma.

[G. L.] Blythe's battalion is about 12 miles south of Memphis, engaged in conscripting and obtaining horses.

Colonel Hatch will command the united force. Let the movement be rapid as possible, at the same time prudent. The force united will be about 1,700 men.

If even met in open ground, bring them to close quarters at once.

They won't bear the saber.

The men should take three days' rations.

Women and old persons must be respected, and no firing of towns or houses will be permitted. Impress wagons to bring in forage and provisions captured, and destroy what cannot be brought in. It is hard warfare, but my orders from General Halleck are to pursue this course as the enemy has done in WEST Virginia.

If horses give out, do not turn them loose, but shoot them, as otherwise they may recover and be used by the enemy.

Your obedient servant.

S. A. HURLBUT,

MEMPHIS, TENN., May 19, 1863.

Colonel L. F. anding Cavalry, Germantown, Tenn.:

SIR: You will take your entire cavalry force, except light camp guard, and, starting about daylight of the 21st, will effect a junction with Colonel Hatch from La Grange at or near Farmington, on the road from Germantown to Byhalia. He will bring about 1,100 men and two pieces of artillery.

You will report to him, and he will then take charge of the expedition and show you the detailed orders. I suppose Chalmers to be on the other side of Coldwater, perhaps near Luxahoma. The men will take three days' provisions, and had best cook them before starting. See that the howitzers are well supplied with ammunition, and have a rigid inspection of men, arms, ammunition, and horses.

The work before you I want thoroughly well done, and have confidence in you zeal and ability to do it.

Your obedient servant.

S. A. HURLBUT.

