
sons, if possible, about 100 rounds of canister and shrapnel for service after passing the parapet.

No wagons of any kind will attend the assaulting columns, but, as soon as the infantry has passed inside, the artillery will follow, and after the artillery the ambulances ammunition wagons, one to a regiment.

No other wagons will enter the enemy's lines until we are in full possession of Vicksburg and notice is given DIVISION commanders to call up then wagons.

Officers will assault on foot, but may have their horses brought to them inside by their servants, as soon as the troops have passed in.

General Steele's DIVISION will in like manner attack, by any route he may selected, the one to the front of Thayer being suggested.

Each column will attack by the watch, and not depend on signals.

All must presume that others are doing their best, and do their full share. As soon as the enemy gives way, he must be pushed to the very heart of the city, where he must surrender.

There is another valley, or bayou, on the other side of the one now separating us from the enemy. If the enemy retreats across that bayou, our troops must follow at their heels, and not permit them to rally in an interior work.

The general now looks to his corps to give the world the signal example of steady courage and its results-success.

We must have Vicksburg, and most truly have we earned it by former sacrifices and labors.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS Fifteenth ARMY CORPS,Before Vicksburg, MISS., May 21, 1863.

Memorandum order.

The chief engineer, quartermaster, and commissary will perfect the arrangement about supplies. The cavalry will keep a picket at Black River, near Bridgeport, and constantly patrol the country to the north and east. The troops will press the enemy at all points with sharpshooters and skirmishers, and all officers are charged to study the ground to the front and rear of their positions. A map will soon be prepared, embracing our part of the general line. DIVISION commanders near may take advantage of any opening toward a lodgment inside the enemy's works.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HAYNES' BLUFF, MISS., May 21, 1863.

Major JAMES GRANT WILSON,

Commanding Detachment Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry:

SIR: In accordance with orders from Major General U. S. Grant, you are hereby directed to keep the cavalry of your command well to the east and north, and observe closely every movement of the enemy, who are reported to be assembling an army in the vicinity of Brownsville.

Should you ascertain to a certainty that the enemy are concentrating

