
there, commence with your cavalry the destruction of all corn between the Black and Yazoo Rivers, as far as you can possibly reach. Drive in also all stock upon which an army might feed in the same event.

Report to these headquarters promptly all you may observe concerning the movement of the enemy.

By order of Brigadier-General Lauman:

W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In Field, near Vicksburg, MISS., May 21, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. Dept. of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that General Hovey has destroyed the upper bridge over Big Black, and an officer has been sent to the cars to destroy the enemy's ammunition at Edwards Depot.

Major [Henry P.] Hawkins has just reported that there is no rebel force in the rear, except one brigade in the neighborhood of Raymond. That force is so demoralized that many threw away their arms, swearing they would fight no more. The last seen of them they were 12 or 14 miles east of Big Black, on their way to Jackson.

One hundred and sixty-nine head of beef-cattle have been collected and left at the hospital for the wounded, but they were short of other parts of rations.

Your most obedient servant.

JOHN A. McClernand.

JACKSON, May 21, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Memphis:

The following dispatch has just been received from General Dodge:

Scout left Okolona Monday night at 5 p. m. ; says Grant left Jackson 10 a. m. Sunday, and that he burned the town. Johnston attacked him at 3 p. m. same day at Edwards Station, and up to 4 p. m. Monday fighting was still going on. Rebel reports were all against Grant. Re-enforcements from east were still pouring into Johnston, said to be 30,000 in all. The force at Okolona was being re-enforced. The brigade that arrived there brought thirteen pieces artillery and 100 new army wagons. They say they are fixing for a big raid; even talk of coming into Corinth; think we are evacuating the place. Everybody in Mississippi is getting away. Scout saw negroes going east by the drove. All his news was the report received at Okolona by telegraph and current among the citizens and soldiers. It was said that Johnston had taken large number of prisoners; that Pemberton was traitor, and had sent a bouquet to Grant, so arranged as to give position of rebel troops. I have no doubt but what fighting was going on Sunday and Monday.

G. M. DODGE.

R. J. OGLESBY.

JACKSON, May 21, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Scouts in from east of Tennessee River report forces moving from Savannah to Linden. A force is crossing at Muscle Shoals south. This is the point at which Kirby Smith crossed to go to Vicksburg last winter. This force is likely crossing the trains of the troops who went south through Chattanooga several days ago. A heavy force has left Bragg's army to join Joe Johnston before Grant.

R. J. OGLESBY.

