HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Vicksburg, MISS., May 22, 1863

Major General JAMES B. McPHERSON:

GENERAL: Since my last dispatch, I have received corroborative information (doubt by me, however) that the enemy are trying to turn either your flank or mine. I have extended my right as much as possible. You will decide whether you will extend your line, infantry or pickets, so as to substantially connect with mine until morning.

Your obedient servant.

JOHN A. McClernand.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,May 22, 1863.

Commanders of DIVISIONS will hold all the ground they have gained by such means as they may think best, and provide for the refreshment of their men. Their positions will be protected by adequate guards, and every vigilance used to guard against surprise; they will spare no pains; during the night will make rifle-pits and intrench batteries in the most eligible positions.

Orders from the general commanding the department are awaited, sand will probably control the operations of to-morrow. They will, during the night provide the troops of their commands with rations and suitable ammunition for all arms, and observe the orders heretofore issued in relation to camp-fires, firing of guns, and sounding of bugles.

By order of Major General John A. McClernand:

WALTER B. SCATES.

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,May 22, 1863.

Brigadier General PETER J. OSTERHAUS:

GENERAL: You must advance and assault the enemy, and thereby make a diversion. If you can't do so, let me know it. In that case you can stand on the defensive, and I will apply General Hovey's brigade-at least a part-in support of Carr. One or other of these things must be done.

JOHN A. McClernand.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Vicksburg, May 22, 1863-1. 30 p. m.

Sent an order to Colonel Landram to post two of the regiments of his brigade behind the two right regiments of General Lawler's brigade; also that General Burbridge post two regiment of his brigade behind the two left regiments of General Benton's, so as to fill up the space between Lawler's and Benton's brigades, and cover the space between Lawler's and Benton's brigades, and cover the space between the forts, and that the whole force move forward immediately and vigorously.

By order of Major General John A. McClernand:

WALTER B. SCATES,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Orders delivered verbally.)

