
that I thought you would thank him for every man he or any one else could send you.

General Banks is not coming here with his men. He is going to occupy the attention of Port Hudson, and has landed at Bayou Sara, using your transports for that purpose.

If the people in the batteries now in our possession see us sending coal barges by, it would be well to fire on any boats the enemy may send out to destroy them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID D. PORTER,

NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., May 23, 1863.

Rear-Admiral DAVID D. PORTER,

Commanding Mississippi Squadron:

Your note of this date is just received. I am satisfied that you are doing all that can be done in aid of the reduction of Vicksburg. There is no doubt of the fall of this place ultimately, but how long it will take is a matter of doubt. I intend to lose no more men, but to force the enemy from one position to another without exposing my troops.

I have information that the enemy under Johnston, who have been threatening me, have gone back to Calhoun, on the Mississippi Central Railroad. There is but about 8,000 of them, much demoralized.

A force is collecting at Yazoo City which numbers now about 2,000 men. Does this expose your boats now up the Yazoo? If so, I will send Lauman to disperse them, although I do not like to detach any troops until this job here is closed up. One week is as along as I think the enemy can possibly hold out.

U. S. GRANT,

NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., May 23, 1863.

Major General John A. McClernand,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

Your dispatch of last night is received. Any further assault on the enemy's works will for the present cease. Hold all the ground you have acquired; get your batteries in position, and commence regular approaches toward the city.

Order General Quinby to his former position on your right, and to report to his corps commander. Send McArthur's whole force back to the Big Bayou crossing of the Warrenton and Vicksburg road, with instructions to hold that crossing and the adjacent highlands. Keep all roads south of you leading to the city well watched. There are plenty of supplies at Chickasaw Bayou Landing. Direct your commissary to get up full rations for your men, and your ordnance officer full supplies of ammunition.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

[JNO. A. RAWLINS.]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Numbers 40. Walnut Hills, MISS., May 23, 1863.

I. The works of the enemy being too strong to be carried by assault, must be reduced by a system of regular approaches. These should be

