
made according to the well-established principles of the military art, and, to secure a fair share of labor, and to keep the good soldier at his post, the following rules will apply to this corps:

II. Each DIVISION commander will call in his pioneer corps, and proceed to make a good covered road from his base toward some salient of the work in his front, taking every advantage of the natural ravines characteristic of this country. Where these valleys do not fulfill the object, the regular "sap" must be made.

Captain Jenney will forthwith repair to these headquarters, and give his general supervision of this work-appointing an engineer to each branch of the work. On this species of work soldier may properly be employed, and negro labor, when organized.

III. It is the duty of the quartermaster's department to look to roads and communications to the rear, and it is made the duty of DIVISION quartermasters to look to the roads leading to our depot, viz, Lakes' Landing, at mouth of Chickasaw. These quartermasters will impress negroes and soldiers hanging behind their regiments without arms, and dodging their share of duty and labor; and that these may be distinguished from the soldier in the proper discharge of his duty, or the negro servant of the officer, all teamsters and authorized servants should be furnished a written ticket or order assigning him to such duty. When not so provided, any DIVISION or brigade quartermaster will impress him, and put him to useful work.

Sickness, also, will not be pleaded as an excuse. Sick soldiers must stay in their regimental camps or at their hospitals. If well enough to wander about, they can work on a road, or in loading wagons.

The north line of defenses of Vicksburg are our military "object. "

Grand depot, at the mouth of Chickasaw. Temporary supplies of ammunition and provisions will be kept in the rear of each DIVISION.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., May 23, 1863.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN, President:

I forward the following, just received from Colonel John A. Rawlins, assistant adjutant-general, rear of Vicksburg, 20th:

The Army of the Tennessee landed at Bruinsburg on 30th April.

On 1st May, fought battle of Port Gibson; defeated rebels under Bowen, whose loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners was at least 1,500; loss in artillery, five pieces.

On 12th May, at the battle of Raymond, rebels were defeated, with a loss of 800.

On the 14th, defeated Joseph E. Johnston, captured Jackson, with loss to the enemy of 400, besides immense stores and manufactures, and seventeen pieces artillery.

On the 16th, fought the bloody and decisive battle of Baker's Creek, in which the entire Vicksburg force, under Pemberton, was defeated, with loss of twenty-nine pieces of artillery and 4,000 men.

On the 17th, defeated same force at Big Black Bridge, with loss of 2,600 men and eleven pieces of artillery.

On the 18th, invested Vicksburg closely. To-day General Steele carried the rifle-pits on the north of the city. The right of the army rest on the Mississippi above Vicksburg.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

I learn further that are from 15,000 to 20,000 men in Vicksburg, and that Pemberton lost nearly all his field artillery; that the cannonading at Vicksburg ceased about 3 p. m. of 20th. Grant has probably captured nearly all.

S. A. HURLBUT.

