
LA GRANGE, May 23, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT, SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

The following just received from Colonel Hatch:

I have not found the enemy in force up to this time. Considerable skirmishing with inferior forces. I shall toward Senatobia or Panola in the morning.

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding

WM. SOOY SMITH.

[MAY 23, 1863. - For Dodge to Rosecrans, in reference to Confederate movements in Northern Alabama, see Series I, VOL. XXIII, Part II, p. 358.]

MAY 24, 1863-2. 30 p. m.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

I have but one gunboat here; she is unfit for the purpose. The Carondelet, below, is unfit to go into a fight. Tuscumbia disabled; and it would be too small a force to pass up by the batteries. I will write you on the subject. In the mean time, I will open all the mortars on that spot.

DAVID D. PORTER.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Vicksburg, May 24, 1863

Major General U. S. GRANT:

GENERAL: Your note in relation to establishing a garrison at Warenton is this moment received. I have no available cavalry at present. Two companies of the cavalry of the corps reported to you yesterday evening. Three companies left early this morning as an escort for a train going to Warrenton, one company this morning to Hall's Ferry, and my body-guard went to Baldwin's Ferry. I have one brigade at Big Black, two regiments at Perkins' plantation, and hold my present position by a force much diminished and weakened by the casualties of battle and fatigues of the campaign. It is hardly safe to weaken it further by detachments from it.

Would it not be better for McArthur or Lauman to garrison Warrenton until one of the regiments from Perkin's comes up, or would it not be better to garrison it by the troops now at Grand Gulf, or would it not be better still to make a depot on the river opposite McArthur's left flank, and construct a new road from it, or by his present encampment to these headquarters, which would save a distance of 5 or 6 miles, and supersede the necessity of garrison? If this is not satisfactory, I will immediately send a regiment there to garrison it.

JOHN A. McClernand.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 92. near Vicksburg, MISS., May 24, 1863.

* * * * * * *

IV. Brigadier-General McArthur will, as soon as relieved by Brigadier

