
adier-General Lauman, proceed with his command to this point, and report in person for orders to these headquarters.

* * * * * * * *

By order of Major-General McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HAYNES' BLUFF, [May 24,], 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

I shall send 250 cavalry across the Yazoo, and up between Deer Creek and Sunflower, to drive out the secesh who are gathering up stock, and to drive the stock into our lines. Captain Walker will send a gunboat up Sunflower at same time.

C. C. WASHBURN,

JACKSON, May 24, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis:

Scout in to-day report cavalry all concentrating at Columbia, Tenn.

They are all ordered to be there in five days. Will you allow me to send a cavalry force from Corinth in the direction of Florence and Decatur, to annoy them, and see what they are doing? Have you any news from General U. S. Grant?

R. J. OGLESBY.

NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., May 25, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS, Comdg. Dept. of the Gulf:

I send Colonel Riggin, of my staff, to communicate with you on the subject of co-operation between our respective forces in the effectual opening of the Mississippi River. Colonel Riggin can give you all the particulars of my present situation more minutely than can well be done in a short communication. I now have Vicksburg invested, and draw my supplies from the Yazoo above Vicksburg, and from Warrenton below the city. I feel that my force is abundantly strong to hold the enemy where he is, or to whip him if he should come out.

The place is so strongly fortified, however, that it cannot be taken without either a great sacrifice of life or by a regular siege. I have determined to adopt the latter course, and save my men.

I can get no accurate information as to the number of men the enemy have nor the amount of provisions or ordnance stores. They are evidently deficient in artillery.

The greatest danger now to be apprehended is that the enemy may collect a force outside and attempt to rescue the garrison. My cavalry force is insufficient to guard properly against this, but with what I have I am doing the best I can.

The railroad is effectually broken at Jackson, so that an army to come here within the next twenty days would have to haul their supplies and ordnance stores with teams at least 40 miles.

The rebels set such a value upon the possession of a foothold on the Mississippi River, however, that a desperate effort will be made to hold this point. For this reason, I deem it advisable that as large a force be collected here as possible.

having all my available force that can be spared from WEST Tennes-

