
ture and parole the wounded and sick there. In consequence of this rumor, all who were able left the hospital for his headquarters.

He is wholly unable to keep pickets on all the routes, and patrol the roads and country, without more cavalry. I earnestly hope you will supply him.

It is understood that the FIFTY-fourth Indiana, left as guard at Raymond, was afterward sent by you, as a guard of prisoners, to the river; if so, will you be pleased to order them to join their brigade, at the Big Black?

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

JOHN A. McClernand.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 140. near Vicksburg, MISS., May 25, 1863.

Corps commanders will immediately commence the work of reducing the enemy be regular approaches. It is desirable that no more loss of life shall be sustained in the reduction of Vicksburg and the capture of the garrison. Every advantage will be taken of the natural inequalities of the ground to gain positions from which to start mines, trenches, or advance batteries. The work will be under the immediate charge of corps engineers, corps commanders being responsible that the work in their immediate fronts is pushed with all vigor. Captain F. E. Prime, chief engineer of the department, will have general superintendence of the whole work. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS.,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,

Near Vicksburg, MISS., May 25, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN, Comdg. Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: By an agreement entered into between the major-general commanding and Lieutenant-General Pemberton, commanding Confederate forces in Vicksburg, there will be a suspension of all hostilities for two hours and a half, to commence at 6 p. m. of to-day, during which time you will send and bury our dead and gather in any of our wounded we have in front of your line.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] * HEADQUARTERS Fifteenth ARMY CORPS,

Near Vicksburg, MISS., May 25, 1863.

There will, therefore, be a suspension of hostilities, from 6 p. m. to 8. 30 p. m. to bury the dead and gather in the wounded. All commanders will respect the truce with absolute fidelity, and avail themselves of the opportunity to bring in and bury the dead. Surgeons will be sent with stimulants.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Indorsed on preceding communication.

---------------

