HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Vicksburg, May 25, 1863.

Major General B. M. PRENTISS

Commanding District of Southeastern Arkansas:

GENERAL: The taking of Vicksburg is going to occupy time, contrary to my expectations when I first arrived near it. To watch the enemy and to prevent him collecting a force outside near enough to attack my rear, I require a large cavalry force. If, therefore, you have not sent off the cavalry ordered to WEST Tennessee,, send them at once to report to me on the Yazoo River. If you are certain that you can maintain your position with fewer forces than you now have, send me all the infantry and cavalry you can spare.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

MEMPHIS, TENN., May 25, 1863-11. 30 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The Luminary is just up from Vicksburg. No official dispatches. Lyford, ordnance officer, writes, date 22nd, 9 p. m.:

Our loss is not very heavy for the position we have gained. They make a firm resistance. I think we shall have the place to-morrow. We completely encircle the town, and our men to-night have their colors planted on the enemy's works, and are lying on the exterior slope. The gun and mortar boats are in front of the town, working away. Our captures thus far are about 6,000 prisoners and 74 pieces of artillery, some of which have been destroyed. General Grant is in good spirits. If we take Vicksburg, we shall take about 15,000 prisoners, with Pemberton, &amp;c.

S. C. LYFORD,

Our troops lie thus: One corps in center, within a mile of the courthouse; Sherman on the right, 1 1/2 miles; and McClernand on the left some distance. The cavalry in my front has gone south. Hatch, with 1,800 cavalry, is after them. Scouts at Corinth report all the cavalry east of Tennessee River assembling at Columbia, under orders.

S. A. HURLBUT,

FLAG-SHIP AUTOCRAT, Helena, Ark., May 25, 1863.

VIA CAIRO, ILL., May 29.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have the honor to request that another regiment of infantry be added to my command. I find from experience that my force is too small, and entirely insufficient to head against the enemy to contend with in the field, and at the same time provide for the safety of my boats. If permitted to choose, I would ask that the Thirty-THIRD Regiment of Illinois Volunteers, Colonel Charles E. Lippincott commanding, be added to the Marine Brigade. No additional boats will be required for this increase of the command.

ALFRED W. ELLET.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Vicksburg, MISS., May 25, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will, if you have not already done so, send a heavy cavalry force as far south as Grenada. Every available man of your

