
infantry force that can be possibly spared from their present position you will send forward at once to this place.

Judging from the returns, the garrison for the District of Columbus can be considerably reduced without danger. Contract everything on the line from Memphis to Corinth, and keep your cavalry well out south of there. By this means you ought to be able to send here quite a large force.

The forces of Joe Johnston (from 6,000 to 10,000) are reported WEST of the Big Black and about 30 miles northeast of here. From this force no serious danger is apprehended, but they may re-enforce it until it becomes formidable.

The investment of Vicksburg is complete, and supplies for our army are drawn from Chickasaw Bayou, on the Yazoo above, and Warrenton, on the Mississippi, below the city.

Send General Kimball, if he can possibly be spared, in command of the re-enforcement for this place.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., May 25, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, in the Field, Vicksburg:

GENERAL: We in the rear, and the county behind us, are watching with unspeakable pride the glorious track of the Army of the Tennessee. Every sort of congratulation for the glory already won, and the crowning victory to come. I cannot, with business, fashion, as yet, in the reality of the past and anticipation of the future. [Sic].

I send the Luminary, with a full cargo of ammunition, reducing me to 100 rounds per man. I hope it will not be needed for Vicksburg, but it will be in the future.

Johnston has called off all troops from above. Anticipating this, I had ordered Colonel Hatch, of the SECOND Iowa Cavalry,, to take all the mounted men outside of Memphis, and look up Chalmers. I have just heard from their first interview. Hatch found him in Senatobia swamp. Charged at once; killed 9, and drove the others into Panola, across the Tallahatchee, except such as fled toward Helena. Chalmers is reported to have had 2,000 regulars and 1,000 conscripts. Hatch has 1,700-1,200 cavalry and 500 mounted infantry-four mounted howitzers, and one section of 6-pounders. My cavalry will be at works all the time as far as I can reach.

As yet I have not called up the cavalry from Helena, as Prentiss has some fears for his place. The entire line here is now quiet.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

MEMPHIS, TENN., May 25, 1863.

Brigadier General J. W. RIPLEY, Chief of Ordnance:

General Grant has sent for heavy supply of ammunition. I send to-day all there is here. Requisitions sent from here on the 2nd of May have not yet arrived. I shall be stripped to-day,, and there should be heavy supplies forwarded at once for this corps and for the army below.

S. A. HURLBUT.

