
MEMPHIS, TENN. May 25, 1863.,

Colonel ANSON STAGER, Washington, D. C.:

Guerrillas, with artillery, infest the Mississippi banks below Napoleon, Ark. making it necessary for every boat to have convoy. This is the cause of non-arrival of boats since yesterday. Large force threaten railroad between Memphis and Grand Junction. General Hurlbut is ready.

W. G. FULLER.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. GEN'S OFFICE. Numbers 234 Washington, May 25, 1863.

* * * * * * *

II. Major General E. O. C. Ord, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person for duty, without delay, to Major General U. S. Grant, commanding Department of the Tennessee.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., May 26, 1863.

Colonel A. K. Johnson, Comdg. Cavalry Expedition.

Since ordering you to proceed north on the east side of Big Black River, I have determined to send a large infantry and artillery force to clear out any force the enemy may have between the Black and the Yazoo Rivers. You will not go, therefore, as directed, but join with the cavalry the main expedition.

Three brigades will start from the SEVENTEENTH Army Corps by the Oak Ridge road, and an equal number from the Fifteenth Army Corps, by way of Haynes' Bluff, all to unite near Sulphur Springs. They will probably get started this evening. You will join them with our cavalry force, and report to the commanding officer of the expedition for orders.

U. S. GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Vicksburg, May 26, 1863

Brigadier-General OSTERHAUS,

Commanding United States Forces, Black River Bridge:

GENERAL: Direct Colonel Johnson, if he has not already passed, to go by way of Bolton, and destroy all the cars, Confederate cotton, grain, and provisions in store there. If Johnson has passed, send some of the cavalry still left to accomplish the same purpose.

Have your teams bring in all the cotton in the intrenchments opposite you, and as your teams are coming in to the river after supplies left them bring in the cotton with them.

Let the cavalry destroy all the railroad bridges as far out as they go beyond the Black. All forage beyond Black River that can be reached should be destroyed. All negroes, teams, and cattle should be brought in, and everything done to prevent an army coming this way supplying itself.

U. S. GRANT.

