
course to be taken by me, but will do so early in the morning, upon consultation with DIVISION and brigade commanders. If I shall determine to push on, and it shall be found that the enemy are in the force represented, or anything like it, it will be necessary for me to go over to the Yazoo River and rejoin you by that route if you can send up transportation for me under convoy of a gunboat.

If you hear nothing more from me in the next few days, you may conclude that I have taken this course. If, however, I should determine that I am not justified in pushing forward and separating myself further from your army, I will endeavor by a forced march to reach Haynes' Bluff in one day's march.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR.

[Inclosure.]

HART'S PLANTATION, MISS., May 28, 1863.

Major General F. P. BLAIR, Commanding Expedition, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I received the following information from Richard A. Barley, who resides 1 1/2 miles back form Wesley Chapel, Yazoo County:

Generals Johnston and A. P. Hill have together 45,000 men; that General A. P. Hill reached Jackson some two days ago. Hill is now at Jackson. Johnston was at Canton night before last. General [S. R.] Gist, from South Carolina, reached Canton with 6,000 men a week ago last Wednesday (yesterday). Johnston brought 8,000 men when he came. General [W. W.] Loring reached Canton on Thursday last with his DIVISION. Three thousand stragglers from Pemberton have reached Johnston and been put to service. Colonel [E.] Gates, First Missouri (rebel), who was a prisoner at Big Black, escaped and passed this point six or seven days ago; also Captain Gordon and his adjutant. General A. P. Hill sent a communication to Pemberton, which reached him Tuesday last.

The above information is entitled to much consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. K. Johnson,

Colonel., Commanding Cavalry.

BRYANT'S PLANTATION, MISS., May 28, 1863.

Brigadier-General McARTHUR, Commanding DIVISION:

GENERAL: I have stopped my command at this place, 8 miles from Mechanicsburg, waiting for orders. We can encamp within 1 1/2 miles of this point, and have water for our horses. There were two rebel soldiers here when our advance came up. We ran them off, but could not catch them.

Please send instructions by orderly.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. K. Johnson,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]

AT MILE POST, 31 MILES TO YAZOO CITY, MISS.,- 5 p. m.

Major-General BLAIR, Expeditionary Corps:

GENERAL: I have just received the above dispatch. There is water at a spring about half a mile to the right of the road at this place. I

