
think General Mower's DIVISION had better encamp here. I will go on with the other DIVISION to Hart's plantation, about 4 miles farther on, when I will communicate with Colonel Johnson.

Your obedient servant,

McARTHUR.

MECHANICSBURG, May 28, 1863.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Expeditionary Corps:

GENERAL: Our cavalry report the enemy advancing on them with infantry, and driving them. I have ordered up two regiments and battery to their support. The wagon-train had better be stopped where it is until I can find out what it means.

Mr. Reed, whose house I have stopped, at says that this is General Johnston's force we are encountering. The roads fork here, one going to Yazoo City, the other to Benton. We cannot all go to the creek to water, as the skirmishing is too close, say about one-half mile from town. I will communicate with you again shortly.

Yours,

McARTHUR,
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE

In rear of Vicksburg, MISS., May 28, 1863.

Brigadier-General LAUMAN,Commanding Fourth DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will immediately place your DIVISION in camp on the Hall's Ferry road, on the south side of the creek, near the large hospital, its left resting on the road, and right extending toward McClernand's left.

Strong grand guards, advanced posts, and pickets will be thrown out on the various approaches to Vicksburg leading from your front and between it and the Mississippi, and every precaution be taken to prevent surprise form front or rear, or the enemy from communicating in any manner upon these roads.

Every means will be resorted to in order to harass the rebels. You will also, without delay, open a good road over the nearest practicable route to McClernand's left.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT,

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 143. In Field, near Vicksburg, MISS., May 28, 1863.

* * * * * * *

IV. Army corps commanders and commanders of detached forces before Vicksburg will picket all roads, respectively, in rear of their respective positions, by which their camps or the city of Vicksburg can be approached, and prohibit all persons coming into or going out of our lines without special authority form the corps or commanders of detached forces whose pickets they desire to pass or the authority of the general commanding. The pickets will be placed sufficiently far out as

