
to prevent surprise from any raid the enemy may attempt to make, and each commander will notify the others of the position of his pickets.

V. All that portion of the State of Louisiana now in the occupancy of the Army of the Tennessee will constitute the District of Northeastern Louisiana, and be commanded by Brigadier General J. C. Sullivan. During the absence of Brigadier General J. P. Hawkins, all troops of African descent in the District of Northeastern Louisiana will be under the immediate command of Colonel Isaac F. Shepard.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

[JNO. A. RAWLINS.]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE.

Walnut Hills, before Vicksburg, MISS. May 28, 1863.

SURGEON-GENERAL, U. S. ARMY, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report my arrival yesterday at the headquarters of Major-General Grant's army in the field, having left Memphis on the 24th instant.

I have had an interview with Surg. M. Mills, medical director, to-day, and have learned the following: After the engagement on the 12th instant, at Raymond, MISS., there were 180 wounded, of the SEVENTEENTH Army Corps, left in charge of four medical gentlemen, now in the hands of the enemy.

After the engagement on the 14th instant, at Jackson, MISS., there were 240 or 250 wounded, of the Fifteenth and SEVENTEENTH Army Corps, left in charge of Surg. H. S. Hewitt, U. S. Volunteers, with four or five others.

After the engagement on the 16th instant, at Champion's Hill, there were left 1,581 wounded, of the Thirteenth and SEVENTEENTH Army Corps, with 18 medical officers and Dr. Taylor, regimental surgeon, in addition, four others, with seven rebel surgeons, in charge of the rebel wounded.

After the engagement at Black River Bridge, on the 18th instant, there were 150 wounded, of the Thirteenth Army Corps, left in charge of a regimental surgeon.

The total number of wounded left (many of whom have been permitted to come inside of our lines since) within the lines of the enemy, as General Grant's army fell back for the purpose of investing the city of Vicksburg, was 2,161, and the total number of medical officers 19, in charge of our own, and 4 others assisting the rebel surgeons in the care of their wounded.

The medical director informs me that all supplies have been in great abundance, and at all times on hand and ready for every emergency on this rapid and particularly arduous campaign. On the 19th instant, 5 wagons, loaded with medical supplies, were forwarded to Champion's Hill, and arrived safely. In Jackson the drugs in the drug stores were appropriated, which were ample. On the 21st instant, thirty days' rations were under a flag of truce, and distributed to the wounded within the lines of the enemy.

The wounded from the battles (two assaults, with quite a heavy loss, and a repulse) here before Vicksburg have been removed to hospital transports, i. E., the worst cases, and sent to Memphis as rapidly as cir-

