
cumstances would permit. The more slightly wounded are to be taken care of in DIVISION hospitals.

Every arrangement is being made to be ready for the tug of war, which is expected to come off in a few days.

The Cincinnati (gunboat) as sunk yesterday morning by their water batteries, and quite a number of lives lost.

At long intervals, firing has been kept up since I arrived yesterday, while the pickax and spade have been kept constantly at work, day and night, for days.

The general commanding expects confidently that the city will be surrendered in a few days.

I intend to commence to-morrow visiting the DIVISION hospitals, and have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

JNO. E. SUMMERS,

Medical Inspector, U. S. Army.

N. B. - A copy of the above sent to the assistant surgeon-general at Saint Louis.

HELENA, ARK. May 28, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding, &amp;c., Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I am this day in receipt of a communication from Major-General Grant, bearing date of the 25th instant, from which the following is an extract, viz;

If, therefore, you have not sent off the cavalry ordered to WEST Tennessee, send them at once to report to me on the Yazoo River.

Having been unable to secure transportation for the cavalry to Memphis, I must, pursuant to the above instructions, send them below.

Sincerely wishing that the change in their destination may not seriously embarrass any plans you may have been maturing for operations in your district.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. M. PRENTISS.

MEMPHIS, TENN., May 28, 1863.

Major General RICHARD J. OGLESBY,

Jackson, Tenn.:

Vicksburg is going to be a siege. Grant demands more force from me. I have ordered four regiments from Columbus, and you will send eight regiments of infantry from your command to this place to go down. Grant wishes Kimball to take command. If he is able, you will send him.

The regiments will take no tents,, except shelter tents and hospital. The baggage will be reduced by personal inspection to the minimum. Six wagons and the ambulances will be allowed to a regiment. No artillery will be required.

The line from Grand Junction to Corinth will be pushed through, and Jackson and Bolivar abandoned as posts, probably.

I shall send all the cavalry I can spare to Grenada. Report what regiments you will send. Act promptly.

S. A. HURLBUT.

