
gallant army you have so long and so successfully commanded. I am free to admit that I feel altogether sanguine and confident of the result. My only regret is that I am not permitted to be with you, where, I am vain enough to believe, I could render you more efficient service, and thus do more to maintain and uphold the cause in which all our hopes are centered, and upon the triumph of which depend not alone our national honor but our national existence as well.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

B. M. PRENTISS.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 144. near Vicksburg, MISS., May 29, 1863.

Army corps commanders and commanders of detached forces will take immediate steps to obstruct and render impassable for troops all roads leading into the rear of their respective commands and into Vicksburg, except the main Jackson road, via the Big Black Railroad bridge and the different roads to Haynes' Bluff.

On the Bridgeport road, and on all roads south of it, except the main Jackson road, the obstructions will be commenced as far out as the Big Black River, and, on all other roads to be obstructed, as far out as possible; every bridge on them will be destroyed, and at favorable points the timber cut across the roads, in toward the city, and up to our rear pickets.

The main Jackson road, via Big Black Railroad bridge, and the different roads to Haynes' Bluff, will be left unmolested.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., May 29., 1863

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

SIR: Your dispatch was received at 11. 30 p. m. last night. I have ordered four regiments of infantry from Columbus District and eight regiments from Jackson and Corinth, to be pushed forward with all dispatch. They will be ready to move down as soon as boats can be furnished. Jackson and that line will be temporarily abandoned up to Bolivar. I have also ordered all the detached cavalry in District of Columbus here.

My cavalry has just returned from Panola, breaking up Chalmers' force. I shall send the entire mounted force toward Grenada, except such as are necessary to threaten Okolona, and keep them from closing in rear of our expedition.

I am waiting orders from Washington as to the disposition of prisoners, and have relieved the guard.

I find many officers and some soldiers coming up from below. All that are not unfit for service, and not under orders from your headquarters, I order back, as I do not consider it a fit time for any indulgences.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

