HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., May 29, 1863.

Major General RICHARD J. OGLESBY, Jackson, Tenn.:

Make all your arrangements, abandon Jackson, and establish your force on the line of the Charleston and Memphis Railroad.

The troops at Jackson and Bethel left after this draft of eight regiments are strong enough to fill the line from Grand Junction to Chewalla in force. Bolivar will be held until everything is removed so as to cover the bridge. Chewalla will be garrisoned from Corinth.

General Kimball will take command of the expedition below.

You can send Brayman, or not, as you please. Transportation has been ordered by General Webster.

Boats are not here yet, and probably will not be until to-morrow night, so that there will be time enough for your movement.

S. A. HURLBUT,

MEMPHIS, May 29, 1863-8. 30 a. m.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH:

Send, with all possible dispatch, the THIRD Minnesota, Fortieth Iowa, Twenty-FIFTH and Twenty-seventh Wisconsin, by steamer to Vicksburg, reporting here for orders. Let them take five days' rations, 6 wagons to a regiment, and 100 rounds per man. No tents except shelter tents. Reduce baggage to the minimum.

Abandon Fort Heiman. Send the One hundred and eleventh Illinois to Paducah or Columbus. Bring away all Government property or stores worth moving. Send all companies of SECOND, Fourth, and Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry by land through Covington. Let them rendezvous at Fort Pillow. Heavy baggage and stores to follow by steamer, under light guard. You must use the Fourth Missouri and Fifteenth Kentucky for cavalry duty. Send the remainder of Thirty-fourth Wisconsin to Memphis. Let all this be done promptly.

S. A. HURLBUT,

JACKSON, May 29, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

The following has just been received from General Dodge:

Six of the scouts have returned from Pikeville, Ala. They brought in 8 prisoners. Report that Roddey was ordered to Bragg, with most of his force; that a considerable force is still at Okolona and a small one at Columbus; also say that the mountains are full of Union men and deserters lying out from rebel army. Re-enforcements are said to be still going to Johnston.

G. M. DODGE

R. J. OGLESBY.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION,

In the Field, May 30, 1863

[Major-General GRANT:]

GENERAL: Our pickets arrested a party of men this morning making their way to Vicksburg. The letters inclosed were found upon their persons, together with 200,000 percussion caps. They represent Johnston as being at Jackson in force. The boy who acts as pilot to the party is one of the boys I let off about three days ago. He is dangerous

