
MEMPHIS, TENN., May 30, 1863-9 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

General Oglesby reports that Johnston has received re-enforcements as follows: From Bragg, 20,000; from Port Hudson, 10,000; from Mobile, 6,700. This undoubtedly incorrect, or it relates to the whole force drawn from these points instead of late re-enforcements. Two railroad engineers, who left Canton on Wednesday, and arrived at La Grange to-day, state that Johnston is at Jackson with 13,000 men. One of the men heard Johnston say that D. H. Hill was on the way from Virginia with 18,000 men; said that he would attack Grant in rear in five days. Crossings over Pearl River are being constructed.

S. A. HURLBUT,
HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., May 30, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Commanding Department:

GENERAL: It is reported to me from a source believed to be reliable that heavy re-enforcements are now on the way to Johnston, 20,000 being drawn from Bragg's army, and others from Mobile and Port Hudson. I have informed Rosecrans for two weeks past that all my information pointed to heavy drafts from the force opposed to him. Up to this time he has refused to credit it.

It is almost an impossibility to procure water transportation to send my troops down. Four regiments are ordered down from the district of Columbus, and eight are now here or on their way from the Jackson command. I have boats for four regiments which leave to-morrow. This reduces me considerably, unless Rosecrans will move, in which case I shall be much relieved.

Forrest has gone to Grenada with his command; it is said 5,000. I shall push my cavalry as far south as they can go.

We are exceedingly anxious for the army below.

Your obedient servant,S. A. HURLBUT,

JACKSON, May 30, 1863

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis:

I have information from a source I cannot mention, but reliable, that Johnston has 70,000 men, and will soon attack Grant. The force is probably most from Bragg. I will try to find out to-day. Rosecrans ought to move instantly. I will find out all I can in a few hours.

R. J. OGLESBY,

[Same, Hurlbut to Halleck.]

[MAY 30, 1863. - For Hurlbut to Rosecrans, in reference to Confederate movements in Northern Alabama, see Series I, VOL. XXIII, Part II, p. 373.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Before Port Hudson, May 31, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I beg to invite the special attention of the General-in-Chief and the War Department to the valuable services rendered to me by that excellent officer, Colonel B. H. Grierson, Sixth Illinois Cavalry, and the

