
Black and Yazoo Rivers, with cross-roads to every ferry on Black. From Satartia, on the Yazoo, it is only about 10 miles across to Cox's Ferry, on the Black. Mechanicsburg, 3 miles from Satartia, is a key-point to the whole neck of land. I have determined to send a garrison up there, using Satartia as a base of supplies. The infantry will go on steamers to-morrow. I would request that the fleet you keep at Hayne's Bluff convoy these troops up the Yazoo,, and remain at Satartia whilst troops are kept at Mechanicsburg.

U. S. GRANT,

NEAR Vicksburg, MISS, June 2., 1863.

Brigadier General JOSEPH A. MOWER,

Commanding Advance Forces:

Move your brigade, together with all the cavalry assigned to your command, to Mechanicsburg. Take with you the commissary boat and one other boat, which ten chief quartermaster is directed to send up to you to-day. Admiral Porter has been requested to send the gunboats now at Haynes' Bluff up with you. these, with the steamers, will probably be able to carry your infantry to Satartia; if not, let the transport steamer make additional trips until your troops are all up. The cavalry, artillery, and such land transportation as you want with you can be moved up by the bottom road. Keep the extra steamer with you to use in case of need.

When your troops are posted at Mechanicsburg, keep the cavalry actively employed in watching the movements of the enemy. Should a large force get to your rear, move to Satartia, and, with your transports, move to the WEST bank of the Yazoo, from which withdraw to Haynes' Bluff by land and water, as best you can. . Whilst stationed in the advance, obstruct all the roads leading to the Big Black River in every way you can. Destroy or bring in for your own use all the forage, provisions, and transportation you can reach. I an few days I will be able t send an entire DIVISION, or move to re-enforce you, when I think you will be able to make excursions up through the rich Yazoo bottoms, and keep me well informed of all information collected.

U. S. GRANT,

NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., June 2, 1863.

Commanders of Thirteenth, Fifteenth, and SEVENTEENTH Army Corps:

You will commence firing at 6. 30 o'clock this evening. Fire ten minutes, stop twenty, and fire again for twenty minutes more.

U. S. GRANT,

[MILLIKEN'S BEND,] June 2, 1863

General GRANT:

Rumors of an attack on this place. I can defend everything here, but have not sufficient force to move on to meet them if they should attempt to come in. The rebels are still paroling our men and sending them across. I have ordered the near boats to be seized and destroyed and the men to be held as prisoners.

SULLIVAN.

