
with two brigades of Van Dorn's Mississippi Cavalry, to Johnston. The time appears now nearly ripe, and we have begun a movement, which, with God's blessing, will give us some good results.

W. S. ROSECRANS.,

WASHINGTON, June 2, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

If you can possibly spare some troops, send them immediately to General Grant. They can be returned to you the moment Vicksburg is taken.

H. W. HALLECK.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 2, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I will send six regiments of infantry. I can spare three excellent batteries. Shall I send them also?

J. M. SCHOFIELD.

WASHINGTON, June 2, 1863. - 3. p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Yes; send everything you can to General Grant. Send those nearest, and replace them from the interior. It is all-important that Grant have early assistance.

H. W. HALLECK.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 2, 1863- 6 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

A scout just in at Corinth left Columbia on May 21, with [W. H.] Jackson's and [J. W.] Whitfield's brigades of cavalry, under command of Jackson, 5,000 strong; crossed the Tennessee at Decatur, 25th; took the road to Columbus, MISS., thence to Jackson. This is Van Dorn's old command, except [F. C.] Armstrong's brigade, which was left at Columbia. He left them at Pikeville on Thursday. He says tow DIVISIONS from Bragg have gone to Johnston; also, troops from Georgia and South Carolina. Forrest was left at Columbia. [S. J.] Gholson, [W. M.] Inge, and [D.] Ruggles were near Okolona, with ten pieces of artillery and large cavalry force. At Okolona officers say that Johnston is being reenforced very slowly, causing great dissatisfaction. They think if Pemberton can hold out two weeks Johnston will be able to relieve him. He is now at Jackson organizing and provisioning troops. They think if Pemberton can hold out two weeks Johnston will be able to relieve him. He is now at Jackson organizing and provisioning troops. They think General Grant's position very strong, and estimate his force very high. I have sent to General Grant in all twenty-eight regiments of infantry.

Cornyn, from Corinth, crossed at Florence last week, surprised Roddey, killed and wounded 60, captured 150 prisoners, 500 horses and mules, 200 negroes, burned cotton factories, and recrossed with trifling loss. No late news from Vicksburg.

S. A. HURLBUT,

[Same, Oglesby to Hurlbut.]

