
NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., June 3., 1863.

Major General John A. LOGAN,

Commanding THIRD DIVISION:

GENERAL: It having been rumored that the enemy intend to make an attempt to cut their way out to-night, Major-General McPherson directs that you cause your command to sleep on their arms and to be turned out under arms at 2 a. m., and so remain until after sunrise.

You will also please instruct your chief of artillery to have the men on the watch, and the whole artillery command to stand to their guns at the same hour.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. CLARK.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE Numbers 149. near Vicksburg, MISS., June 3, 1863.

* * * * * * *

IX., Major General F. P. Blair will proceed, with the five brigades temporarily under his command, to the left of the investing army. The position to be occupied by him will be designated by Lieutenant-Colonel Wilson, assistant inspector-general.

When General Blair's forces are placed in position, Brigadier-General Lauman will move forward with his DIVISION, occupying as advanced a position as possible, intrenching the ground taken. He will construct covered ways from one position of his command to another, and, with the assistance of troops on his right and left, will connect his parallels with them.

Major-General Blair will be charged with making the investment of the south side of the city so perfect as to prevent the possible ingress or egress of couriers of the enemy, and will also commence and push his approaches on their works with all possible dispatch.

By order of Major General U. S. GRANT:

[JNO. A. RAWLINS.]

Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Vicksburg, June 3, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: Forward as soon as possible three effective batteries from your command, including one for Helena. In addition to this, General Smith should bring with his DIVISION two additional batteries.

All things are progressing here favorably. Every day pushes us a little nearer the enemy. Joe Johnston is still threatening us on the other side of the Big Black. What his force is now is hard to tell, but all the loose characters in the country seem to be joining his standard, besides troops coming over the railroad daily. I have a strong position front and rear, and expect to worry him out, if the should come.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT.

