
MEMPHIS, TENN., June 3, 1863-1. 30 p. M

(Received June 8-5. 30 p. M.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I have sent to General Grant in all twenty-eight regiments of infantry. Shall I further reduce this corps? It is now not more than enough to strongly hold my line and make those offensive movements which are the best defense. There are now here six boats of the Marine Brigade, and re-enforcements can well be sent by them either from this corps or from any other source.

S. A. HURLBUT

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 3, 1863-5 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Colonel Hillyer, from General Grant's command, has brought me orders from Grant to send another DIVISION. I have ordered it to go below. This reduces my infantry force to 20,000 men. Hillyer says that General Banks has received all dispatches sent him through General Grant; that he has invested Port Hudson, attacked once, and been repulsed,, and now asks for 10,000 men from General Grant to aid in reducing the post. I will send every disposable man to general Grant. I am satisfied he should have 10,000 more than can be drawn from this corps. It is certain that Johnston has from 20,000 to 25,000 now, and that troops from Bragg are with him on the way. There is no prospect of General Banks coming up, although transports have been offered him, and the order delivered to him by Colonel Riggin, of General Grant's staff.

S. A. HURLBUT,

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 3, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

Inform Major-General Grant that I received his dispatch of 31st to-day. Smith's DIVISION has marching orders, and will be pushed forward as fast as Oglesby can relieve them. This reduces me to about 20,000 infantry. I hope in a short time to clear the country in front so as to be able to spare others. I have telegraphed to Washington the situation below, and hope heavy re-enforcements will come from the east.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

S. A. HURLBUT.

JACKSON, June 3, 1863.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT.

My effective force is 12,000. I have sent a good deal of my stores to Corinth, already: can clear up here and Bolivar in three days.

R. J. OGLESBY.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 3, 1863.

Major General RICHARD J. OGLESBY, Jackson, Tenn.:

GENERAL: It is of very great importance that your troops should be moved rapidly upon the new line.

Pocahontas, La Grange, Moscow, and Collierville are the prominent

