
points to be held by garrison; the lesser stations will be outposts from these. You can patrol the road from La Grange to Jackson with your battery car so as to keep up the telegraph.

A wire will be placed from here to Corinth on the main road. General Smith will leave at La Grange equipments and mules for mounting two regiments of infantry. The whole cavalry force will be left as now stationed, at La Grange, Collierville, and Germantown. You will bring the THIRD Michigan, and locate them at Pocahontas. I should think you will require artillery at the points named, and, if you choose, I will send one regiment of infantry to Germantown. The negro regiments will be armed and put on duty. Smith will leave his, now 60 strong.

The cavalry must be kept moving far in front, so as to cover our line by distant patrols.

Send everything to Corinth and La Grange that needs transferring by railroad, and march all troops that are not too distant to the new line.

Get a force down, and relieve Smith at the earliest practicable moment. Use all the railroad stock you want and can use. Grant is pressing, and must be supplied.

Your obedient servant.

S. A. HURLBUT.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 3, 1863.

Major General RICHARD J. OGLESBY, Jackson, Tenn.:

You will as speedily as possible throw your force over to the Charleston and Memphis Railroad, relieving General Smith, and occupying the entire line from Corinth to Germantown, and Collierville will remain. This movement will be executed with the greatest promptness, as it is vitally important that Smith's DIVISION go below at once.

S. A. HURLBUT.

CORINTH, MISS., June 3, 1863.

Colonel MERSY:

You will proceed, with your brigade, to Pocahontas, and then distribute your troops from the eotect the brigades on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad to Grand Junction. It will be best to keep your mounted force together at Pocahontas, as within 2 miles of it are the most important bridges on the railroad, which, when finished, you will also have to guard. Two of them are in sight of the town. They are the Tuscumbia, Hatchie, and Muddy. Whenever you post detachments, you will immediately have them intrench themselves, by earthworks or stockades, in commanding positions, and so that they will cover the works they are to defend. You will also have to scout and closely watch the country south of you, and be very vigilant in watching the approach of any enemy. You will employ two or three reliable scouts and closely watch the country south of you, and be very vigilant in watching the approach of any enemy. You will employ two or three reliable scouts or detail men for that purpose. As soon as the railroad is running it must be patrolled at least once in night and day, and strict orders must be given to all officers commanding detachments in relation to holding their men in camp, and not letting them straggle out.

The engineer regiment is now encamped and intrenched at Pocahontas, building the bridge, and the commanding officer of it can give you much valuable information in relation to the road, bridges, &amp;c.

