
LEXINGTON, KY., June 3, 1863-2. 55 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

The two DIVISIONS of the NINTH Army Corps go. Shall I go with them? Hartsuff is concentrating the troops, and can look out for matters here, and I will have nothing to do. I may be able to help Grant.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 4, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Lexington:

It would be obviously improper for you to leave your department to accompany a temporary detachment of less than one-quarter of your effective force. Moreover, the organization of the Kentucky militia requires your immediate attention.

H. W. HALLECK.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 4, 1863

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

I think you had better send no more at present. The moment General Grant succeeds on the Mississippi, an expedition will be sent up the Arkansas to drive out Price or take him in rear. Banks thinks that most of Price's forces have been drawn south.

H. W. HALLECK.

NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., June 4, 1863.

Brigadier General NATHAN KIMBALL, Commanding Advance Forces:

I have just received information that a portion of Johnston's force has gone into Yazoo City. In penetrating north, therefore, the cavalry going in advance will be in danger of having their rear cut off by this force closing in behind them.

The position of the enemy and his numbers must be well ascertained before going much beyond Mechanicsburg. I do not want to run any great risk of having any portion of the army cut off or defeated . If, therefore, your judgment is against reaching Big Black River Bridge with security, and getting back again, you need not attempt it.

Major Marsh, of the SECOND Illinois Cavalry, who bears this, has been ordered to the front to relieve Colonel Bush, of the same regiment, who will return to his army corps.

U. S. GRANT,

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 4, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis:

GENERAL: In order to keep up and extend our telegraph lines, it will be necessary to afford transportation, escort, and assistance to our telegraphic corps in your department. You will please furnish such transportation, assistance, and protection as may be required for the above purpose on the requisition of Colonel Stager, military supervisor, or his assistant in charge. The telegraph lines being in possession of this Department under the act of Congress, Colonel Stager is the chief of the telegraphic staff, and you will please recognize and aid him accordingly,

EDWIN M. STANTON.

