
JACKSON, June 4, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel. BINMORE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

I am sending you to day, on road to Cairo, 200 of the elite refugee corps. They have four day's rations, $10 each in money, and go under a detail of non-commissioned officers and few men to Cairo.

R. J. OGLESBY.

JACKSON, June 4, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

I have left 2 engines and 30 cars with General Dodge at Corinth. Troops from Jackson to Corinth all go to Corinth to-day. I leave here at 4 p. m. to-day with two small regiments for La Grange, and send Colonel Hurst through the country to Bolivar. Colonel Mizner is left here with the THIRD Michigan Cavalry to clear up. Will leave three companies along the road from Bolivar to Jackson. To-morrow will get in troops from Bolivar. Dodge has a brigade at Pocahontas, and guards to Grand Junction. This leaves two brigades of infantry at Corinth and plenty of artillery. I shall be very weak at La Grange- 1,600 infantry. Can't you relieve General Smith from Memphis to La Grange for a few days?

R. J. OGLESBY.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, June 4, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

GENERAL: Colonel Rigging delivered to me your letter of the 31st of May, yesterday, at 4 p. m. Appreciating the difficulties of your position, I cannot say I was greatly disappointed in learning your inability to send a detachment to our assistance. At the same time, I deeply regret it. A little additional strength would carry us through the enemy's works without delay. I am confident, however, that we shall succeed. Our heavy guns are now being placed in position, and by to-morrow we shall open a fire that cannot but make a serious impression both upon the works and the garrison of the enemy.

There is force of 2,000 or 3,000 in our rear which is being strengthened daily by such additions as can be gathered from the country about us, that will in a short time give us some trouble. Colonel Grierson had a sharp engagement with them yesterday, in which we sustained some loss, and the enemy lost heavily.

The consideration that gives me most anxiety is what course I should take in joining you. If I abandon Port Hudson, I have its garrison of 5,000 or 6,000 the force of [A.] Mouton and [H. H.] Sibley, now in the neighborhood of Brashear City, and the army at Mobile to threaten and attack New Orleans. To detach from my command troops enough to secure that place, which ought not to be less than 10,000, my support to you would be but trifling, and would not, at the same time, prevent the enemy's re-enforcing Johnston by an equal or larger number of men.

It seems to me that I have no other course than to carry my object here, thus crippling the enemy, and to join you with my whole strength as soon as possible. This I hope to accomplish in a few days. I believe, if uninterrupted by fresh attacks, this day week will see our flag floating over the fortifications now occupied by the enemy.

Acting upon the information of Colonel Riggin, I shall send my trans-

25 R R-VOL. XXIV, PT. III.

