
portation, land and water, for some kinds of ammunition, to Saint Louis, or the nearest depot, for supplies.

Major- General Halleck writes me on the 19th of May that he is anxious that I should do all in my power to untie my forces with yours. He can give, he says, neither of us re-enforcements. Both Rosecrans and Burnside are calling loudly for re-enforcements, and he had none for either.

With earnest wishes for your success, and a determination to join you at the earliest possible moment, I remain, general, your obedient servant.

N. P. BANKS,

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 5, 1863

(Received 6. 50 p. m., 7th)

Hon E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Arrived here at 5 p. . M. Troops are being withdrawn from the line of the road between this place and Cairo, and telegraph communication is most certain to be interrupted. Dispatches will have to be sent

by river to Cairo until the line can be protected. Will make an effort to keep line open by running a hand-car. Will telegraph again this p. m.

A. STAGER,

WASHINGTON, June 5, 1863-9. 30 a. m.

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis, Tenn.:

Eight thousand men go to General Grant from Kentucky and 5,000 from Missouri. Should you be seriously threatened, you can stop some of them by the way. Keep your forces well in hand, and watch Johnston closely. He may make a sudden movement north, if unable to raise the siege of Vicksburg. Keep General Grant informed of my telegrams to you.

H. W. HALLECK.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 5, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT, Commanding, &amp;c.,:

GENERAL: The General-in-Chief directs me to inform you that you have already authority to mount all the troops you can. Requisitions for horse equipments made on the Ordnance Department will be filled as rapidly as possible. You are directed to obtain your supplies, as far as possible, from the country, for if you do not take them the enemy will.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 5, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT.

GENERAL: Brigadier-General [William Sooy] Smith's DIVISION, sixteen regiments of infantry and four batteries, is on the way in, and will embark to-night and to-morrow. My line is singularly reduced by this, but nothing worse can happen than a temporary obstruction to the road.

On the 2nd, I telegraphed to General Halleck that at least 10,000 more

