
garrison equipage and transportation, to Moscow, Tenn., and take post there for the purpose of guarding railroad. He will march across the country, and, on arriving there, will put out detachments to guard the bridges over Wolf Creek, one-half mile west, and over Grissom's Creek, 5 miles WEST of Moscow, keeping open communications with the detachments.

II. Colonel James I. Gilbert, Twenty-seventh Iowa Infantry Volunteers, will turn over to Colonel James M. True, commanding THIRD Brigade, the refugee fund in his possession, collected by him at Jackson, Tenn., taking duplicate receipts therefor, one copy of which he will retain, and the other forward to headquarters, left wing, SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

* * * * * * *

By order of James M. True, colonel, commanding brigade:

E. R. WILEY, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JUNE] 7, [1863]

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

General Osterhaus has just reported that his cavalry force is too small. Colonel Mudd is using the SECOND Illinois on the Hall's Ferry and Baldwin's Ferry roads and the lateral roads connecting these with Big Black, and cannot well be spared from there.

The Sixth Missouri, or some other detachment of cavalry, should be ordered to report to General Osterhaus.

JOHN A. McClernand.

GRAND GULF, June 7,, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel RAWLINS:

SIR: I am positively informed that seven transports crowded with rebels, under [H. E.] McCulloch, [R.] Taylor, and [J. G.] Walker, a part of whom attacked the force at Perkin's a week ago, are making their [way] up Tensas, and that they intend to attack Milliken's Bend, or, failing in that, to capture a steamboat and cross to Mississippi; the force is 6,000 strong; estimated at 10,000. [I. F.] Harrison was ordered to join them.

Your obedient servant,

GEORGE E. BRYANT, Colonel.

STEAMER GREAT WESTERN,

Near Vicksburg, June 7, 1863.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,. Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report to you what casualties have happened to some of the companies of the FIFTY-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, at present on detached service on the various gunboats of the Mississippi Squadron, under command of Acting Rear-Admiral D. D. Porter. *

Killed near Yazoo City, May 23, 1863, 1 enlisted man; wounded near Vicksburg, May 23, 1863, 1 officer and 4 enlisted men; killed near Vicks-

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

