
burg, May 27, 1863, 3 enlisted men; wounded near Vicksburg, May 27, 1863, 1 enlisted man.

I have the honor to report above statement as correct. Being that this regiment is at present on detached service, reports from the different companies are not received without some delay. This is the reason for not sending this report any sooner.

Very respectfully your obedient servant,

E. P. JACKSON.

Major, Commanding FIFTY-eight Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 7, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

SIR: I ask leave through you to suggest to the major-general commanding the necessity, as soon as may be done, of an expedition which shall destroy the railroad or railroad transportation below Grenada. I cannot reach Wall's Station, where the railroad crosses the Big Black, the highest and most important bridge on the route, and now well guarded, nor can I reach the engines and cars at Canton or Vaiden. They may be reached from the army below.

Johnston has 25 good engines, 15 in poor order, and at least 400 cars. With these he may run to Panola without my knowledge, and, if he becomes desperate as to Vicksburg, it would be eminently a good movement to strike Memphis. The city guard duty here is enormous, and I cannot safely reduce it. With the reduction of the force on this line, will, of course, again spring up guerrilla bands, which must be suppressed by hard riding and some severe examples.

I propose to-morrow to start my best spy from this place to pass down the entire line and bring you all the information he can gather, and send you, as a means of identifying him, one of his reports in his own hand-writing. If he gets through, you may rely upon his statements, as he is a man of sharp observation and of capital judgment, and about as effective a scamp as the Nineteenth Illinois ever had on their rolls.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

P. S. - He goes by the name of

-----

. His name is

------

.

POCAHONTAS, TENN., June 7, 1863.

Brigadier General Greenville, M. DODGE, Comdg. District of Corinth at 9. 30 a. m. on the morning of the 4th. Proceeded on the Chewalla road through the post of Chewalla, arriving in the afternoon at the Tuscumbia River. A heavy rain impeded my progress during the day, and, after having tried to ford the Tuscumbia, I found it impassable. I therefore commenced the construction of a bridge. The small number of axes and spades I had with me rendered the construction of the bridge very slow, but, after a delay of more than two hours, I pushed forward with my advance, but soon found the road completely blocked by fallen timber, and, owing to the darkness, I was forced to halt. I crossed all of my artillery, continued crossing my wagons in spite of the extreme darkness until a late hour in the night, when the upsetting of a wagon, with a considerable injury to the bridge, put an end to further operations. I succeeded,

