
[CHAP. XXXVI.

however, in making the bridge once more passable, and ordered the train to cross at daylight.

At 7 a. m. of the 5th, having cleared the way in front, and crossed my whole train, I took up line of march, and, after a brisk march, struck the Hatchie River, at Smith's Mill, at noon. Here I halted, and commenced the construction of another bridge. After a delay of two hours and a half, a substantial bridge was completed. The abruptness of the river bank made it necessary to use great care in crossing my battery and train, but it was accomplished without accident. At 2 p. m. I pushed forward toward this point, arriving here at 6 p. m. My march on the first day was not less than 16 miles. That of the SECOND, 18. The severe storm during the first day and night rendered the march somewhat tedious, but I felt obliged under your orders to push forward as rapidly as possible.

The next day after my arrival I sent the One hundred and twenty-SECOND Regiment to Grand Junction, but on the receipt of the order of Major-General Oglesby, transmitted through your headquarters, I ordered it back to Saulsbury. It now guards several points on the road on this side of Saulsbury, of which I shall report more fully at the earliest opportunity.

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

[August MERSY,]

Colonel NINTH Illinois Infantry Volunteers, Comdg. Brigade.

NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., June 8, 1863.

Brigadier General E. S. DENNIS,

Commanding District of Northeastern Louisiana:

I have ordered General Mower's brigade over to re-enforce you. He is sent merely for temporary service, to repel any threatened attack. With the force you will have with this accession, I think you can drive the enemy beyond the Tensas River. If, however, you think more force is required, let me know, and it will be promptly sent.

If the enemy is in the neighborhood of Richmond, he should be driven from there, and our troops should push on to Monroe. Every vestige of an enemy's camp ought to be shoved back of that point. I am not fully advised of the you are likely to meet, but cannot think it larger. No such blind move could be made by an intelligent foe as to send more than a force for a raid into such a pocket.

Let me hear what intelligence you have from the rebel forces concentrating on the peninsula.

U. S. GRANT.

P. S. - You understand that all the troops in the District of North-eastern Louisiana, both black and white, are subject to your orders. At Lake Providence you have two white regiments that can join you in any movement toward Monroe.

REAR OF Vicksburg, MISS., June 8, 1863.

(Received, War Department, June 17-2. 45 a. M.)

MONTGOMERY BLAIR, Postmaster-GENERAL:

Tell the President to re-enforce this army, as there is great peril General Banks declines to co-operate with General Grant.

FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.

