
The country between the Tennessee and Mississippi, from Paducah down to the Mississippi State line, requires constant vigilance, especially at present when Bragg's headquarters are at Shelbyville.

Three hundred of my cavalry are operating this side of Reynoldsburg, to capture Colonel [T. G.] Woodward's band, and I would request your co operation to prevent the crossing of any rebel force, as at the present juncture they would raise, in a few days' time, a force by conscription, to meet which I am not prepared just now.

ASBOTH.

LA GRANGE, June 8, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Colonel Hatch met a part of [J. R.] Chalmers' cavalry at Holly Springs, and had a fight with them at 9 o'clock this morning. Drove them back and pursued. Patrols report that cavalry force were moving toward Hernando. Report comes through a negro and a white woman. Have you any such report?

R. J. OGLESBY.

LA GRANGE, June 8, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

The force in my front yesterday was 200. Sent out a force, and drove them toward Ripley. I sent Colonel Wallace at daylight this morning, with 600 men, to Mount Pleasant, to disperse any force there. Hatch has gone by Holly Springs to Tallahatchee, 800 strong.

R. J. OGLESBY.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,[June] 9, [1863]

General U. S. GRANT:

Osterhaus reports that the Eighth Kentucky Mounted Infantry attacked his pickets on Edwards Station road, but, failing to drive it, retired, leaving a prisoner, who says, as the prisoners taken the day before, that General Johnston is rapidly collecting at Canton, and that Johnston will soon attack Snyder's Bluff and Breckinridge Big Black Bridge. Can't you send Osterhaus the detachment of the SECOND Illinois Cavalry ordered from me? Ought not communication to be opened between Osterhaus and Kimball, and each be ready to succor the other?

JOHN A. McClernand.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Near Vicksburg, June 9, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

General Osterhaus reports that the enemy are crossing at Macon's Ford, 7 miles north of Bridgeport Ferry; that his pickets, with two companies of cavalry, have momentarily checked him; that he must be re-enforced by all available cavalry. I have sent all my cavalry. This movement is far to my right. Can't McPherson and Sherman send re-enforcements? Should not a mobile force be immediately thrown between Bridgeport and Oak Ridge Ferries?

Please immediately send to General Osterhaus the balance of the SECOND Illinois Cavalry, and as much more as you can. General Oster-

