
work on roads or trenches, and their wares turned into the hospital or distributed among the soldiers on duty.

Horses, mules, or any species of property found in possession of stragglers or absentees from duty, will be turned in to the corps

quartermaster, a memorandum receipt taken, and sent to the corps inspector general.

V. Colonel Eldridge, One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois, will guard the Yazoo City road, at Chickasaw Creek,,, and also the bridges across the bayou, and will enforce at those points the same general orders as above prescribed.

VI. Colonel Judy, of the One hundred and fourteenth Illinois, will guard the road at the picket station near Templeton's,, with vedettes on the by-roads leading therefrom north and east, and enforce similar general orders.

VII. In every regiment, troop, or company there must be at least three roll-calls daily-at reveille, retreat, and tattoo, and any commander who cannot account for every man in his command, at all times, will be liable for neglect of duty. He cannot shift his responsibility to an orderly sergeant.

The inspector-general of the corps may, and will, frequently visit camps, call for the rolls, and see that captains and colonels can account for every man.

VIII. Surgeons in charge of corps and DIVISION hospitals will notify regimental commanders of the admission and discharge of men at their hospitals, and furnish lists of men so admitted or discharged to the proper military commander.

Corps and DIVISION inspector-generals may, and will, frequently visit such hospitals, and satisfy themselves that no officers or soldiers are in hospital, except such as are admitted for treatment or regularly detailed as nurses.

IX. All commanders of DIVISIONS, brigades, regiments, and detached companies will be held responsible that their camps are not encumbered with surplus wagons, tents, horse, mules, tools, sutlers' trash, or anything that will prevent their raising camp at a moment's notice and taking up the march against an enemy to our front, flank, or rear.

X. The magnificent task assigned to this army should inspire every officer and soldier to sacrifice everything of comfort, ease, or pleasure to the one sole object, "success," now apparently within our grasp. A little more hard work, great vigilance, and a short struggle, and Vicksburg is ours.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAIRO, ILL., June 9, 1863. - Noon.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The telegraph still working to Memphis. Up to this hour nothing of importance has reached that point from below. Five steamer-loads of the NINTH Corps left this place yesterday and during the night. More now embarking. My men have extended the telegraph from General Grant's headquarters to headquarters of the right and left wings of our army; also to Chickasaw Bayou Landing and Haynes' Bluff, and offices in constant operation. Raining at Memphis, and cool and cloudy here.

A. STAGER.

