
MEMPHIS, TENN., June 10, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

COLONEL: I have received to-day one letter from Captain Lyford, chief of ordnance, in relation to sending down 32 pounder guns and carriages for 10-inch columbiads. Colonel [Ignatz G.] Kappner, First Tennessee Heavy A. D. Artillery, proceeded at once to Columbus and Island Numbers 10 to fill this order.

In the other, form yourself, of the 8th, you direct the infantry and artillery of this command held ready for still further reduction at short notice.

The command is ready to be moved as rapidly as can be done and to any extent required by orders from headquarters. It now covers the main line of road from Memphis to Corinth, and covers this very lightly. Had I any disposable infantry force, I should move down the Panola road.

Scout in at La Grange; left Jackson the 7th. Says the claim 50,000 men with Johnston; he thinks not more than 30,000. Breckinridge is there with 10,000. Forces constantly arriving from Charleston, Savannah, and Tennessee. The railroad was fully repaired on Saturday. Forage and supplies being forced down from all parts of Mississippi.

[W. H.] Jackson and [J. W.] Whitfield, with cavalry, reached Jackson on Friday. Hatch has just returned form an expedition along the Tallahatchie. Met nothing but pickets and light squads. I shall send the whole of my cavalry down as far as they can go, to destroy crops and break up roads and means of transportation.

A portion of the SECOND DIVISION, of NINTH Army Corps, arrived this afternoon; the balance will be here in a few hours from Cairo. The DIVISION is in command of Major-General Parke. Everything is being pressed forward as fast as possible, but there is terrible scarcity of boats, and it seems as if boats that go down to your parts never return. It is impossible to send anything down until some of the boats below are returned. Every boat from Saint Louis is in service. They should not be kept an hour after they are discharge of their cargoes.

I am fully satisfied that Johnston cannot bring more than 35,000 men, of all arms, within the next ten days.

Bragg is removing his stores to Atlanta, but Rosecrans will not believe any reports from this quarter, and I have ceased communicating with him, except through Washington. He could now easily clear Middle Tennessee and open communication with Dodge at Hamburg.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., June 10, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Tenn., in the Field:

COLONEL: I received this morning orders through Captain Lyford, ordnance officer, to send ten 32-pounder guns and carriages for two 10-inch columbiads, with ammunition. I have sent Colonel Kappner,

First Tennessee Artillery, to Columbus, to procure the same and forward as speedily as possible. They shall be sent as soon as they can be shipped. Major-General Parke telegraphs me from Cairo, inquiring when first boat of NINTH Army Corps arrives. I expect them hourly. Smith has left with his DIVISION.

