
I reiterate my request that the general commanding will see to it, if possible, that communication north by railroad be destroyed.

Hatch's cavalry is now south of the Tallahatchie, looking after any proposed advance. Unless it is absolutely necessary, I do not desire to move the Fourth Illinois Cavalry, and on this await orders. The reasons are that Rosecrans is not active near the Tennessee; that the abandonment of Jackson lays the whole country open and that active cavalry movements from Columbus are necessary to cover this open line.

Colonel Hillyer reported to me, with orders from General Grant, to assist in expediting movements of troops. I am not aware of any assistance rendered by him, although his society was very agreeable when time was allowed to converse with him. I am satisfied that his forte is not in quartermaster's duty.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

P. S. - I have heard incidentally that Colonel Duff and Colonel Lagow, of your staff, have been here. They have not reported to me.

LA GRANGE, TENN., June 10, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE, Memphis, Tenn.:

COLONEL: I inclose, for the notice of the general, late rebel papers from Jackson and Mobile, and letters of some importance, taken in rebel mail on the 8th instant near Ripley. Both letters are signed by Captain Boyce, rebel army, and refer to rations and numbers of the enemy at Canton and Jackson. Colonel Hatch was sent to the waters of the Tallahatchee, to clear the enemy out of that region and threaten the rear of Chalmers at Panola. He left here on the 6th instant with 800 men. Will be absent six days from time of starting. The report of his having fought the enemy at Holly Springs turns out to be an error. I think he will return without much loss. The expedition must do good in several points of view. I have, as you notice, temporarily organized the cavalry into a DIVISION, Colonel J. K. Mizner in command. This will relieve me of much detail, and, I think, make the cavalry more effective. I send you a copy of General Orders, Numbers 12, on the subject. At last the old line from Grand Junction to Corinth is abandoned and everything removed to the new. There was an immense amount of stuff to get away. Considering that the First DIVISION was moving at the same time, the work could have been done no sooner. The greatest confusion arose from the rules in the transportation department that under no circumstances shall trains move until orders from Memphis. In one instance this rule came near resulting seriously. My train was ready to start. I had been waiting to get off two hours. The wires were down, and the conductor, Rockwell, positively refused to move until I was compelled to go to him personally and seriously threaten him, to get him off, and then assumed all responsibility of accidents along the road. At first I sent supplies to Corinth; after came to La Grange or sent to Memphis. As a consequence, I have massed a large amount of stores here-about 300,000 rations; for this force entirely too large. The forage and ordnance I can dispose of. At La Grange, 300,000 rations; at Moscow, one regiment, 600 men, 40,000 rations; at Collierville, one regiment, 60,000 rations; at Germantown, parts of two regiments, about 60,000 rations.

