
At present my command is established as follows; At Corinth, tow brigades of infantry, one of cavalry; at Pocahontas, one brigade, under Colonel Mersy; three regiments of infantry, one of which occupies the road to within 7 miles of Grand Junction, and regiment of mounted infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips, covering the road in front, General Dodge commanding the whole. At Grand Junction, SECOND WEST Tennessee Cavalry, 200; at La Grange, brigades of cavalry of Colonel Hatch and Lieutenant-Colonel Meek; at Collierville, Germantown, and La Fayette, brigade of Colonel McCrillis-all under Colonel Mizner. At La Grange, Sixty-SECOND Illinois Infantry, 450; negro regiment, 800, unarmed. At Moscow, Colonel Gilbert, Twenty-seventh Iowa Infantry, 600. At Grissom's Bridge, two companies; at La Fayette, two companies, and at Collierville, six companies of the FIFTIETH Indiana Infantry. At Germantown, Forty-NINTH Illinois Infantry, colonel Pease. One section of artillery at Germantown, one at Collierville, one at Moscow, and a small battery at La Grange; all under command of Colonel James M. True, Sixty-SECOND Illinois Infantry. Shall visit Memphis in a day or two, if agreeable to you.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. J. OGLESBY.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE OF SUBSISTENCE DEPOT, Macon, MISS., May 27, 1863.

E. I. VASSER, Esq.:

You will proceed to Pontotoc and another adjoining county in Mississippi, and use all possible exertions in procuring a large quantity of bacon for the army at Jackson, and have it hauled at any point on the Mobile, and Ohio Railroad, and advise me by telegraph. Urge the planters to send it forward as fast as possible.

C. M. BOYCE.

Captain and Assistant Commissary of Subsistence.

MACON, MISS., May 29, 1863

Rev. [ROBERT] PAINE, Aberdeen:

DEAR SIR: On my arrival here, I found a dispatch from Major Johnston, chief of subsistence, advising of 200,000 more troops being sent to this department, to be provided for, and urging me very earnestly to very earnestly to accumulate stores as fast as possible, saying if I did not get a large amount from this section of the country that they would be compelled to suffer for want of something to eat. Can I get you to assist me in impressing upon the people the importance of sending forward supplies with all possible speed? It will be impossible to keep the army together unless we can feed them. If you think that I can do anything, I will return to your town. Please let me hear from you as soon as you can.

I am, dear sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. M. BOYCE,

Captain and Assistant Commissary of Subsistence.

LA GRANGE, TENN., June 10, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Commanding Tenth Army Corps, Memphis:

GENERAL: The purport of news from General Dodge is as follows: Chattanooga Rebel, of the 4th, states that Breckinridge, with the DIVISION, is returning to Middle Tennessee--Johnston has enough with

