HEADQUARTERS Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, January 21, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WALTER B. SCATES,Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

SIR: In answer to Special Orders, Number 131, this moment received, I have to report that within ten minutes after being with General McClernand at Milliken's Bend, I had ordered all of Steele's cavalry to be disembarked and the colonel to report to Colonel Stewart. I was surely under the impression at the time that only Osterhaus' DIVISION of Morgan's corps and Stuart's of mine were to come up to Turner's Point this p. m. Steele's cavalry are still at Milliken's. I have none here save some 30 or 40 of Thielemann's, whom I cannot cavalry, rather mounted orderlies. Still, if Colonel Stewart wants them, he can have them.

I except to march with Stuart's DIVISION, without wagons, by the left flank, follow the levee to the canal, the canal to the river below Vicksburg. When here, en route for the Yazoo, I sent a brigade from Young's to the railroad; distance 4 1/2 miles. Road nearly straight; first mile cleared land, then a couple of low, swampy timber-land, in which was a creek not exceeding 25 feet wide. Bridge torn up by the retreating pickets, but easily repaired. Railroad laid inland, which looked like old fields or prairie; some few houses. Road crossed railroad, and went on, doubtless to New Carthage. No wagon road along railroad, and hold the rest of his command in hand. I will reconnoiter the ground hence to Vicksburg, and make an accurate map. Steele can remain at Milliken's till sent for, and can then march down.

Yours, very respectfully,

W. T. SHERMAN.

P. S. -Captain [J. W.] Paddock, assistant adjutant-general to General Steele, reported in person that all cavalry fit for duty had been ordered to disembark.

ADAMSVILLE [TENN.], January 21, 1863.

General DODGE:

SIR: I have been down on White Oak to see what Captain Kemp was doing, and to order him up to Pittsburg Landing. As your ordered me to Bolivar, I have taken 8 of General Bragg's men on the trip, and I am informed by two reliable citizens that General Forrest, Colonel [J. B.] Biffle, and another colonel (I can't recollect his name) are camped 4 miles from Clifton, on what is called the Elliott Farm. I am also informed that their intentions are to guard the river against our crossing to re-enforce General Rosecrans. One man reports that they were going to take this country as quick as General Grant got all his forces in Mississippi.

Yours, truly,

W. K. M. BRECKENRIDGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Sixth Tennessee Cavalry.

N. B. -On hearing the reports from Clifton, I thought it best not to remove Captain Kemp from White Oak until I heard from you.

