
out them; that Grant attacked Johnston's force on the 5th instant, and was repulsed. Mobile papers of the 6th claim a complete victory at Port Hudson; that Kirby Smith had got into the place and had command in the fight; that Gardner was in pursuit of Banks. This is rumor, however, based on reports from Jackson. I have reports from Jackson to the 3rd instant, giving a similar rumor, but not so strong. I fear Banks has sustained a serious repulse there. Dodge says a scout, in yesterday, reports that Bragg is sending all his stores to Atlanta. He also reports a movement in front of Dodge from below. Dodge has sent out to see about it, and, if so, to check it. I think it is no more than a movement to watch us. Another scout, in from Meridian-left there Sunday, the 7th-reports Breckinridge at Jackson, 10,000 strong, and forces coming in constantly from Charleston, Savannah, and Tennessee. They claim to have 50,000, but scouts think not 30,000. The railroad was finished to Jackson on Saturday. Johnston was pressing everything into the service. Artillery horses were going to him in large numbers. Every station on Mobile and Ohio Railroad was filled with corn for Johnston. All Johnston's, forces were ordered to move on Thursday, and part of them crossed Big Black at Moore's Bluff that night. On Friday they had a fight there. Papers of the 7th claim a victory, but scout says they were whipped badly, and driven back. Papers of the 6th claim a victory somewhere on the Yazoo, and 2,000 prisoners. All bridges on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad guarded. On Saturday [W.] Boyles' Alabama regiment and [N. N.] Cox's battalion, with three pieces artillery, arrived at Okolona, making now FIFTEEN pieces there. The force is all mounted and scattered toward Panola. Cox brought 1,000 men with him. The whole force is pretty large. Van Dorn's force, under Jackson, reached Jackson last Friday. Johnston and Pettus have issued a joint proclamation for all citizens to volunteer for ninety days. I have been somewhat particular to give you all the details of news as far as I can learn up to this time. The country south is being stripped of everything for Johnston's army. Only men enough left to guard and watch his right. I communicate with Dodge at Pocahontas by messenger. The wires all right from Corinth to that place. The people of Jackson and Bolivar appear to be distressed at our leaving them to the mercy of guerrillas and conscription. Everything in that direction is quiet. I. B. Long goes to Memphis to-day. Considering the state of morals in Lawler's regiment (Eighteenth Illinois) on the slavery question, he has been punished enough by the sentence.

R. J. OGLESBY.

Major-General.

LA GRANGE, June 10, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Colonel Hatch has just returned. Skirmished with small detachments from Holly Springs to New Albany, but found no force to amount to anything. Thinks they have all gone to Johnston. Not 1,000 good

troops between Okolona and Panola. The poorest are left to secure the grain. Everybody harvesting. He brought in 50 negroes; some good horses and mules. FIFTEEN miles from here was attacked by small guerilla band. Killed one of them and wounded several. Lost no men while he was gone. Sent a detachment along the Tallahatchee from Waterford. Below New Albany found only a few pickets at the crossings. Supplies everywhere going to Johnston.

R. J. OGLESBY.

