
MEMPHIS, TENN., June 10, 1863-9. 30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Scouts in at Corinth report that Bragg is moving his stores to Atlanta. Breckinridge is at Jackson with 10,000 men. Johnston not more than 30,000 strong, except militia. Artillery horses going forward to him in large numbers. All citizens of Mississippi called on for ninety days. Troops expected daily from Tennessee, Savannah, and Georgia. Five thousand of Herron's DIVISION and 7,000 of my corps went to General Grant yesterday. One brigade of Parke's DIVISION is here to-night; the rest are expected to-morrow.

S. A. HURLBUT.

NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., June 11, 1863.

Major General John A. McClernand,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

General Herron will cross at Warrenton to-morrow. Eight thousand more troops now on the way. Will cross the same place, and occupy south of the city. This will enable Lauman to close up on you, and, if necessary, take some of the front occupied by your left.

U. S. GRANT,

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 76. near Vicksburg, June 11, 1863.

The following instructions in regard to the firing of the artillery, now in position on the lines, are published for the information of the command, and will be strictly observed until further orders: The 20,24, and 30 pounder batteries will fire eight guns per hour from each battery, commencing at 6 a. m. and ceasing at 6 p. m. The other batteries will fire five guns per hour, commencing and ceasing fire at the same hours. The artillery will direct their fire in such a manner as to prevent the enemy from mounting additional guns or erecting additional works, if practicable, and also to throw as many projectiles into the enemy's intrenchments and camps as possible. If the commanding officers of the batteries discover at any time that the enemy is mounting any guns or erecting additional works, all the batteries whose guns can be made to bear to advantage on those points shall at once concentrate their fire upon the same, and continue firing until the enemy's guns are disabled, or the work is stopped, if practicable. Also, if the enemy open fire with his artillery, the batteries which command it to advantage will open fire, and continue firing until the enemy's guns are silenced, if practicable.

As the supply of ammunition for some of the guns is limited, and the source of supply somewhat uncertain, on account of the difficulty of obtaining it, DIVISION commanders will, in such cases, exercise their discretion as to the amount to be used, and see that a supply to meet emergencies is kept on hand, and properly preserved. The strictest economy consistent with the end in view should be exercised in the expenditure of ammunition, and great care should be taken in regard to firing, so as not to injure our own men.

By order of Major General John A. McClernand:

WALTER B. SCATES,

Lieutenant Colonel and Asst. Adjutant-General, Thirteenth Army Corps.

26 R R-VOL. XXIV, PT. III

