HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,In the Field, near Vicksburg, June 11, 1863.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Commanding SEVENTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: The enemy is reported by Major-General Washburn as having a force of the regiments of cavalry, under [W. H.] Jackson, encamped 2 miles beyond Mechanicsburg, and a force of infantry, under [W. H. T.] Walker, at Yazoo City. General W. S. Smith's DIVISION, of General Hurlbut's corps, is now on the way here, under orders to go to Haynes' Bluff, which, with General Kimball's DIVISION, now there, makes a force of between 12,000 and 14,000 as the garrison; but, in the event of a movement of the enemy in this direction, it may become necessary to strengthen the force there. General Sherman has been directed to hold two brigades in readiness to move to the re-enforcement of Haynes' Bluff, on receipt of orders. Mower's brigade, of Sherman's corps, has been sent to Young's Point, to strengthen that place. You will hold three brigades of your corps in readiness to move to the re-enforcement of Haynes' Bluff, on receipt of orders. Major-General Herron is now here, with a DIVISION from General Schofield's army, and has orders to proceed to Warrenton and take up a position to the left of General Lauman. Eight thousand men, from General Burnside's army, are reported to be en route for this place, which will also be ordered to a position on the left, if nothing occurs between this and the time of their arrival to change the present phase of affairs; but, should any further re-enforcements for Haynes' Bluff be required, they will be taken from the left of General McClernand.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Numbers 45. Camp, Walnut Hills, MISS., June 11, 1863.

General Blair, commanding SECOND DIVISION, will relieve with Lightburn's brigade the brigade of Tuttle's DIVISION, in support of the batteries to the right of the Graveyard road, and take charge of the siege operations along that road. General Tuttle will withdraw the brigade now commanded by Colonel J. J. Woods, and prepare his tow brigades, viz., Buckland's and Wood's, to march at a moment's notice for Haynes' Bluff. The artillery and pioneer company belonging to the DIVISION will also prepare to move with the DIVISION, which should be provided with three days' rations.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., June 11, 1863.

Brigadier General E. S. DENNIS,

Commanding District of Northeastern Louisiana:

In view of present danger of attack upon your command, it is advisable that every precaution should be taken to hold all Government stores and the troops, at least, secure from capture. If the Government farms can be held, they should be held also, but not at the expense of

