
across to Canton, while he will have the main body moving north. You will have to keep a good lookout for this with your cavalry and through scouts. It is now evident the enemy have brought large re-enforcements from Bragg's army, and I cannot think it is with any other design than to raise the siege of Vicksburg. It would only be after despairing of success here that they would attempt a northern move. Keep me well informed of all you learn of the movements of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 74. Memphis, Tenn., June 11, 1863.

Colonel William H. H. Taylor, FIFTH Ohio Cavalry, is announced as chief of cavalry of SIXTEENTH Army Corps. He will be respected and obeyed as such.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP near BLACK RIVER BRIDGE,

June 12, 1863.

Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

COLONEL: I have quite reliable information that Johnston is moving, via Yazoo City, with five DIVISIONS, or about 30,000 troops. His re-enforcements are from Bragg's army.

The cavalry on the east side of the river, to wit, Eighth Kentucky, 150 men; Twentieth Mississippi, 300 men; Van Dorn's old command, 1,000 men, are at Bolton Depot. Some 2,000 cavalry, said to be Forrest's, are at or near Mechanicsburg. There has been about 100 prowling about the river bank from Birdsong to Bridgeport Ferries since day-light this morning. A detachment of my command has been 9 miles above Bridgeport, upon the WEST side of Black River to-day, and failed to find any Federal cavalry within that distance, but engaged and drove back 25 rebels to the east side, at Birdsong.

The fords on the river are fordable this evening again. My command is quite worked down.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

CLARK WRIGHT,

Colonel Sixth Cavalry, Missouri Volunteers.

Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, SEVENTEENTH Army Corps:

COLONEL: Since our fight on the 9th instant, we have taken 3 additional prisoners from the Thirteenth Texas, one of whom is a SECOND lieutenant, formerly surgeon of the regiment, who confirms the report that the force is a part of General [J. G.] Walker's DIVISION, which he says was 7,000 or 8,000 strong. He also says that the Thirteenth was between 400 or 500 strong, and that the whole of Bartlett's battalion, from 400 to 700 strong, were with the attacking party, besides some

