
partisan rangers. They have all gone back to Floyd, and I suppose are satisfied to stay away for some time to come. The negro regiments have all been taken to Milliken's Bend, or rather Young's Point, by order of General Dennis, who commands the district, for which I am much obliged to him, but would like to have a good regiment or two of white men, with some artillery.

General Grant gave an order for a battery, but Major Lyford had to send the order to Memphis, and I may get it in a month and possibly sooner, but will have to organize it before it can be of any service, and I am not certain that the proper officers and men can be had.

I expect to hold the place with the force I have, and be as aggressive as possible. By putting on a bold front, I made the rebels believe the other day that I had four full regiments by drawing my forces up in one rank and dividing the six companies of the Eighth Louisiana into two battalions, which showed quite an extended line.

I am informed by ship-carpenters, who came through from Yazoo City a few days ago, that the rebels have at that place four large guns mounted, one 11-inch and three 8-inch. They hauled those guns from the boats which lie a short distance below Fort Pemberton. That Ferguson's cavalry were there, and that Chalmer's brigade was coming in when they left.

There are seven or eight fine steamboats near Fort Pemberton, above those which were sunk in the channel by the rebels and burned by our gunboats.

I furnished Admiral Porter the information in relation to the condition of things at Yazoo City, upon which he sent up the gunboats and destroyed the navy-yard rams, &amp;c., and writes me that he found everything as represented, and destroyed Illinois of their property.

The inclosed letters* were written by Dr. Butts, whose wife is the sister of Mrs. Blackburn, and who resides on Deer Creek, Mississippi. Mr. Mount, to whom one of them is written, is a strong secesher, living also on Deer Creek. The letters, instead of being taken to their destination, were brought by the bearer, a negro, to me, and may be interesting to you.

I hope that you may soon be successful in taking Vicksburg, as all Southwestern rebeldom will submit, I think, when that is done.

Mrs. Blackburn and family are well, and behaved handsomely toward some of our men the day of the fight.

Give respects to the general and other friends.

Yours, truly,

H. T . REID.

CAIRO, ILL., June 12, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Telegraph and railroad torn up about midnight between Collierville and Germantown, 20 miles northeast of Memphis, by three or four parties of guerrillas coming from different directions.

The telegraph repaired and working finely up to this point. No arrivals at Memphis from below. Weather hot and interesting items scarce.

A. STAGER.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

