
of Tennessee River, and it will not be difficult for them, as they contract their lines, to send a force of 6,000 or 10,000 in rear of Corinth. The demonstrations in that quarter have compelled me to countermand a strong expedition, intended to operate below the Tallahatchie. I hope in a few days to clear that part of the line and reach below.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.

FLAG-SHIP BLACK HAWK,

Near Vicksburg, June 14, 1863.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy:

The situation of affairs has altered very little. We are still closing on the enemy. General Grant's position is a safe one, though he should have all the troops that can possibly be sent to him. We have mounted six heavy navy guns in the rear of Vicksburg, and can give the army as many as they want. I think the town cannot hold out longer than 22nd of June. The gunboats and mortars keep up a continual fire.

Very respectfully,

DAVID D. PORTER.

WASHINGTON, June 14, 1863-1. 30 p. m.

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis, Tenn.:

If Price should move on New Madrid, the garrisons of Island, Numbers 10, Columbus, Cairo, and Paducah must re-enforce that place. Give orders accordingly. I see no object in holding Hickman. That place should be broken up.

H. W. HALLECK.

LA GRANGE, [June] 14, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips returned to-night from New Albany. He reports the capture of a mail containing important information. He says Falkner is between New Albany and Okolona, with 1,500 men; that there are 4,000 at Okolona, and that Chalmers has been re-enforced, and has from 6,000 to 8,000 troops at Panola. General Dodge is here to-night; will return to-morrow and send me full particulars.

R. J. OGLESBY.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Vicksburg, MISS., June 15, 1863.

Major General John A. McClernand,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

A portion of the NINTH Army Corps, about 8,000 strong, have now arrived, and will take position on the south side of the city, thus making the investment complete. This will release General Herron, who is instructed to move to General Hovey's place, thus contracting your front to the ground occupied by Smith and Carr.

Should the enemy attack Haynes' Bluff in such force as to make it necessary to detach a greater force than has already been designated, i., e., the six reserve brigades of McPherson's and Sherman's corps, I

