
be protected first; after that, all the protection you can give to plantations leased by Government must be given.

Negro troops should be kept aloof from white troops, especially in enemy require a concentration of your forces, bring them together without regard to color.

U. S. GRANT.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 36. In Field, near Vicksburg, MISS., June 15, 1863.

I. So much of General Orders, Numbers 5, of date Memphis, January 16, 1863, from these headquarters, as requires provost-marshals to collect, for the secret service and hospital fund, fees for permits to buy cotton at military posts, and for permits to trade at military posts where trade is not regulated by the civil authorities, and all existing orders within this department "conflicting or inconsistent with the orders in respect to the regulating of intercourse with the insurrectionary States, the collection of abandoned property, &amp;c.," published for the information and government of the army, and of all concerned, in General Orders, Numbers 88, of date April 3, 1863, Adjutant-General's Office, or which permit or prohibit, or in any way or manner interfere with any trade or transportation conducted under the regulations of the Secretary of the Treasury, prescribed March 31, 1863; and all permits heretofore granted to persons to trade or ship goods to this department, by the major-general commanding, or by his order, are hereby revoked.

II. The shipment of goods for sale south of Helena, in this department, by any persons other than sutlers regularly and duly appointed in pursuance of existing law, is positively prohibited. Upon the approval of army corps commanders, or the commanders of posts, or of forces detached from their respective army corps, and on compliance with the Treasury regulations and orders, regularly appointed sutlers may be permitted to ship to their regiments, for sale within their camp lines, such sutler goods as are specifically designated and permitted to be sold by them, under the act of March 19, 1862, published in General Orders, Numbers 27, Adjutant-General's Office, series 19, 1862, and the articles added thereto, as published in General Orders, Numbers 35, of date February 7, 1863, Adjutant-General's Office, and they will be allowed to sell only the articles designated in said law and orders, and none others, and at such prices, and not exceeding such, as may be affixed to said articles by a board of officers, in pursuance of the provisions of said act. The board of officers upon whom the duty of established and fixing the prices, exceeding which the articles permitted to be sold by sutlers shall not be sold, is imposed by said act, will immediately proceed to establish and affix said prices in all cases where it has not already been done.

III. All traders not regularly authorized sutlers, with their stocks in trade, will be required to remove at once to Helena, or north of that place.

IV. No spirituous, vinous, or malt liquors will be permitted to pass south of Cairo, Ill., except such as belong to the commissary and medical departments.

V. Any violation of, or non-compliance with, this order, directly or indirectly, will work a forfeiture of all the goods the person or persons guilty of such violation or non-compliance may have in his or their possession, and subject such offenders to imprisonment in the military

