
prison at Memphis, Tenn., at the discretion of the general commanding the department.

VI. The enforcement of General Orders, Numbers 88, current series, Adjutant-General's Office, of the Treasury regulations herein referred to, and of this order, is especially enjoined upon all military commanders and the respective provost-marshals in this department.

VII. All property seized for violations of this order will be disposed of and accounted for in accordance with existing orders.

VIII. No applications for the shipment of goods, or for permits to trade, within this department, will be entertained at department headquarters.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LA GRANGE, June 15, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

General Dodge has sent out toward Jackson Colonel Cornyn to clean the country of Biffle's men. Biffle has torn railroad up and destroyed wires for miles. I will not be able to repair it for weeks; better let it go. I am reducing my strength to zero, to help Mizner off, and must keep close while he is away. I will send you detail of news from south directly. I have directed Mizner to clear out the last dammed rebel before he returns.

R. J. OGLESBY.

LA GRANGE, June 15, 1863.

General HURLBUT:

Gunboat train and guard broke through a culvert near Middleburg, on the way to Bolivar. Total crush of some 15 men killed and wounded. It seems the culvert was cut yesterday after my cavalry came in from Bolivar. I learn from a citizen to-day that the bridges and culverts are most of them destroyed on the road to Jackson. It will be impossible to repair the wires for some time, if it can be done at all.

R. J. OGLESBY.

COLUMBUS, KY., June 15, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The abandonment of the District of Jackson by our forces, and the reduction of my command by six regiments of infantry and seven companies of cavalry, ordered to Memphis and Vicksburg, places my district in a critical position, and leaves the whole country between the Tennessee and Mississippi Rivers-from Paducah to Corinth, over 150 miles in length, comprising about 15,000 square miles, where secessionism prevails and guerrillas are constantly organizing-guarded by only a part of my former force, now not over 4,000 men.

I telegraphed on 8th instant to Major-General Oglesby, at La Grange, Tenn., that the above territory now required constant vigilance, as Bragg's headquarters were at Shelbyville, Tenn., and requested his co-operations to prevent the enemy crossing. On the same day I also re

