
on the packets that have passed there. Call on Major [John R.] Edie for two pieces of artillery, and artillerists to work them. Let this be done with all speed.

JAMES C. VEATCH.

CAIRO, ILL., June 16, 1863-12 m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Operator at Union City reports party of guerrillas 7 miles from that place. Believed they are moving south. I cannot hear of any considerable force of enemy in this district and think Asboth is stampeded. He has withdrawn everything from this point to defend his own position at Columbus. Nearly all the guns in fort here have been dismounted and taken south. But four companies of infantry here to guard prisoners and protect Illinois of dollars' worth of public property here and at Mound City. No trouble apprehended, but thought proper to mention this. Two arrivals from below this morning brought official dispatches to the 11th.

A. STAGER.

COLUMBUS, KY., June 17, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE, Asst. Adjt. General Memphis, Tenn.:

COLONEL: I beg to give synopsis of information received this evening: Lieutenant-Colonel Henry, commanding at Fort Heiman, reports his scouts from Paris just returned; rebel forces this side of Jackson, marching toward Paris.

Captain Blake reports, from Hickman, two rebel regiments of infantry and one battalion of cavalry at Trenton, Tenn.

Lieutenant-Colonel von Helmrich reports, from Clinton, on said to be reliable information, Van Dorn's old command, 19,000 strong, under Wheeler and Morgan, crossing near Alton [Saltillo?], to unite with troops coming from Jackson. Gunboats fighting and opposing their crossing.

General Burnside promises 800 men from Illinois, and General Schofield requests aid from New Madrid.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH.

MEMPHIS, June 17, 1863.

Major HENRY, Commanding Expedition:

MAJOR: You will take command of the force detailed by Colonel Moore, supposed to be nearly 500 cavalry, and push down as rapidly as you can to Hernando, and surprise, if possible, any force you may find there. If you find the country clear, go on to Coldwater. There you must be guided by the information you can pick up and your own judgment. If the forces of the enemy have been drawn in to Commerce, as is reported, you will probably find no obstacle in your road, and you may be able to penetrate to Panola and join the expedition that has moved from General Oglesby's command, but you must determine this matter when you get below Hernando. If you find the force that is supposed to have moved to Commerce is not too large, you may find it advisable to attack it and break it up, or give the enemy all possible annoyance and trouble. Suffer no property to be disturbed in Tennessee, but in Mississippi you will seize all the horses and mules and able-

