
of use to the Government. It is probable that a mounted force will move toward Big Springs and Bull Mountain, Ala., to-morrow night.

G. M. DODGE.

NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., June 18, 1863.

Major General J. G. PARKE, Comdg. NINTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: No instructions have been sent you heretofore, nor do I deem it specially necessary to send them now, knowing that a vigilant watch will be kept on the movements of the enemy and any advance he may attempt checked in time.

I want the work of intrenching your position pushed with all dispatch, ready to receive an attack, if one should be made, and to leave the troops free to move out should the enemy remain where he is. My information now is that Loring's DIVISION is a very strong one, consisting of four brigades, and is at Benton, or between that and Black River. Walker, with his DIVISION, is at or near Yazoo City, and Evans is near Brownsville. The enemy have also fully 4,000 cavalry. These forces, if attacked, could all be collected on the ridge near Benton before they could be reached from Haynes' Bluff. Breckinridge is also at Clinton; too far off to join the Benton force on the first day of battle, should we march on them. I have no information of any other force than those named above.

Keep your cavalry well out, and collect all the information you can of the movements of the enemy.

Report all that you learn promptly. No order has been published assigning you to the command of all the forces at Haynes' Bluff, but being isolated from the general command, and being the senior officer, you necessarily command the whole.

U. S. GRANT.

MILLDALE, June [18], 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

Your dispatch received. I have issued orders sending four brigades to occupy the line extending from A. Green's, on the Benton road, by way of McCall's, to Tiffin's, on the Bridgeport road. Can General Osterhaus connect with my troops at Tiffin's?

JNO. G. PARKE.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OFF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 165. near Vicksburg, MISS., June 19, 1863.

I. At 4 a. m. on the 20th instant, a general cannonading will be commenced from all parts of the line on the city of Vicksburg. Firing will continue until 10 a. m., unless otherwise directed.

II. Care must be taken to retain, for emergency, at least 100 rounds each for all the field artillery, and 20 rounds per gun for the siege guns.

III. All the rifle-pits will be filled with as many men as can be accommodated in them. Troops will be held under arms from 6. 30 a. m., ready to take advantage of any signs the enemy may show of weakness, or to repel an attack should one be made.

IV. It is not designed to assault the enemy's works, but to be prepared. Should corps commanders believe a favorable opportunity presents itself for possessing themselves of any portion of the lines of the

