
enemy, without a serious battle, they will avail themselves of it, telegraphing immediately to headquarters of other corps and to general headquarters what they are doing, and suggesting any assistance or co-operation they may require.

* * * * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

[JNO. A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 1. near Vicksburg, June 19, 1863.

In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 164, Headquarters Department of the Tennessee, near Vicksburg, June 18, 1863, the undersigned takes command of the Thirteenth Army Corps. Existing orders will continue in force unless otherwise directed.

E. O. C. ORD.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Vicksburg, June 19, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICERS, CONFEDERATE FORCES,

Edwards Station and Raymond:

SIRS: The bearer of this, Asst. Surg. J. J. Whitney, of the Federal Army, goes to Baker's Creek and Raymond, for the purpose of removing such wounded Federal soldiers as will bear transportation, and for taking supplies, medical stores, &amp;c., for those condition requires them to remain where they are for a longer time.

I have been humanely permitted thus far to furnish supplies to the wounded necessarily left in hospital near the field of battle. It will always be my pleasure to reciprocate, should it be in my power hereafter to do so. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Numbers 48. Camp, Walnut Hill, June 19, 1863.

I. Captain Kossak, having reported for engineer duty, is assigned to take charge of the approaches to, and works on, the Graveyard road. He will make application well in advance for details of men, and keep the work moving night and day. Details for this work will come from General Blair's DIVISION.

II. Captain Jenney, of the engineers, will give direction to the work of crowning the hills in front of Buckland's and Thayer's brigades. Tuttle's DIVISION will furnish details for this work to this front, and Thayer's and Farrar's brigades, of Steele's DIVISION, those for the work in front of Thayer.

III. Colonel Woods, commanding brigade on the extreme right, will continue as heretofore to push his work round by the right, along the Mississippi, and will cause the ground along the Mississippi River, above the Cincinnati, to be well examined, with a view to the construc-

---------------

*This communication forwarded to General Johnston by Brigadier General W. H. Jackson, June 21, 1863. See p. 969.

---------------

