
tion of a road in the event of the Yazoo falling to so low a stage of navigation as to be abandoned.

IV. The chiefs of artillery will advance their batteries as rapidly as the advanced works justify, prepared to crown the enemy's works when the engineers report the work done. Their guns will always be ready for action.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, Ky., June 19, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Memphis:

COLONEL: I beg to acknowledge receipt this evening of your communication of 18th instant, covering copy of a telegram from the general-in-chief, dated 14th instant.

I immediately ordered a steamer to Hickman, to convey the present garrison to New Madrid, 10 officers and 280 men. It will be difficult to comply with the orders in reference to Island Number 10; the garrison there consists of but two companies, 76 effective officers and men. At Columbus I have but an aggregate effective force of 1,368; at Cairo, but 366, and Paducah, but 764. The re-enforcing of New Madrid from any post of my district would be equivalent to giving it into the hands of the advancing enemy, and I inclose copies of telegrams received this evening from Paducah and Hickman,* reporting their proximity. Citizens report a skirmish of Captain Hencke's command, two companies of Fourth Missouri Cavalry, south of the Obion; he left Clinton five days ago on a scout, and has not yet returned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Commanding SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: A straggler just arrived says that Major Henry was defeated near Hernando this morning about daylight, and that he is retreating by the way of Horn Lake. I have sent two regiments of infantry and a battery on the Horn Lake road to meet him, and directed Colonel Fuller to move out two regiments and a battery on the Hernando road. I will send you particulars as soon as received.

Respectfully,

JAMES C. VEATCH.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 19, 1863.

Officer Commanding Gunboat:

Our cavalry were attacked to-day below Hernando, and are being driven, at last accounts, toward Commerce. You may reach there in time to give them relief.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. VEATCH.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

