
No other information. Fuller is at Nonconnah, and directed to keep communication with Moore, and support him if he should be attacked.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. VEATCH.

YAZOO RIVER, MISS., June 20, 1863.

Brigadier General J. W. RIPLEY, Chief of Ordnance:

General Grant wishes twenty mortars for siege operations, with 400 rounds of ammunition, as soon as possible. I think of this number perhaps half should be Coehorn and stone mortars, and the other 8-inch and 10-inch siege. Please have them come through by special messenger as quickly as possible.

S. C. LYFORD,

Chief of Ordnance.

CORINTH, June 20, 1863.

Colonel MERSY:

The FIFTH Ohio Cavalry that Chalmers surprised was a battalion that went south from Memphis and met Chalmers at Hernando. Phillips will not meet Chalmers. I have no doubt that he is all right. Scouts in from Kelly's Mills say no force is between here and there.

G. M. DODGE.

MEMPHIS, June 20, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT, Comdg. SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am glad to hear that the gunboats are here. It will save us a deal of trouble. The forces sent out have returned, but the official reports have not been received. From all accounts, about 100 men have been lost; the others have come in squads. I will send official reports as soon as received.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. VEATCH.

MEMPHIS, June 20, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT, Comdg. SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

A citizen came in from Arkansas and reports that a large body of Price's forces are at Marion. He estimates them at 5,000. He states that a heavy force has gone up the river, with artillery, to Island Numbers 40, for the purpose of capturing steamers and stopping our communications; that two pieces of artillery were sent last night below here to attack boats passing between this point and Helena. I know nothing of this man, whether his statement. I feel satisfied that artillery is being moved to points both above and below, with the object of capturing our transports.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. VEATCH.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 20, 1863.

Brigadier General A. ASBOTH, Comdg. Sixth DIVISION, Columbus, Ky.:

GENERAL: It is evident that some movement is being attempted between the Tennessee and the Mississippi. I am, however, satisfied that

