
to escape in that way. If possible, fix up material to light and illuminate the river, should a large number of boats attempt to cross. I will direct General Mower to call on you and consult as to the best plan for defeating this method of escape. You will find General Mower an intelligent and gallant officer, capable of carrying out any plan that may be adopted.

U. S. GRANT.

MEMPHIS, June 21, 1863.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

Commanding Confederate Forces near Hernando, MISS.:

GENERAL: I send to you, under flag of truce, an officer in charge of party of surgeons, to provide for our wounded in the late action with your command near Hernando. I trust that you will regard is as consistent with your duty and the usages of war to permit our wounded to be brought within the Federal lines at this place, for medical and surgical treatment, and also to allow the party to look after and bury their dead.

I am, general, very respectfully,

JAMES C. VEATCH.

MEMPHIS, June 21, 1863.

Colonel MOORE, Commanding Fourth Brigade:

COLONEL: Your report is just received, and is entirely satisfactory. You will require the commanding officers of the FIFTH Ohio, First Missouri, and SECOND Illinois Cavalry to report immediately the number of killed, wounded, and Missing from each of their commands, as far as can be ascertained, and send reports to these headquarters, without delay.

Respectfully,

JAMES C. VEATCH.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 21, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER, First Missouri Cavalry:

SIR: You will proceed, with escort and surgeons and ambulances, to Coldwater, under flag of truce, to gather up the wounded and bury the dead of the late affair under Major Henry, FIFTH Ohio Cavalry. You will be careful to violate no rule nor usage of war, and will proceed without delay and return as soon as possible. An escort of 20 men will be sufficient. You will call on the FIFTH Ohio Cavalry and SECOND Illinois Cavalry for ambulances and surgeons.

By command of Colonel David Moore, commanding Fourth Brigade:

[JAMES B. COMSTOCK,

Acting Assistant adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, KY., June 21, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I have just received the following from Major-General Hurlbut by steamer, and have communicated it to Major-General Schofield and Captain a. m. Pennock, naval commander at Cairo:

A citizen from Arkansas reports a large body of Price's forces at Macon, estimated

