
at 5,000 and that a heavy force has gone up the river with artillery to Island Numbers 40, to capture steamers; that two pieces of artillery were sent last night below Memphis, to attack boats.

Brigadier-General Veatch, who sends the report to General Hurlbut, says he is satisfied that artillery is being moved to points on the river above and below Memphis, and adds that, although he knows nothing of the citizen, he is evidently sincere in his statement. My own scouts are returning from Jackson, Tenn. Expect their report to-morrow morning.

ASBOTH.

NEAR Vicksburg, June 22, 1863.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS, Adjutant-General of the Army:

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith please find copy of letter from Admiral Porter to me, and one sent by me to General Taylor, of the Confederate Army. As soon as a reply is received, I will send that also to headquarters of the army. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT.

[Inclosure.]

U. S. S. LOUISVILLE, Grand Gulf, June 16, 1863.

Actg. Rear-Admiral DAVID D. PORTER,

Commanding Mississippi Squadron:

SIR: The following persons were received on board of this vessel June 14, 1863: James Henry and William D. Shoemaker, deserters from the Twelfth Arkansas Regiment [Battalion], sharpshooters; Thomas Cormal, deserter from Major [I. F.] Harrison's battery of light artillery, also his wife, June 15, 1863; George Ferris, deserter from Captain Power's detachment of sharpshooters. Thomas Cormal witnessed the hanging at Richmond, La., of the white captain and negroes captured at Milliken's Bend. It is also reported by this man that the sergeant who commanded a company of contrabands, and who was captured by Harrison's cavalry some weeks ago, was also hung at Perkins' Landing.

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

E. K. OWEN,

Lieutenant-Commander.

NEAR Vicksburg, June 22, 1863.

Brigadier General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Delhi, La.:

GENERAL: Upon the evidence of a white man, a citizen of the South, I learn that a white captain and some negroes, captured at Milliken's Bend, La., in the late skirmish at that place, were hanged soon after at Richmond. He also informs me that a white sergeant, captured by Harrison's cavalry at Perkins' plantation, was hung.

My forces captured some 6 or 8 prisoners in the same skirmish, who have been treated as prisoners of war, notwithstanding they were caught fighting under the "black flag of no quarter?"

I feel no inclination to retaliate for the offenses of irresponsible persons, but if it is the policy of any general intrusted with the command

---------------

*See also Taylor to Grant, June 27, p. 443, and Grant to Taylor, July 4, p. 469.

---------------

