
NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., June 22, 1863.

Brigadier General E. S. DENNIS,

Commanding District of Northeastern Louisiana:

There is some probability of an attack here by Joe Johnston within the next twenty-four or forty-eight hours. In such case an attack upon you is not at all impossible; you will, therefore, exercise unusual vigilance in your preparations to receive an attack. Keep your cavalry out as far as possible to report any movement of the enemy, and confer with Admiral Porter, that there may be unanimity in your action.

U. S. GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT NORTHEASTERN LOUISIANA,Young's Point, June 22, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of dispatches from you of this date.

A cavalry reconnaissance that I ordered in the direction of Richmond returned night before last, and report that they proceeded as far as Richmond, and found no force there, or any indication of an enemy in that vicinity.

The enemy, in their retreat, burned the bridge over Tensas Bayou, and are undoubtedly beyond Delhi.

From what I can learn, the rebels are unquestionably building skiffs and flat-boats at Vicksburg. You may rest assured, general, if they intend an attack upon us, they will not catch us napping.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELIAS S. DENNIS.

NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., June 22, 1863.

Major General F. J. HERRON, Commanding Left, investing Forces:

You need not call on the navy for yawls just now. At attack from Johnston within forty-eight hours is not improbable. Should the forces at present indicated be insufficient to cope with him, your DIVISION will be withdrawn and sent to re-enforce them.

U. S. GRANT.

NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., June 22, 1863.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Commanding SEVENTEENTH Army Corps:

There is indication that Johnston will attack within forty-eight hours. Notify McArthur to be ready to move at a moment's notice, on Sherman's order. Sherman goes out to meet Johnston, if he comes. The greatest vigilance will be required on the line, as the Vicksburg garrison may take the same occasion for an attack also. Batteries should have a good supply of grape and canister.

U. S. GRANT.

NEAR Vicksburg, June 22, 1863.

General ORD:

There is now every probability of an attack from Johnston within forty-eight hours. Osterhaus should be re-enforced immediately with

