
The satisfaction of knowing what was going on in the interior of this State, and making the demonstration we did, was worth the cost.

General Gorman's very peculiar manner and method of "doing things" has not made him popular with the officers of this army, and they all, or nearly all, treat him as no superior should be treated, however great his peculiarities. I have no trouble with the general. I will not have with him or anybody else. Shall do all I can to sustain him in his movements against the rebels, even though he does not do it just as I think I would do under the same circumstances. We are all human, and miserable sinners at that. I desire to do my whole duty; will labor to learn, and will ask wisdom from Him who holdeth the destinies of nations in His hands.

I have a fine DIVISION, composed of Missouri, Iowa, and Wisconsin troops; have four Iowa infantry regiments-Twenty-fourth, Twenty-NINTH, Thirty-THIRD, and Thirty-sixth. My hands, heart, and head are constantly employed. I am doing all I can to improve the sanitary condition of the army and the town. If General Grant would give me the command of this post, I would make a good effort at regeneration and purification. I fear a pestilence, unless "the power that be" move vigorously in reform.

* * * * * * *

I am, faithfully, your friend,

CLINTON B. FISK.

MEMPHIS, TENN., February 10, 1863.

Brigadier General I. F. QUINBY,

Commanding Seventh DIVISION:

GENERAL: You will hold your command in readiness to embark on transports and proceed down the Mississippi River to Lake Providence, and join the balance of the SEVENTEENTH Army Corps at the shortest notice.

Transports will be provided as soon as possible after the departure of General Logan's DIVISION. Troops will want immediately in their own hands all the ammunition required in previous orders, also three days' cooked rations in haversacks and several days' additional on hand. DIVISION commissaries will take thirty days' rations for further use. You will direct your quartermaster to collect and bring along all the intrenching tools he can get for the use of your command. Five wagons for each regiment and 1 to each company of artillery, and 1 wagon in addition for each brigade and DIVISION command, and 2 ambulances for each regiment will be allowed, with the necessary animals. Twenty days' forage will be taken along. Citizens not connected with the army will in no case be permitted to accompany the expedition.

All trains and teams now in the DIVISION not required on the expedition will be turned over to such quartermasters as Colonel Reynolds, assistant quartermaster, may designate to receive them after the troops are embarked and their stores landed on the levee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JAS. B. McPHERSON.]

MEMPHIS, TENN., February 10, 1863.

OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS:

Our marching orders have come, and it is for us to respond with promptness and alacrity. We move to capture the stronghold of the

