
MEMPHIS, TENN., June 23 1863-3. 30 p. m.

H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Price is said to be at Jacksonport. Two 12-pounder guns are reported in position near Island Numbers 35. He meditates an attack on New Madrid. The enemy clusters heavily on my left, and the line of telegraph is threatened. I shall hold Corinth and Memphis. My cavalry is actively at work, with varying fortunes, but generally successful. The telegraph for 20 miles below is broken and destroyed, crops of wheat burned, and the country desolated, in anticipation of a movement from Joe Johnston.

S. A. HURLBUT.

LA GRANGE, June 23, 1863-11. 30 p. m.

(Received June 24.)

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis:

A heavy force is threatening Grand Junction to-night, 3 miles off; said to be 1,000, from Holly Springs. My whole command is under arms. Mizner is not here yet.

R. J. OGLESBY.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 23, 1863.

Major-General OGLESBY, La Grange, Tenn.:

GENERAL: If the enemy make a movement in strong force on the line of Memphis and Charleston Railroad, Corinth and Pocahontas will be the points to be held, and on which troops can be massed. Works commanding the bridges and approaches at Pocahontas should be thrown up, and the country between that point and Corinth should be strongly held.

Moscow is the next point of serious consequence, so far as the road is concerned, and should be the rallying point at this end of your line. The country from Moscow to Memphis to be heavily patrolled by cavalry, and the place, if invested, to be relieved from here, or garrison retired to this point.

My opinion is still unsettled as to the intention of this demonstration. All depends upon the activity of Rosecrans, from which I fear we have little to hope.

The defense of this line consists more especially in a system of continual attacks upon every head of column that shows itself.

I wish a train of pack-mules organized for our cavalry. The saddles are here. Thus they can take provisions, axes, and implements, and make their trips rapidly.

If there is any serious threat of attack, your unarmed negroes should be sent here. I have telegraphed as to hospitals.

S. A. HURLBUT.

H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Lieutenant-Colonel Henry telegraphs from Fort Heiman: Scouts just in from Paris, Tenn. No rebels there, but reported between there and Jackson. Also, that gunboats had arrived from Hamburg, reporting large rebel force crossing the WEST side of Tennessee between Saltillo and Duck River, mostly cavalry, but some artillery. Fired at gunboat Robb,

28 R R-VOL. XXIV, PT. III

