
killing 1 man and wounding 2. One rebel captain killed and 7 soldiers wounded. One hundred and FIFTY refugees came down on gunboat. The cavalry scouts from Clinton, Ky., returning from Jackson, report that an hour before their arrival at Jackson a cavalry force from General Dodge passed through that place from Tennessee River southward on Purdy road, destroying bridges up to Thursday morning. The rebel Colonel [J. F.] Newsom was there with 42 men, and other officers from the rebel army with small commands were moving through Henderson, Madison, and McNairy Counties, recruiting, conscripting, and organizing, but disappeared on the approach of our troops.

ASBOTH.

COLUMBUS, KY., June 23, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel VON HELMRICH, Commanding Expedition:

COLONEL: Herewith find copy of Section XI, Special Orders, Numbers 152, current series, from these headquarters, in accordance with which you will proceed to Fort Heiman, Kentucky, assume command of the troops operating in the field, and, in case of an attack, of the post, but if threatened by a heavily superior force, you will direct that the infantry from Paducah be returned there by boat, with all Government stores worth moving, and fall back slowly on Paducah with the cavalry and section of artillery, disputing every advantageous position on your route, and reporting frequently to Colonel S. Martin, commanding at Paducah, and to these headquarters by citizen messengers. Should the rebels move toward Columbus instead of Fort Heiman or Paducah, you will march in a parallel direction, harass them on their flank, and endeavor to arrive at Columbus before them. Every effort must be made to obtain authentic intelligence of the movements, force, and names of the commanders of the enemy. In case the reported demonstration of the enemy on Fort Heiman should prove to be false, you will proceed with the three companies of your regiment southward, in the general direction of Lexington, Tenn. Arriving at Lexington you will arrest the following named persons, well known as actively disloyal and dangerous, on account of their wealth, and influence: William T. Collins (carries on a shoe factory for the rebels; his negro, Burrell, can give all necessary information), John F. Clark, Dr. John E. West, and George W. Pool, all residing in Lexington, and William F. Kiser, Verbin Trico, and William Barnhill, residing about 4 miles WEST and northwest of Lexington. These men, you will inform the citizens of Lexington, will be held as hostages at Columbus, Ky., for the good treatment of the persons and property of Union men. Isaac C. Hall, William Brooks, and Levi McEwing (the sheriff) can be relied on for information regarding the enemy, they being report Union men. Either going or returning you will visit Huntingdon, Tenn., and obtain a secret interview Dr. Seth W. Bell, a trustworthy Union man. Any statement he may make can be relied upon, and you will arrange with him to send by messenger to these headquarters, from time to time, any authentic information he may gather of importance regarding the enemy, assuring him that men employed by him for that purpose will be remunerated here. His signature, when writing letters of information, is D. Snips. Finally, you are informed that a cavalry force of ours is expected to move from the Mississippi State line to Jackson, Tenn., and the Obion region. Be careful not to mistake them for rebels.

ASBOTH.

