
roads there or this side of there. To-day it is raining in torrents, but the whole front is being patrolled to-day. Cannot hear of the enemy in any considerable force this side of New Albany.

General [S. J.] Gholson made a speech at Oxford on the 13th instant, threatening to force in every able-bodied man in the country, unless 70 volunteers could be raised to go to Johnston. As soon as Mizner gets in and rests, I shall send out a strong force to watch and annoy them at every point of any importance.

Your communication, sent by messenger, received to-day.

R. J. OGLESBY.

LA GRANGE, June 24, 1863.

Colonel BINMORE, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

The force that threatened Grand Junction at 8 p. m. yesterday fell back during the night, and are now 10 miles south, going toward Holly Springs. There was no movement against our lines at any other point. Last night the force at Kelly's Mills went to Guntown and Rocky Ford. Two new regiments of mounted Alabama infantry joined Ruggles lately, and a large number of companies, raised in North Mississippi, have joined Falkner. Phillips says a movement on our lines had begun by Ruggles, Chalmers, and Roddey. Roddey was to go to the rear of Corinth. The fight at times was severe. Within 30 feet he saw three of their officers killed inside his line of skirmishers. He was nearly surrounded crossing the Tallahatchee. The enemy's loss was over 100. On the 17th, Loring was somewhere north of Jackson. No reliable news from Okolona or Grenada.

R. J. OGLESBY.

COLUMBUS, June 24, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT, Comdg. SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: I beg to thank you for your favor of the 20th, and will endeavor to fully execute your orders; meanwhile permit me to state that in my dispatches to Major-General Halleck, I communicated only the official reports received from the several post commanders of my district, considering it my duty to do so at the present juncture.

I have the honor to inclose the report of Captain Hencke,* Fourth Missouri Cavalry, who arrived with his command at Jackson an hour after your cavalry force had left that place. The report shows that my scouts endeavor to do their duty. I inclose also copy of a telegram from Fort Heiman,* reporting the proximity of Biffle's force, upon receipt of which I ordered four companies of infantry from Paducah by boat, to re-enforce the cavalry at Fort Heiman, and sent three companies of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry from here, under Lieutenant-Colonel von Helmrich, with instructions herewith inclosed. * In order to control more efficiently the guerrilla movements in the Obion region, and guard railroad and telegraphic communication between Columbus, Union City, and Hickman, I have established an advanced post of two companies of cavalry at Union City, and here take occasion to allude in connection with my report of 21st instant, Numbers 2478, to the importance of connecting, as early as possible, the Paducah Railroad with the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, to facilitate the early movements of my very limited command, and enable me to throw men or supplies promptly from one

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

