
point to any other, and would beg that Brigadier General J. D. Webster, superintendent United States military railroads, be requested to take the matter in hand, and intrust a competent officer with the execution of the work and the management of the roads.

I cannot move more cavalry at present, as that returning from the field requires a few days' rest, but will keep my district, as well as that of Jackson, thoroughly scouted with the available force, and will continually send infantry on train to Trenton to feel of Obion region.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH.

WASHINGTON, June 24, 1863-3. 55 p. m.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH, Columbus, Ky.:

The tone of your dispatches is not satisfactory. They have too much the character of a stampede. If you fight half as well as the enemy, you can readily hold your posts against any force with which the rebels can attack you. If you have not confidence in yourself or in your command, you should ask to be relieved.

H. W. HALLECK.

General GRANT:

I have been able to raise 100 cavalry out of the brigade, which will join your troops as they come out of the Yazoo. Part of the cavalry returned on the other side of Richmond. They report the enemy had returned to Monroe after the attack of Generals Mower and Ellet. Nothing seen of them on the road to Delhi.

PORTER, Admiral.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Vicksburg, June 25, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel SAMUEL J. NASMITH,

Comdg. Officer, Expedition against Greenville, MISS.:

SIR: As soon as the troops brought by you from Snyder's Bluff, and the battery of artillery sent from here, are embarked, you will proceed to the mouth of the Yazoo River, where you will find two gunboats lying under command of Captain Selfridge, and soon as he can get off you will proceed to Greenville, MISS.

It is reported that the enemy have moved a battery and about 250 men from Yazoo City to a point some 6 miles above Greenville. The object of the expedition you command is to capture this battery and troops if possible. Specific directions how to do it are not necessary, but use every effort to effect the object of the expedition. Should they retreat, and your force prove sufficient to complete with them, follow them as long as there is a hope of capture. On your return, in case of pursuit, destroy all bridges and corn-cribs, bring away all negroes disposed to follow you, and teams of rebels to haul them and their plunder. Keep your men out of the houses as much as possible, and prevent plundering. Give the people to understand if their troops make raids necessary, all their crops and means of raising crops will be destroyed.

After breaking up the rebels on the Mississippi, then proceed to

