
rebels in the Valley of the Mississippi. That our success is certain, I have not the slightest doubt, if you bring to the performance of the work the same zeal, ability, and patriotic devotion to your country which have marked your course thus far. Before an indomitable will, an earnestness of purpose, and a solemn resolution not to see our glorious old flag dishonored before a rebel foe, all obstacles will disappear. I know that I do not speak to the heroes of Fort Donelson, Shiloh, Island Number 10, and Corinth in vain. The record of your past services, glorious as it is, is but an earnest of the future. Let no discouraging circumstances at home diminish your patriotism or cause you to falter for one moment in the career of honor which lies before you. We go forward to strike a fatal blow against this most unjustifiable rebellion, a blow which will tell with deadly effect, and cause the heart of every true and loyal man in our country to swell with pride.

We go to plant our flag upon the ramparts of Vicksburg, and I know I but echo your sentiments when I say that each and every one of you desires, no matter what the labor, privation, or danger may be, to battle earnestly and heroically until this great work is accomplished.

Then, indeed, when this rebellion is crushed, can you return to your homes with manly pride, and, pointing to the glorious but triumphant and battle stained banner with "Vicksburg" inscribed upon it, say, We helped to place it there.

[JAS. B. McPHERSON.]

MEMPHIS, TENN., February 11, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

DEAR GENERAL: I had hoped to have started last night with Logan's DIVISION for Lake Providence, but am still here, with no prospect of getting off for three or four days. I am very much annoyed, but see no help for it, as there are not half enough transports here to carry the DIVISION. Six or seven boats that were expected down from Saint Louis are frozen fast, and there is no telling when they will get through. I have given orders to detain all boats, except such as are absolutely necessary to bring supplies, until enough are procured.

I will do all in my power to get away and carry out my part of the programme. Logan's DIVISION has been ready for the last ten days to embark, and you may rest assured we will not delay one minute after the transports are ready.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

[FEBRUARY 11, 1863. -For Curtis to Halleck, in reference to operations connected with the Vicksburg campaign, see Series I, VOL. XXII, Part II, p. 107.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Number 8. Memphis, Tenn., February 11, 1863.

In pursuance of Special Orders, Number 30, from Headquarters Department of the Tennessee, dated Young's Point, La., February 7, 1863, Major General S. A. Hurlbut hereby assumes command of all the forces in the District of Memphis, Columbus, Jackson, and Corinth, which forces are temporarily attached to the SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

