
serter just in from the other side of the Black River says Johnston's left is at Bolton; three regiments of cavalry in vicinity of Champion's Hill. No force south of railroad. His statements are deemed reliable.

U. S. GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Vicksburg, June 25, 1863.

Major General John A. LOGAN, Commanding THIRD DIVISION:

GENERAL: The mine in the advance work in your front will be exploded about 3 p. m. to-day. If successful in destroying a portion of the enemy's works, it is important for us to take advantage of it. You will, therefore, have your DIVISION under arms at 2 p. m., and place the First Brigade in the trenches with fixed bayonets, the advance as near to the mine as they can go with safety; say, where the advanced lefthand trench debouches. The rifle-pits and all places provided for sharpshooters will be filled with men to drive back the enemy in case we make an assault and our troops are repulsed. Two regiments from General John E. Smith's DIVISION and one from General Ransom's brigade will report to you at 2 p. m. as a reserve. I will be with you at 2 o'clock. A working party, provided with picks and shovels, will be in readiness to make a lodgment on the enemy's works, should we succeed in getting in.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Vicksburg, MISS., June 25, 1863.

Brigadier-General RANSOM, Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The mine in the enemy's advanced work on Logan's front will be exploded about 3 p. m. to-day. If successful, it is important for us to take advantage of it. You will, therefore, have your brigade under arms at 2 p. m., and send one regiment to report to Logan as a reserve at 2 p. m. precisely. As soon as the mine is exploded, open with your artillery on the works in your front, also on the reserve of the works in front of Logan. You will keep your rifle-pits full of sharpshooters, and make a threatening demonstration on the enemy's works in your front, to prevent them from massing on Logan. If you can succeed in effecting a lodgment on the work on Logan's front, it will be a great point gained, and will lead to still greater advantages on the right and left.

I will be at Logan's headquarters at 2 o'clock.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

BEFORE Vicksburg, MISS., June 25, 1863.

Brigadier General J. E. SMITH, Commanding DIVISION:

GENERAL: The mine in the enemy's advanced work in General Logan's front will be exploded to-day about 3 p. m. If successful, it is important for us to take advantage of it. You will, therefore, hold your DIVISION under arms, and send two regiments to report to Major-General Logan as a reserve at 2 o'clock precisely, the balance of the DIVISION being in readiness to move as circumstances may require. You will keep your rifle-pits full of sharpshooters, and as soon as the mine is

