
Re-enforcements must not be clamored for, but each commander will fight back, along the ridge he is guarding, stubbornly, reporting facts and not opinions, that the general in command will be found habitually on the ridge near McCall's, and, in case of temporary absence, will leave word and orders with a staff officer at his bivouac. Let all guards and sentinels be carefully instructed, all wandering about stopped, and all citizens found away from their homes be arrested and sent to the rear, Haynes' Bluff, or Vicksburg.

VII. General Osterhaus, acting in concert with this force, will hold the bridge, and keep his DIVISION well in hand near Bovina, prepared to act decisively on intelligence or the sounds of battle in the direction of Tiffin's or Fox's plantations.

By order of W. T. Sherman, major-general commanding.

L. M. DAYTON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

REAR OF Vicksburg, MISS., June 26, 1863.

Colonel John B. SANBORN, Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: You will have your command in line under arms at 3. 30 to-morrow morning, and remain so until 6 a. m., unless otherwise directed. In case of an attack to-night, the battle-cry will be "Logan," which you will have communicated to your command.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MURRAY, KY., June 26, 1863.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH, Commanding District of Columbus, Ky.:

I arrived here last night without having had any trouble or having seen anything of the enemy. I have inquired in a good many places, and most of the reports say that there is quite a force, from 2,000 to 3,000 men, this side the Tennessee River, but by close examination I have found that our men when they were there were taken for Southerners. I did not receive any dispatch from Fort Heiman, but by all reports everything is quiet there, and I have therefore concluded to go to Paris, from where I can also get soon to Fort Heiman, if necessary. The weather has been very bad with rain ever since we left Columbus. Roads are very bad, and our horses very much worn out.

I have, general, the honor to remain, your most obedient,

G. VON HELMRICH,

Lieutenant Colonel Fourth Missouri Cavalry Regiment, Commanding.

HDQRS. DIST OF W. La., Alexandria, June 27, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. United States Forces near Vicksburg:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 22nd instant, attributing to the troops of my command, upon evidence furnished you by a white man, certain acts disgraceful alike to humanity and to the reputation of soldiers, has just reached me. In reply, I beg to say that I remained

