
at Richmond and in its vicinity for several days after the skirmish to which you allude, and had any officer or negro been hung the fact must have come to my knowledge, and the act would most assuredly have met with the punishment it deserved. The hanging of a white sergeant by Colonel [I. F.] Harrison's cavalry is, I am satisfied, likewise a fabrication. I shall, however, cause this matter to be thoroughly investigated, and should I discover evidence of such acts having been perpetrated the parties shall meet with summary punishment. My orders at all times have been to treat all prisoners with every consideration.

As regards negroes captured in arms, the officers of the Confederate States Army are required, by an order emanating from the General Government, to turn over all such to the civil authorities, to be dealt with according to the laws of the State wherein they were captured.

I remain, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENN., near Vicksburg, June 27, 1863.

Brigadier General E. S. DENNIS, Comdg. District of Northeastern Louisiana:

GENERAL: There is now a probability that [E. K.] Smith will come into the point opposite Vicksburg, for the purpose of aiding the rebel garrison in their escape or to furnish them supplies. Should you discover any attempt of the kind, concentrate your whole force, black and white, from Lake Providence, down at Young's Point, or the most suitable place for resisting them. With Johnston in my rear, I cannot detach troops for that purpose. Should such a move become necessary, notify the negro commissioners of the fact, so that they can warn the planters in time to drive in their stock and hands within our lines for safety.

You had better notify the commissioners at once that such a course may become necessary.

Respectfully,U. S. GRANT.

HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH A. C., Before Vicksburg, June 27, 1863.

Major-General LOGAN, Commanding THIRD DIVISION:

GENERAL: The battle cry for to-night will be "Grant. "

Captain Hickenlooper will take immediate steps to push forward a mine under the enemy's works on the right-hand side of the crater, leaving the present high points on the right and left of the crater standing, as well as the intermediate space. I have just returned from General Grant. If there is anything important, I will come up.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENN., near Vicksburg, June 27, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT, Comdg. SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your idea of massing as many troops as possible at the important bridges in the case of an attack is right. If it should become necessary, you can go further, and hold only Memphis and Corinth. As much of the railroad should be held as possible, however.

The troops from Bragg's Army that are threatening you, are probably [doing] it to cover a further movement from his army to re-enforce Johnston. I have information that Johnston expects 10,000 men from

