
there in a few days. There is scarcely a shadow of doubt but I will be attacked by next Wednesday or Thursday, unless Vicksburg should fall in the mean time.

It will be impossible for me to send troops from here in the mean time. Should I learn that Johnston was moving off, I will send all my surplus force to counteract his movements, whether it be to East or WEST Tennessee. Should ore troops become absolutely necessary for the maintenance of your position before I can send them, telegraph immediately to the General-in-Chief for them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT.
HDQRS. DIST. OF E. ARK., Helena, Ark., June 27, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT, Commanding SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your communication of 24th is just received. I regret to learn that you are threatened at all points, and trust that you may be able successfully to meet any attempted invasion within your lines. You mention that Price is at Jacksonport, building boats. I had information that he was there, but the latest intelligence from him is that he was moving toward Red River. My scouts have not been able for the past ten days to bring reliable information, further than that I am and have been threatened for weeks by a superior force of cavalry. Three full regiments are within 20 miles of this place, preventing communication with the interior. I have less than 4,000 men here, and of that number 600 are cavalry. I shall endeavor to comply with your request, and will advise you of any information received.

Respectfully, yours,B. M. PRENTISS.

LA GRANGE, June 27, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

The following just received from General Dodge:

Scout in from Jackson, MISS., brings news to 24th. I send the following extra from Mississippian:

"Jackson, 22nd. -Beyond a doubt, another brilliant victory has been achieved at Vicksburg. Last Saturday morning the enemy [made] another attack on the center; the engagement lasted until 10 a. m., and resulted in total repulse, with [loss to] Yankees, which is estimated at 10,000. Nothing known of our loss. Our citizens and soldiers are much elated over cheering news from Virginia and Vicksburg.

"Charleston, 22nd. -Three blockade runners, the Atlantic, Beauregard, and Antonia, went to sea safely last night. Yankees have left Folly Island, having changed their base of operations to Cole's Island.

"Jackson, 22nd. -Saturday morning at 2 o'clock, enemy made another furious attack on our lines in rear of Vicksburg. Action lasted till 10 a. m., ending in complete rout of the enemy. Citizens from the vicinity report that the fire of musketry exceeded anything ever heard. Loss of enemy was heavier than in any previous fight. Nothing is known in reference to our loss, but it is certain a great victory has been gained. Passengers from Grenada report that Yankee raiders have gone back in direction of Memphis, burning Panola and Batesville. It was thought General Chalmers had overtaken them, as firing had been heard in the direction they had taken.

"Jackson, 23rd . -Special correspondence of the Mississippian estimates the loss of the enemy on Saturday at 10,000; also reports that the enemy are throwing pontoons across the Big Black, between railroad bridges and Baldwin's Ferry, near Waterton. It is reported our forces have taken Warrenton and Union Bluff, on Yazoo. Reliable gentleman from vicinity of Port Hudson reports that Banks recrossed [on] eleven transports with re-enforcements from Hilton Head, and mustered out as many as 12,000 or 15,000 of present army, whose time was out, and who refused to fight. Courier from Colonel Lyon reports heavy firing at Port Hudson every night. Gardner's men are firm. "

