
Rebel papers are full of victories at Vicksburg and in rear, but I am inclined to think they are all humbug. Have you not got later dates than the 20th? They also claim Wirt Adams defeated. Our cavalry on Big Black took two pieces of artillery, &amp;c. They also claim to have taken Corinth. Say General Ruggles defeated Corinth force and took the place. I will send full report of Johnston's and other forces soon. Papers say Carter whipped them in East Tennessee, and destroyed Holston bridge, and put Corinth's forces at 2,200.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Respectfully,

R. J. OGLESBY.

LA GRANGE, June 27, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel BINMORE, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

Just received the following further particulars from General Dodge:

CORINTH, June 27-6. 30.

"I send reports from Jackson, the 24th. Breckinridge there with his DIVISION; thinks only Breckinridge's DIVISION came from Bragg. Loring west, toward Big Black; Johnston in center. Rebel line stretches from Jackson to Yazoo City. Cavalry cover the left to mouth of Big Black. No troops have come to Johnston for some time, and no one thinks now Johnston intends soon to attack Grant. It is his move to concentrate with Price and Kirby Smith, to cut off his supplies, but this is all conjecture. In the army and among citizens, it is firmly asserted that Pemberton has full rations in Vicksburg for sixty days. Johnston I do not think has over 35,000 men; no one places his force over 50,000. I saw all the troops come to him, and do not believe he has over 35,000, a large number of which is daily leaving his army. It is poorly provided with animals, artillery, and transportation. A few scattered troops from Jackson to Okolona to Gum Bridge; they are putting up small field-works and block-house. The general talk is that Johnston, as soon as Vicksburg falls, will be obliged to take up the line of the Tombigbee. Reports of fights at Vicksburg and at other points are of daily occurrence, but I never could depend on them. Citizens were highly elated at fighting said to have taken place on the 20th.

"Lee's movements are much talked of, and they have great hopes, but Carter's movements in East Tennessee have carried consternation, at the breaking up of the railroad; say that the iron-clad Atlanta was given up through treachery; also that our troops were getting into interior of Georgia and Florida.

"Davis has called on Alabama for 7,000 troops to defend that State. Mississippi makes slow progress in forming the militia; the fact in, everybody in Mississippi is discouraged. Heard the morning I left that Grant was moving out to attack Johnston, which created great excitement. Port Hudson is given up, Hunter's forces having gone to Banks. No infantry at Okolona. Two new Alabama regiments of cavalry and [J. C.] Thrall's battery have re-enforced Ruggles; the former, on our front to stop our raids, claim a victory for Ruggles and Chalmers.

"Mobile papers of 24th say Johnston must have 30,000 men more; that Davis is sacrificing Mississippi. They claim that Johnston has not force enough to successfully attack Grant and Howell; terribly discusses the natural advantages of line of Tombigbee for defense, and the probable result to Mobile; say Pemberton has ninety days' provisions. "

What I have said as to the report of scout can mostly be relied on; he is generally reliable, and of great judgment. The papers are certainly all despondent up to time of reported assault of 20th. Did there? And I don't believe any more troops are going to Johnston. His force is about as stated by scout. Gholson is at Aberdeen, trying to organize the militia, but has poor success; is going to draft after the 25th. Davis' and Shorter's call for troops to defend Alabama and Georgia all the Alabama and Georgia are in all the papers [sic]. They claim that Lee is going to Pennsylvania and Maryland, and crow over Winchester fight. There is one thing certain, the scout says that there is no doubt of it that Johnston and Pemberton are in daily communication, and that they get word from officers in Vicksburg; they have been looking for the garrison to escape by crossing the river; says they have built boats in Vicksburg for that purpose; he thinks Johnston is swinging his right on to the Mississippi River, but it may be a concentration to move on Grant's rear, but don't believe it. He also says that citizens talk quietly that Mississippi has gone up. I will send you lots of papers to-morrow.

Respectfully,

G. M. DODGE.

R. J. OGLESBY.

