
COLUMBUS, KY., June 27, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT, Comdg. SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: I beg to acknowledge receipt of your favor of 23rd instant, and to state that I immediately telegraphed to Major-General Schofield, requesting additional information regarding Price's forces and movements. I am fully prepared to move with infantry, cavalry, and artillery to support the garrison at New Madrid, or to dislodge rebel batteries at Island Numbers 35, or elsewhere. I inclose a copy of Major Gibson's report, of 25th instant, of his expedition on Mobile and Ohio Railroad, to Trenton, from which it appears that the party firing into our train near Trenton on the 15th instant received due punishment. Also copies of telegram, Number 2548, from Major Gibson, and of my reply. Railroad and telegraphic communication are uninterrupted within my district, with an advanced cavalry post at Union City. W. G. Fuller, assistant superintendent United States military telegraph, Cairo, informs me that the line is badly destroyed between Grand Junction and Jackson and Jackson and Corinth, and that the railroad is also destroyed. I had no report from the Tennessee yesterday. My last telegram to Major-General Halleck was Numbers 2506, on the 22nd instant, based upon telegrams received, of which I sent you copies.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH.

PADUCAH, June 27, 1863.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH, Columbus:

I have news from Fort Heiman as late 4 o'clock last evening. All was quiet and no rebel force near. Colonel Henry, commanding, reports that there has been no rebel force near him. My scouts report all quiet within 30 miles. It is whispered among sympathizers that the rebels will try to capture this post, for the purpose of making a rail into Illinois. I do not credit the rumor, but say, let them come.

Yours, respectfully,

JAS. S. MARTIN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

JUNE 28, [1863]

Major General U. S. GRANT:

A vessel will go down in about four days. I will notify you in time. Two deserters came over yesterday. They say the town will surrender on the 4th of July, after the rebels fire a salute. Six days' quarter rations left yesterday.

PORTER,

Admiral.

HERRON'S, June 28, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

Six deserters just been brought in. They are from Nineteenth Arkansas, stationed near [the] center, and deserted under the impression that the town would be surrendered in a few days. They report a further reduction in rations and great dissatisfaction among men. General Green, commanding the brigade in which their regiment was, was killed yesterday by a musket ball. They say next Saturday will settle

