
the question. I shall be engaged all night with my advanced battery, and will not get over to your headquarters until day after to-morrow. My picket arrangements on river are complete.

F. J. HERRON.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., June 28, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS, A. A. G.,

Department of the Tennessee, in the Field:

COLONEL: The rise in the Tennessee, caused by recent rains, and the probable advance of Rosecrans on Bragg, have caused the recall of the flying parties north of me and WEST of the Tennessee.

It is reported on pretty good authority that Marmaduke has occupied the crossings of the L'Anguille River, 35 miles northwest of Helena, and that Price's whole force from Jacksonport is on its way down, threatening Helena, but, as I think, to come in at or near Milliken's Bend, and unite with Pemberton's force, escaping from Vicksburg by skiffs, &amp;c., which my scouts inform me they have prepared for effecting a crossing, joining Johnston.

One of our best spies, just from Jackson, reports that unless Johnston is re-enforced by Kirby Smith and Price, he will not be in condition to attack General Grant.

The feeling throughout Mississippi is despondent, and they all talk of the line of the Tombigbee River as the next last ditch.

Vicksburg and Port Hudson seem to be given up by everybody. Nothing now looks dark except the movement of Lee into Maryland and Pennsylvania. This would seem, from the papers, to be in very heavy force, and may be productive of very serious consequences.

It is affirmed by the rebels at Jackson that a large part of Hunter's South Carolina forces are with Banks.

The damage done by the recent cavalry movement of Mizner has been very serious, and deprived Johnston of supplies, which are limited enough. The Mississippi militiamen do not respond well to the urgent calls for them.

I am delayed in striking for Okolona for want of proper ammunition for the revolving rifles of THIRD Michigan and SECOND Iowa. That which has been furnished is too large, and bursts the barrels. I hope to have it by the time the roads and rivers will permit.

Will you do me the favor of requesting Major-General Washburn to obtain and send forward reports from my DIVISION with you?

Everything is quiet here, my lines not interrupted, and no force nearer than Ruggles at Okolona. I learn from spies that a heavy force, under General Sherman, moved out to look for Johnston, but hear of no results.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Vicksburg, June 29, 1863.

A. H. MARKLAND, Special Agent, Post-Office Department:

DEAR SIR: Yours of yesterday, stating that an effort was being made to change the plan of distributing the mails for the Department of the Tennessee from Memphis to Cairo, is received.

The mails for this department are carried by Government through

