
localities, as an assistance in approaching as nearly as possible to the truth. The same motive and views influence me in forwarding the few reports sent to the General-in-Chief.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

FORT HEIMAN, June 29, 1863.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH:

GENERAL: Your telegram of 24th instant is received. We had a note from Lieutenant-Colonel von Helmrich yesterday at Murray, stating that he had concluded to go to Paris. We sent 80 men there yesterday, and just at night Lieutenant-Colonel Henry started with 70 more, with the intention of effecting a junction with Colonel von Helmrich at Paris this morning, and then moving on the rebel forces under Biffle, reported to be in the vicinity of Lexington, Tenn., conscripting, &amp;c. I am expecting a courier in from Lieutenant-Colonel Henry every moment, and will advise you of the news at once.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. LOCKHEAD

Post Adjutant.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

PADUCAH, June 29, 1863.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH:

I have a report by a citizen of Travis County, who is represented as being reliable, that on Saturday morning last he met 6 rebel soldiers on the forks of Clark's River. They inquired very particularly in regard to the force at this post, how many were out, and where stationed, and said they had a force of 200 between Mayfield and the Tennessee River. I have ordered a scout in that direction, and will report. All quiet at Fort Heiman.

JAS. S. MARTIN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

FORT HEIMAN, June 29, 1863.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH:

GENERAL: Scouts in from Huntingdon report that they were there on the 23rd instant. Saw or heard of no rebels. Federal troops occupy Trenton. All quiet in that vicinity.

A. P. HENRY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Vicksburg, June 30, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS, Comdg. Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: Feeling a great anxiety to learn the situation at Port Hudson, I send Colonel Kilby Smith to communicate with you. Colonel Smith has been here during the entire siege of Vicksburg, and can inform you fully of the position of affairs at this place. I confidently expected that Vicksburg would be in our possession before this, leaving me able to send you any force that might be required against Port Hudson.

I have a very large force here-much more than can be used in the investment of the rebel works-but Johnston still hovers east of [Big]

