
make any assault, but simply to have the rifle-pits lined with sharpshooters, and the command under arms, ready to take advantage of any chance in our favor or repel any sortie of the enemy.

Yours, truly,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

HDQRS. THIRTEENTH A. C., near Vicksburg, July 1, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS, A. A. G., Dept. of the Tennessee:

COLONEL: I have the honor to send to headquarters two prisoners with a black boy, captured near the mouth of Big Black by Major James Grant Wilson, Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry, while attempting to cross the river in a canoe. Major Wilson found a few letters in the possession of the prisoners, which are inclosed for the information of the major-general commanding. * If the statements in the letters of the amount of rations (and black boy says it has been but one-quarter pound of bacon and meal each for ten days past) can be relied on, the information is valuable. It is strongly corroborated by the statements of deserters for some days past.

E. O. C. ORD.

ORD'S [HEADQUARTERS], July 1, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

Shall I send out a brigade with artillery to the south, to meet the reported march?

E. O. C. ORD.

HEADQUARTERS, July 1, 1863.

General ORD:

Have you any information besides what I send you? If it is really true that the enemy have 12,000 troops at Hankinson's Ferry, they should be met. I will telegraph General Herron to ascertain more fully.

U. S. GRANT.

HERRON'S HEADQUARTERS, July 1, 1863.

General GRANT:

I do not place any confidence in the report of the infantry being at Hankinson's Ferry, but think it probably a scout of their cavalry crossed. I have telegraphed fully to General Ord.

F. J. HERRON.

NEAR Vicksburg, MISS, July 1, 1863.

General SHERMAN:

The enemy have shown some force this side of the Black, at Hankinson's Ferry. Ord sends out one brigade to-night to watch them. They may tray a direction to the south of the city, with the view of drawing as much force in that direction as possible. I will let you know all that takes place as early as possible.

U. S. GRANT.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

