
NEAR Vicksburg, July 1, 1863.

General SHERMAN:

Our cavalry report, on information received from citizens east of the river, that 12,000 of Johnston's troops have passed south of Baldwin's Ferry. I place no great reliance in the information, but it may prove true. Do you learn anything from Johnston.

U. S. GRANT.

WALNUT HILLS, MISS., July 1, 1863.

Major General FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr., Comdg. SECOND DIVISION:

GENERAL: General Steele directs me to say that Major-General Grant orders that all the approaches in your front be widened to 8 feet, so that a column of four (by the flank) can march therein.

I am general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. PADDOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 1, 1863-2 p. m.

General OSTERHAUS:

General Grant supposes Johnston to be feeling around toward the lower ferries. I don't think he will put his army in such a pocket. Yet it becomes us to leave nothing to conjecture. I want the bearer, Tuttle, to go to your extreme picket, and there get a couple men to go with him, to the river near Hall's Ferry, there to leave horses and the companions,, and for Tuttle to go afoot up to the road about Auburn or Cayuga, to watch the road. If an army is passing or has passed, he can easily distinguish the fact by signs, or he may in his own way personate a straggler, and find out all from some farmer or negro. Please afford him every possible facility, as time is pressing. I have been along my front, and the silence and absence of an enemy is more ominous to me than the sharpshooting of Vicksburg. We must discover the whereabouts of our enemy positively. If scattered from Mechanicsburg to Vernon, Brownsville, Jackson, Canton, and Bolton, though good for concentration, it will take time. Please give Tuttle an order to your pickets, and, if necessary to facilitate his movements, let him have a fresh horse.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN.

NEAR Vicksburg, July 2, 1863.

Admiral PORTER:

Brigadier-General Hovey informs me that the firing from the mortar-boats this morning has been exceedingly well directed on my front. One shell fell into the large fort, and several along the lines of the rifle-pits. Please have them continue firing in the same direction and elevation.

U. S. GRANT.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, July 2, 1863.

General STEELE:

General Grant desires that the following approaches, in front of the Fifteenth Corps, be placed at once in such condition as to allow the

