
BEFORE Vicksburg, MISS., July 3, 1863.

Brigadier General J. E. SMITH, Comdg. Seventh DIVISION:

GENERAL: The terms offered by Major-General Grant were in the main accepted by General Pemberton, except as to one or two minor points. The correspondence in reference to these will close by 9 o'clock, and, if the place is surrendered, white flags will be displayed at that hour on their works. All troops will be kept in their positions, ready for any emergency, and your DIVISION held in readiness to go into the city on receipt of orders. The brigade bands will have their instruments in readiness, so that they can take their proper position when the orders arrive. Field music will, of course, accompany the regiments.

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

(Same to Logan, July 4.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,In Rear of Vicksburg, July 3, 1863.

Major General F. J. HERRON:

Direct your pickets to watch closely the enemy to-night, lest he may attempt to get out by your front. Permit no person to pass your lines from Vicksburg.

General Pemberton proposed capitulation to-day, if suitable terms could be agreed upon; and, in view of all the circumstances, the general commanding offers to parole the garrison here and let them proceed to their homes. This offer you may permit some discreet persons to communicate to their pickets.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 179. near Vicksburg, MISS., July 3, 1863.

* * * * * *

III. Army corps commanders, and Major-General Herron, commanding extreme left DIVISION, will fire a national of thirty-four guns from each battery (not from each gun) they may have in position on to-morrow, the eighty-seventh anniversary of American Independence, at 5 a. m., after which they will only fire at living objects or batteries until such times as they may receive special directions from these headquarters.

Should white flags be displayed upon the enemy's lines and forts in their immediate fronts, they will move up and take possession of such lines, and hold them until further orders.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

BEFORE Vicksburg, July 3, 1863-9. 45 p. m.

Major General John A. LOGAN, Comdg. THIRD DIVISION:

GENERAL: The salute ordered to be fired to-morrow morning at 5 o'clock will not be fired until further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

