
I hope, general, and from what Admiral Porter tells me, this probably will find you in possession of Port Hudson.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT.

OAK RIDGE, July 4, 1863.

General GRANT:

General Sherman desires me to tender his warmest congratulations. Please accept my own. General Sherman will hold the railroad bridge for Ord, Messinger's for the Fifteenth Corps, and Birdsong for the NINTH. Orders are issued for the movement.

JNO. G. PARKE.

ORD'S HEADQUARTERS, July 4, 1863.

General GRANT:

Generals [A. J.] Smith and Carr are here. Their DIVISIONS are as much in hand as any, and, in reply to the order, General Carr states he can get off by to-night by working the men all day. General Smith states he can't get his guns and men into marching order before to-morrow morning. Benton takes Carr's place. I have set them to work. Shall I order the siege artillery to move with the columns?

Am of opinion many men broke by the guards and went into town.

ORD.

NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., July 4, 1863.

General E. O. C. ORD:

The route traveled by your corps on coming to Vicksburg is exactly the route they will travel back. That is the route they came-by Big Black River Bridge, Edwards Station, and Champion's Hill. That is the route they now go. If they leave that route after passing Champion's Hill, all will be equally ignorant of the route, none of our troops having been north of that road. Hains can tell you all about the route.

U. S. GRANT.

ORD'S HEADQUARTERS, July 4, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

I have ordered in my cavalry from Baldwin's, Hall's, and Hankinson's Ferries. This leaves that front exposed to [W.] Adams' and Barnes' [?] Texas cavalry, which I hear, by reliable intelligence, are at Rocky Springs. Should not some pickets replace mine?

ORD.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 4, 1863.

General ORD:

All the cavalry belonging to this army goes with Sherman, except what you have. Leave all but two companies to picket Big Black River.

U. S. GRANT.

CIRCULAR.]

NEAR Vicksburg, July 4, 1863.

Should white flags be displayed upon the enemy's works at 10 o'clock this morning, it will be to signify the acceptance of the terms of capitulation.

