
The enemy will be permitted to move to the front of his works, and, after stacking flags and arms, will then return to their camps.

The works will be occupied only by such troops as may afterward be selected. Those troops not designated for the purpose will not occupy the enemy's line, but remain in their present camps.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

J. H. WILSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS,

July 4, 1863

General SHERMAN:

The enemy will march outside their works, stack arms, and return inside as prisoners. No troops, except those specified in special orders, will enter the city for the present.

U. S. GRANT.

CAMP ON BEAR CREEK,

July 4, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

MY DEAR GENERAL: The telegraph has just announced to me that Vicksburg is ours; its garrison will march out, stack arms, and return within their lines as prisoners of war, and that you will occupy the city only with such troops as you have designated in orders. I can hardly contain myself. Surely will I not punish any soldier for being "unco happy" this most glorious anniversary of the birth of a nation, whose sire and farther was a Washington. Did I not know the honesty, modesty, and purity of your nature, I would be tempted to follow the examples of my standard enemies of the press in indulging in wanton flattery; but as a man and soldier, and ardent friend of yours, I warn you against the incense of flattery that will fill our land from one extreme to the other. Be natural and yourself, and this glittering flattery will be as the passing breeze of the sea on a warm summer day. To me the delicacy with which you have treated a brave but deluded enemy is more eloquent than the most gorgeous oratory of an Everett.

This is a day of jubilee, a day of rejoicing to the faithful, and I would like to hear the shout of my old and patient troops; but I must be a Gradgrind-I must have facts, knocks, and must go on. Already are my orders out to give one big huzza and sling the knapsack for new fields. Tuttle will march at once t Messinger's, Parke to Birdsong, and I will shift my headquarters to Fox's. McArthur will clear the road of obstructions made against the coming of the unseen Johnston, and as soon as Ord and Steele's columns are out, I will push ahead. I want maps, but of course the first thing is to clear the Big Black River and get up on the high ground beyond, when we move according to developments. I did want rest, but I ask nothing until the Mississippi River is ours, and Sunday and 4th of July are nothing to Americans till the river of our greatness is free as God made it. Though in the background, as I ever wish to be in civil war, I feel that I have labored some to secure this glorious result.

I am, with respect, your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN.

