
As soon as the columns arrive at the points designated, each corps commander will repair in person to these headquarters, at Fox's, to receive maps and detailed instructions.

Each corps commander and chief of cavalry will bring with him a field report of his forces, with number of wagons, guns, &amp;c., and a copy of the best map of the State of Mississippi in his possession.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Colonel RAWLINS:

If one regiment goes in advance to the court-house to take possession, I respectfully request that it be the Forty-FIFTH Illinois. This regiment has borne the brunt of the battle oftener than any other in my command, and always behaved nobly.

McPHERSON.

[Indorsement.]

It is left for you to designate such regiment as you may see proper to go forward and take possession of the court-house.

By order of Major-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BEFORE Vicksburg, July 4, 1863.

Major-General LOGAN, Comdg. THIRD DIVISION:

I suggest that the Forty-FIFTH Illinois take the advance in going into the city.

Very respectfully,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

Vicksburg, July 4, 1863.

Major General John A. LOGAN, Comdg. THIRD DIVISION.

GENERAL: Major-General Sherman's command is under orders to march toward Big Black River this afternoon at 5 p. m. You will, therefore, detail men enough from your own DIVISION and General Ransom's brigade to guard the line of the enemy's intrenchments from the left of your line, before coming into Vicksburg, around to the river on the north side of town, to prevent the escape of prisoners and the ingress and egress of citizens. Allow no persons, either citizens or soldiers, to pass in or out for the present, unless provided with proper passes from Major-General Grant, these headquarters or yourself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 20. Vicksburg, MISS., July 4, 1863.

Soldiers of the SEVENTEENTH Army Corps:

Again I rejoice with you over your brilliant achievements and your unparalleled success. Hardly had your flag floated to the breeze on the capitol of Mississippi, when, springing to the call of our noble com-

