
mander, you rushed upon the defiant columns of the enemy at Champion's Hill, and drove him in confusion and dismay across the Big Black to his defenses within the stronghold of Vicksburg. Your assaulting columns, which moved promptly upon his works on the 22nd of May, and which stood for hours undaunted under a withering fire, were unsuccessful only because no men could take the position by storm. With tireless energy, with sleepless vigilance by night and by day, with battery and with rifle-pit, with trench and mine, you made your sure approaches, until, overcome by fatigue and driven to despair in the attempt to oppose your irresistible progress, the whole garrison of over 30,000 men, with all their arms and munitions of war, have, on this the anniversary of our National Independence, surrendered to the invincible troops of the Army of the Tennessee. The achievements of this hour will give a new meaning to this memorable day, and Vicksburg will brighten the glow in the patriot's heart which kindles at the mention of Bunker Hill and Yorktown. This is, indeed, an auspicious day for you. The God of battle is with you. The dawn of a conquered peace is breaking upon you, the plaudits of an admiring world will hail you wherever you may go, and it will be an ennobling heritage, surpassing all riches, to have been of the SEVENTEENTH Army Corps on the Fourth of July, 1863.

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 180. near Vicksburg, MISS., July 4, 1863.

I. On the surrender of Vicksburg, Major-General Herron will advance one brigade of his DIVISION to within the fortifications of the enemy. He will throw out guards to prevent all persons, soldiers of citizens, from entering or leaving the city. Major General John A. Logan is assigned temporarily to the command of the city of Vicksburg, and will march his DIVISION within the intrenchments of the enemy, to a suitable camp-ground. He will furnish all the guards necessary to prevent the escape of citizens or prisoners from Vicksburg, or the entrance of soldiers and all outside parties into the city. One regiment will be immediately placed on guard in the city, to preserve order, and to prevent pillaging and other destruction of property. Five companies, commanded by a competent field officer, will report at once to Lieutenant Colonel J. D. Bingham, chief quartermaster, to collect and guard all captured property, and to superintend working parties of such negroes as may be collected and employed in discharging boats, and other labor in the quartermaster's department. No citizens will be permitted to land from steamers until authority may be given hereafter. All the able-bodied negro men in the city will be immediately collected and organized into working parties, under suitable officers. They will at once be set to policing the city and the grounds within the destruction of the Captain Comstock, chief engineer, will direct the destruction of the outside approaches made to the enemy's works. All necessary details will be made for this purpose by the commander of the SEVENTEENTH Army Corps, either from his pioneer corps, negroes collected, or by details from the ranks. All heavy artillery will be moved into the intrenchments and properly located for defense. DIVISION engineer officers, or, in their absence, DIVISION quartermasters, will collect and save all mining-tools belonging to their respective commands.

II. Lieutenant Colonel William L. Duff, chief of artillery, will immediately collect and take care of all ordnance stores outside of the enemy's

