
works at Vicksburg. He will call on Major-General McPherson and Major-General Herron for such details as he may require in carrying out this order.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENN., near Vicksburg, July 4, 1863.

General HERRON:

The order moving your troops in was to help guard the city, to prevent ingress and egress. General McPherson's corps move inside and forms what you fail to of the investment. If the ground is suitable for an encampment inside, you had better move your whole DIVISION. Collect together all the arms, accouterments, and colors on your front, and hold them for the ordnance officer to get when he calls. None of the colors are to be taken by any individual; they are all to be sent to Washington.

General Logan commands the remainder of the city guard, and you will connect with him as nearly as possible.

U. S. GRANT.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 181. near Vicksburg, MISS., July 5, 1863.

I. Major General James B. McPherson, commanding SEVENTEENTH Army Corps and troops garrisoning Vicksburg and guarding prisoners of war, will take immediate charge of the paroling of the capitulated Confederate States forces, and hurry the same forward with all possible dispatch. Every printing press that can be had he will put into requisition for the printing of the necessary blanks. Lieutenant-Colonel Loren Kent, provost-marshall-general, will report to his for orders. Not one of the capitulated garrison must be allowed to escape, but all must be paroled, and duplicate lists, certified by the proper officers, retained.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

Vicksburg, July 5, 1863.

Major-General McPHERSON, Comdg., &amp;c., Vicksburg:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request your attention to the accompanying note, addressed me by Major General M. L. Smith, C. S. Army,* and to ask that you will inform me, at your earliest convenience, what course is intended to be pursued with regard with regard to our servants. Several have already been taken up, as I understand, without being allowed the privilege of remaining in their present service, should they desire to do so. I believe this to be contrary to the intention of Major-General Grant, and respectfully ask your interposition to remedy the wrong in any existing case, and to prevent a recurrence.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

