
GERMANTOWN, July 5, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

I have reliable information that General Chalmers is at Panola. Has been re-enforced, and is repairing the railroad, intending to hold that place. General [J. Z.] George and Colonel G. L. Blythe are at Coldwater Station. Their pickets 10 miles south of Memphis. Some scattering men in Hernando daily. No indications of any attempt on this road.

L. F. McCrillis,

Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

Vicksburg, July 6, 1863.

Major-General McPHERSON, U. S. Army, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Several of the general officers of my army have requested to be informed whether they will be permitted to take with them any mounted couriers; and, if so, how many? Will you be pleased to notify me at your earliest convenience?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Vicksburg, July 6, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. C. PEMBERTON, Commanding C. S. A. Forces:

GENERAL: In relation to the question of servants, I am authorized to say that each commissioned officer can send in the boy whom he wishes to take with him, with a pass stating the fact, to my provost-marshall, Lieutenant-Colonel Wilson, who will question him as to his willingness to go, at the same time stating to the boy that he is free to do as he likes. If the boy or servant says he wishes to go, a pass will then be issued to him.

General officers will not be permitted to take with them mounted men for couriers. Major-General Grant furthermore directs me to say that he cannot permit you to send a courier with dispatches to your Government to-day, but will do so as soon as the public interests will admit.

Two teams will be allowed for your headquarters; one team for DIVISION headquarters; one 4-mule team for brigade headquarters; one 4 mule team for each regiment, and one team for Major Orme, chief quartermaster. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAS. B. McPHERSON.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE EXPEDITION, Numbers 53. Cam at Fox's, July 6, 1863

The troops composing this expedition being now in position, will move as follows:

I. The Thirteenth Army Corps, General Ord, will cross Black River at the railroad bridge, and move on Clinton by the direct road passing by Champion's Hill, and about a mile south of Bolton Station.

---------------

*This letter was published by General Pemberton as a "circular" to the Vicksburg garrison.

---------------

31 R R-VOL. XXIV, PT. III

