
II. The Fifteenth Army Corps, which will for the time of this expedition be commanded by General Steele, will move on Clinton by the upper road, which passes about 3 miles north of Bolton Station.

III. The NINTH Army Corps, General Parke, will move to Clinton by the Brownsville road, using the roads through and south of Brownsville, aiming to converge at Clinton.

IV. The movement will begin at 4 p. m. of July 6, each corps aiming to arrive at Bolton Station at 10 a. m. of the 7th and Clinton by 10 a. m. of the 8th.

V. The cavalry, under command of Colonel Bussey, will cross Black River in advance of General Parke, move rapidly toward Brownsville and across to Bolton, thence to Clinton, communicating at each point with corps commanders and the general command.

VI. All commanders will hold their troops in perfect order for battle at all times, and, on encountering the enemy, will engage him at once. If the enemy by encountered in force on any route, the corps moving on the parallel routes will direct their columns so as to reach the field of battle to the rear and flank of the enemy.

VII. The general in chief command will attend the central column, where all staff officers and communications will be addressed him. Corps commanders will so arrange their trains and so conduct their marches that their men and horses suffer as little as possible from the excessive heat and dust of the season, but each will remember the position of his neighbors, and regard their situation.

VIII. Private pillage and plunder must cease; our supplies are now ample, and there is no use or sense in wanton damage. Brigade quartermasters and commissaries may collect by regular foraging parties such forage and provisions as are needed by the troops, by the people of the country should be protected as far as possible against the cruel and wanton acts of irresponsible parties. Stragglers and camp-followers found out of place should be dealt with summarily.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AMSTERDAM, MISS., July 6, 1863.

Major General E. O. C. ORD, Comdg. Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Major Fullerton, with a battalion of the SECOND and THIRD Illinois Cavalry, is at Edwards Station, and has sent forward to Baker's Creek one company to feel the enemy, who was here this a. m., about 1,000 strong (deserter's report), under Wirt Adams, but is slowly falling back. The One hundred and eighteenth Illinois (mounted infantry), one regiment of infantry, and one section of artillery are at a point commanding the forks of the roads to Bridgeport and Fourteen mile Creek. To both points strong patrols are sent out. The main part of the DIVISION is at Amsterdam. There is firing on my left. I have no countersign this evening.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS.

GERMANTOWN, July 6, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

My scout, just returned from Hernando, reports that General George and Colonel Blythe are encamped at Coldwater Station with about 600

