
men. They send patrols to Hernando every day. They kept no pickets between that place and Germantown. The rebels made their headquarters at Panola. Coldwater River high and impassable except at the ferry.

Very respectfully,

L. F. McCrillis,

Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 7, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I respectfully recommend the following appointments:

1. Major General Ulysses S. Grant, volunteers, to be a major-general in the United States Army, to date July 4, the capture of Vicksburg.

2. Major General George G. Meade, volunteers, to be a brigadier-general in the United States Army, to date July 3, the victory of Gettysburg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK.
HEADQUARTERS POST, Vicksburg, July 7, 1863.

Colonel RAWLINS,Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

SIR: I solemnly protest, as an officer of the United States Army, against the manner in which Confederate officers are permitted to intimidate their servants in presence of officers appointed to examine said servants, and also against passes worded permitting them to go out with their masters. The manner in which this thing is being done is conniving at furnishing negroes to every officer who is a prisoner in Vicksburg.

JOHN A. LOGAN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Vicksburg, July 7, 1863.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Commanding SEVENTEENTH Army Corps:

Give instruction that no passes are to be given to negroes to accompany their masters in leaving the city. The negroes may be informed that they are free any one who may choose to give the information, and, if they still wish to go, no force need be used to prevent. In the particular case where I gave the reply that force would not be used to prevent negroes accompanying their masters, the officer said he had a family and children, and could not get along without a nurse; further that the nurse had been raised in the family and was like one of them, and would take as hard to be separated as would an actual member of the family.

If there is any indication that a suspicious number of blacks are going to accompany the troops out, then all should be turned back except such as are voluntarily accompanying families, not more than one to each family.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT.

