HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH A. C., Vicksburg, July 7, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON,* Comdg. C. S. A. Forces:

GENERAL: I am constrained in consequence of the abuse of the privilege which was granted to officers to take out one private servant (colored) each, to withdraw it altogether, except in cases of families and sick and disabled officers.

The abuses which I speak of are:

1. Officers coming here with their servants, and intimidating them, instead of sending them by themselves to be questioned.

2. Citizens have been seen and heard in the streets urging negroes who were evidently not servants to go with the officers.

3. Negroes have also been brought here who have been at work on the fortifications.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAS. B. McPHERSON.

HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH A. C., Vicksburg, July 7, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Comdg. C. S. A. Forces:

GENERAL: Your command will be permitted to march out on the direct Jackson road, via Bovina, to Edwards Depot, thence by the most direct road to Raymond, crossing the Big Black near the railroad bridge, where there is a wagon-road bridge.

Major Richard Orme, chief quartermaster, will be permitted to pass out on this line whenever you may direct, to procure forage, &amp;c.

With regard to any portion of your command who refuse to be paroled, they will have to be placed under guard and sent north as prisoners of war, to be confined in such places as the General Government may direct. Major-General Grant directs me to state that not one of your command who accept paroles have marched out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

COURT-HOUSE, Vicksburg, MISS., July 7, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that Captain Simpson, paroling officer for the artillery, reports to me that Colonel Edward Higgins' command, consisting mostly of Louisiana and Alabama troops, to the number of 1,500, refuse to accept or sign paroles. I have made a written report of it to Major-General McPherson. I wait further instructions in the matter. The work is going on well this morning; we are doing all mortal men can do. If the work is delayed longer than you at first anticipated, it will be because of the amount to do and our efforts to do it well, and not from any lack of vigorous work on the part of those on duty. There are now 11 officers and a sufficient number of clerks busily engaged all the time. The presses now supply us without delay.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. KENT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Provost-Marshal-General.

---------------

*Published as a "circular" by General Pemberton, same date.

---------------

