SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 131. Vicksburg, MISS., July 7, 1863.

* * * * * * *

III. Brigadier General John D. Stevenson, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the duty of inspecting the regiments, batteries, and detachments of the paroled prisoners of the Confederate States Army before they pass out of the lines of the United States forces, with a view to secure compliance in every particular with the terms of capitulation and such specific orders from competent authority as may make an exception to said terms.

No officer or soldier not properly paroled, no citizens or servants of officers or citizens, no horse or mule or vehicle, no camp and garrison equipage, no commissary or quartermaster's stores or articles of any description, will be permitted to pass the lines, except such as are authorized as aforesaid.

General Stevenson will make such details of officers and men from his command as he may deem necessary to assist him in the duties herein assigned him.

* * * * * *

V. It having been represented to these headquarters that guidons, battle-flags, and colors of the several regiments,, detachments, and batteries of the Confederate forces, surrendered on the 4th instant, have been taken possession of by unauthorized persons and in disobedience of orders, it is therefore ordered:

That DIVISION and brigade commanders direct a thorough inspection to be made of their respective commands, to discover, if possible, any such colors, guidons, or battle-flags, and that if any be found they send them in with a description of the same, under charge of an officer, to Colonel Riggin, aide-de-camp at department headquarters. DIVISION and brigade commanders will report compliance with this order and the results of their investigations to-morrow, the 8th instant, at 2 p. m.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major-General McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY ARMY, Numbers 54. near Bolton, MISS., July 7, 1863.

In consequence of the non-arrival of the NINTH Army Corps, the movement on Clinton for to-morrow will be postponed. The Thirteenth Army Corps, General Ord, will hold the ground to the south of the railroad, and General Steele, with the Fifteenth Army Corps, that to the north, connecting at the bridge at Bolton. Each corps commander will picket strong to the front and exposed flank.

Colonel Bussey, chief of cavalry, will early in the morning move directly to the front, threatening Clinton. If no enemy is encountered, he will move to the north, to the upper Jackson road, make a circuit toward Brownsville, and return to camp.

Corps commanders will arrange their troops by DIVISION, brigades, and regiments, direct proper roll-calls, and see that their men are kept in camp. All must be prepared to move or engage an enemy on the shortest notice.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

