
MEMPHIS, TENN., July 7, 1863.

Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Tennessee, Vicksburg, MISS.:

COLONEL: I ma informed that Price has abandoned Helena, and is now endeavoring to cross the Mississippi River. Chalmers has again moved to effect junction, and put up a battery at Commerce. I have notified naval authorities.

It would be a very considerable relief to me to have one DIVISION of the corps moved up as soon as practicable, if it can be spared from below. IF the DIVISION sent up has its transportation, &amp;c., complete, it might be well to land them at Commerce, and let them march through by Coldwater and Senatobia, clearing that country as they come. I think it will do good. If not, and they come here, I will organize an expedition as soon as they arrive.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.

I forward inclosed telegram, just received:

CORINTH, July 7, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

SIR: Brigadier General John S. Bowen, taken at the surrender of Vicksburg, broke his parole, given to General Lyon, at United States Arsenal, Saint Louis, on the 11th day of May, 1861, he, Bowen, having been captured at Camp Jackson. Bowen addressed an insulting and grossly abusive letter to General Lyon, from Richmond, stating that the disregarded his parole, given to General Lyon in May. I saw and read the letter. Bowen's letter received by Lyon about the 25th of June, 1861. He stated that he was then in arms against the United States.

Respectfully,

FLORENCE M. CORNYN,

Colonel Tenth Missouri Cavalry, Commanding Cavalry.

CORINTH, July 7, 1863.

General HURLBUT, Memphis:

Scout just arrived from Okolona reports forces same as before. They moved out toward Pontotoc on Sunday morning. Barteau at Baldwyn. Colonel [S. W.] Ferguson, formerly of Regular Army, has taken command of the cavalry at Okolona.

Mobile News, of July 3, says Dick Taylor took Berwick Bay, with 1,500 prisoners, large amount of army stores, and also that he and Magruder took Kenner Depot, 10 miles from New Orleans, stating that they took FIFTY pieces heavy artillery.

On Saturday, at 10 o'clock, it was telegraphed to Okolona that Dick Taylor had taken New Orleans, whereupon a salute of ten guns was fired. The papers are full of reports from Port Hudson, New Orleans, and Bragg, but very little about Vicksburg. I do not believe the paper reports are reliable, except I think that Magruder and Taylor are somewhere near New Orleans. The paper reports would made them east of Mississippi River, which, of course, cannot be true. There is no doubt but what a move is making from Okolona north or west, I cannot tell which. About 2,000 cavalry and two batteries went out.

Rebels attacked our unserviceable stock corral this morning, taking 30 prisoners, and drove off a large portion of the stock, which was so broken down that they left it along the road. Most of it was condemned horses and mules, and no serviceable stock was among it. The corral

