
was 3 miles out. They also came toward Glendale with a considerable mounted force, while one of Forrest's regiments, just from Tennessee, went to the north, toward Purdy. My cavalry are all out after them.

G. M. DODGE.

CORINTH, July 7, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel BINMORE:

Please telegraph the order placing me in command of left wing. It did not arrive here to-day, and I want to move some cavalry in that command. About 800 men passed through Purdy to-day, on their way to Bolivar. They come from Tuscumbia Valley. A portion of Bragg's cavalry are on my left. I think it is that part that crossed at Florence several days ago. Mobile papers of the 4th say that new cavalry officers have been placed in charge of cavalry in North Mississippi and Alabama for important movements. I will send Southern papers in the morning from all parts of South.

G. M. DODGE.

CORINTH, July 7, 1863.

All posts on Memphis and Charleston Railroad:

About 600 rebel cavalry are north of the road, and intend to strike to-night some point between here and Grand Junction. Be prepared for them. Notify all detachments.

G. M. DODGE.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 89. Memphis, Tenn. July 7, 1863.

I. Major General Richard J. Oglesby, having tendered his resignation, by reason of wounds received in battle, and having received leave of absence from the major-general commanding department is hereby relieved from the command of the left wing of the SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

II. Brigadier General G. M. Dodge, commanding the SECOND DIVISION, will assume command of the left wing, headquarters at Corinth, MISS.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Vicksburg, July 8, 1863.

Major-General McPHERSON, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your communication of yesterday, concerning the taking out of officers' servants, was received and while I have made all the requests it is my intention to make on the subject, I must yet beg leave to state that your reasons for denying the negroes the privilege of following their own inclinations seems to me to want. [sic]

1. The misconduct of one or several officers should not redound to the injury of the whole army, but only of themselves.

2. The action of citizens who have no connection whatever with the army should not affect it.

3. All the negroes in this place, not already in the public service, were impressed by my order for work on the fortifications, and I consequently am alone responsible for this point of objection.

Very respectfully,

J. C. PEMBERTON.

