
in the stream until they accept and consent to march out with officers appointed over them. Declining this, they will be sent north as prisoners of war, to be held for exchange.

When all those able to leave the lines are paroled, and the rolls are approved by General Pemberton, or any officer designated by him, the whole will be required to leave our lines. Those declining to leave will be sent out under guard. General Pemberton's acceptance of the terms proposed to him bind the Confederate Government not to accept the services of any man who formed a part of the garrison on the morning of the 4th instant until properly exchanged. . The object of the parole is to make each individual feel the same obligation.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH A. C., Vicksburg, July 8, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS, Asst. Adjutant-GENERAL:

COLONEL: Orders were issued when we first came in town to stop all crossing the river in small boats, and a strong guard has been stationed along the levee to prevent this, and also prevent soldiers, both our own and Confederate, from going in steamboats. It was reported to me that 17 paroled Confederate prisoners had gone across the river. I immediately sent down to have the thing stopped, if possible, and shall try and do so.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAS. B. McPHERSON.

Vicksburg, MISS., July 8, 1863.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON, Comdg. SEVENTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: Inform General Pemberton that, owing to the refusal of Major Watts to countersign rolls of paroled prisoners, certified to by regimental commanders, unless the members are actually present when passing out of the lines, I would be pleased if those already paroled be moved out as early as possible to-morrow. Hereafter, require all regiments or detachments coming up to be paroled to come ready to march immediately out as soon as they receive their paroles.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT.

Vicksburg, MISS., July 8, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. D. BINGHAM,

Chief Quartermaster, Department of the Tennessee:

COLONEL: The large number of our sick and wounded, and still greater of Confederate sick and wounded, at this place, and so much for their care being required from your department, renders it necessary that some one person be assigned to the duty of providing and furnishing all that may be properly required of the quartermaster's department in the way of tents and buildings for hospital purposes, transportation, wood, water, coffins, &amp;c.

You will, therefore, designate and assign to such duty at once a competent and energetic assistant or acting assistant quartermaster, with

