
nation from threatened wreck and hopeless ruin, I would invoke from Deity, as the greatest boon, a common grave to save us from such infamy and disgrace.

The day is not far distant when traitors and cowards, North and South, will cower before the indignation of an outraged people. March bravely onward! Nerve your strong arms to the task of overthrowing every obstacle in the pathway of victory until wish shouts of triumph the last gun is fired that proclaims us a united people under the old flag and one government! Patriot soldiers! This great work accomplished, the reward for such service as yours will be realized; the blessings and honors of a grateful people will be yours.

JOHN A. LOGAN.

UNITED STATES MISS. SQUADRON, February 13, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Comdg. Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I am preparing the mortars, and will open on the town and thereabouts as soon as I can get them in position.

Very respectfully,

DAVID D. PORTER.

BEFORE Vicksburg, February 13, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Comdg. SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

In view of the impending struggle in opening the Mississippi River, it behooves me to collect for that purpose all the forces possible. I expected to get some of General Curtis' forces now in Northern Arkansas or Southern Missouri, but I do not see that they are coming. I am also informed that no enemy in any force now threatens any part of the road east from Memphis. With this fact, I think, one DIVISION more might be brought forward, which can be dome by transferring it to Sherman's army corps, and transferring the District of Memphis to yours. If later information than any I possess does not make it absolutely necessary to retain all the troops you have now, you may relieve one of the DIVISIONS between Memphis and Grand Junction and bring it forward to Memphis, and hold in readiness to be brought forward at a moment's notice. Please notify me when this is done and the DIVISION selected, so that I can make the necessary order for the transfer. Orders were sent to you on the 7th, before I learned of your return, assigning you to the command of the District of WEST Tennessee, and directing Hamilton to report to you.

U. S. GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Lake Providence, La., February 13, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Comdg. SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: The steamers Rose Hamilton and Evansville are reported for violating my orders regulating trade. Not being at headquarters, I have not got access to orders to give you number and date of the order referred to, but it was published about the 20th of January, and prohibits boats landing at other than military ports, or under the protection of gunboats.

Trade is not opened below Helena, and, therefore, vessels landing at

4 R R-VOL XXIV, PT III

