
directions to report to Surg. Madison Mills, medical director. Issues of quartermaster's stores for hospitals will be made on requisition, approved by the medical director of the department.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant adjutant-General.

MILLIKEN'S BEND, July 8, 1863.

Brigadier-General DENNIS,

Commanding District of Northeastern Louisiana:

GENERAL: I have a prisoner here, taken just outside our picket lines, who states that he belongs to Thirteenth Louisiana Regiment (mounted); that he, with 8 other men, were on picket on the Tensas up to this morning, when he left (deserted). He states that on Sunday the rebel forces were united in the vicinity of Delhi, amounting, according to general belief, to 10,000 men and nineteen pieces of artillery; that all were under command of Kirby Smith, who was there in person; that on Monday they started for Floyd, or in that direction, and it was rumored that Milliken's Bend or Lake Providence was to be attacked, the force, now consisting of six brigades, having been lately re-enforced by Little's brigade, from Arkansas (mounted men). General Smith joined the forces a few days since, having come up the Washita River. I will send the man to you, with two or three men that I have, as soon as I have an opportunity.

I don't know that this information will benefit you, but think it my duty to communicate to you all the information I gain.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

H. SCOFIELD,

Colonel Eighth Louisiana Regiment, Commanding Post.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY ARMY,

Near Bolton, MISS., July 8, 1863.

Corps commanders, with such of the DIVISION commanders as can be spared from camps, will meet the general commanding at Porter House, at Bolton Depot, at 10 a. m.

All men and officers will at once provide two days' rations in their haversacks-officers' haversacks to be carried by their servants-so that the army be independent of the train:

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant adjutant-General.

JULY 8, 1863. -For Schofield to Grant, see Series I, VOL. XXII, Part I, p. 18.

Vicksburg, MISS., July 9, 1863.

Major General F. J. HERRON:

GENERAL: Make all preparation to move with your DIVISION to Port Hudson as soon as the prisoners of war are turned out of our lines.

