
can be dispensed with. I will also ask that General Grierson be sent here as soon as possible. I am very much in want of cavalry and of Grierson to command them.

Hoping you have removed the last barrier to the free navigation of the Mississippi River, I remain, your very obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT.

Vicksburg, MISS., July 10, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. United States Forces:

GENERAL: I propose designating Major General M. L. Smith to remain after the departure of the army, with a view of carrying into effect, in conjunction with yourself, the terms of the capitulation of my army and this city. In order that he may act understandingly in reference to granting leaves of absence to sick and disabled officers and soldiers, and in forwarding the sick and wounded as they may become able to travel, it will probably be necessary for him to communicate with me under such conditions and at such times as may not interfere with your military movements. It is, of course, expected that General Smith is to be respected and treated according to his rank, with the privilege, when he leaves, of designating a successor, should one be necessary, and that he be furnished with transportation to the extent of one wagon and team and a proper escort through your lines when leaving, and, likewise, to have the facilities for getting supplies while here. Please inform me if this designation will be acceptable to you, and if what is asked will be accorded. I also ask that General Smith be allowed two or three couriers, with their horses, either from my present command or detailed from yours.

Very respectfully,

J. C. PEMBERTON.

Vicksburg, July 10, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON, Comdg. Confederate Forces, Vicksburg:

GENERAL: Yours of this date, proposing to leave Major General M. L. Smith to arrange for the paroling of the sick and wounded, granting furloughs, &amp;c., is received. It will be agreeable to me to have General Smith remain for the purpose named. Whilst here, it is not necessary for me to assure you he will receive every courtesy, and in leaving he will be insured a safe conduct beyond our lines. Four orderlies will be authorized to remain with General Smith. All communications passing between General Smith and outside our lines during his stay will be forwarded and received open througe.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT.

HEADQUARTERS, Vicksburg, MISS., July 10, 1863.

General McPHERSON, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I propose to commence the movement of my command to-morrow morning at 4 o'clock, or as soon thereafter as practicable-General Bowen's DIVISION on the advance of the Jackson road; one brigade of General Forney's DIVISION on the Jackson and on the Baldwin's Ferry road; General Smith's DIVISION on the Jackson road; Colonel Withers' light artillery regiment and Colonel Higgins' heavy artillery

