
commands on the Baldwin's Ferry road. General Stevenson's DIVISION will bring up the rear of the army, and will not be able to leave before Sunday morning at 4 o'clock. By agreement between General Grant and myself, I have instructed regimental commanders and commanders of unattached companies to verify the rolls of parole of their commanders and sign them by my order.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON.
HEADQUARTERS, Vicksburg, July 10, 1863.

Major-General McPHERSON, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Pemberton directs me to say that he is pained to learn that is seems to be the intention of some of his men to surreptitiously carry out with them powder in their canteens. Immediately on the receipt of this information the order inclosed was issued to the troops to prevent it.

Very respectfully,J. C. TAYLOR,

Aide-de-Camp.

HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH A. C., Vicksburg, July 10, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON, Comdg. C. S. A. Forces:

GENERAL: Surgeon [Edward D.] Kittoe, who has been placed in charge of Confederate hospitals, has just complained to me that the nurses and attendants in the hospitals have mostly left. Will you direct the nurses and attendants to remain, together with a sufficient number of surgeons and assistant surgeons, to take proper care of the sick until such times as their services can be dispensed with, when they will be permitted to leave the lines in accordance with the terms of the capitulation?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

Vicksburg, July 10, 1863.

Major-General McPHERSON:

SIR: I am detailed by Lieutenant-Colonel Bingham to assist the surgeon in charge of Confederate hospitals in properly supplying the inmates with water and fuel; also, at the wish of Surgeon Kittoe, to superintend the arranging of a large camp wherein to place all the sick and wounded of the Confederates.

I have the teams to do all the hauling, but it is impossible for me to furnish men to do the work. I have called upon Colonel Gilchrist for a working party, but he has none. I would most respectfully suggest that the commanding officer of C. S. Army ought to be made to leave sufficient able-bodied men out of his army here to attend to the wants and comfort of their sick. About 100 men will be sufficient to do all the work, and without this detail I am not able to do justice to the Confederate hospitals.

I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

H. G. BOHN,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

