
[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH A. C., Vicksburg, July 10.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-General Pemberton, commanding C. S. A. forces, Vicksburg.

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

Vicksburg, July 10, 1863.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of this morning, inclosing that of Captain Bohn, assistant quartermaster, and to say in reply that orders will be at once issued that the requisite number of nurses and attendants remain in the Confederate hospitals.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. C. PEMBERTON.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENN., Vicksburg, MISS., July 10, 1863.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON, Comdg. SEVENTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Pemberton desires to commence moving with his command to-night. As the paroling is now about completed, he may be permitted to do so. In going over the lines, the rolls will be called, and those not answering to their names will be checked so that under the head of "remarks" it can be noted that such persons did not march out with their commanders. The rolls will show who are prisoners, and every ma named will be acknowledge as such, only it is wanted to avoid leaving the same man subject to exchange twice. Some named in the rolls may be in hospital, and, no doubt, many more will skulk and be found within our lines after their regiments have left, with or without passes. I told General Pemberton that everything would be done on my part to prevent any man being exchanged for twice. Accordingly, every man sent north whose name appears on the rolls sent to Washington will be enrolled again, and his name sent forward so that it may be stricken from the original rolls. You will want to appoint officers to be at the line of intrenchments to witness and compare rolls of absentees with the officers appointed by General Pemberton.

Yours, &c.,

U. S. GRANT.

HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH A. C., Vicksburg, July 10, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Comdg. C. S. A. Forces, Vicksburg:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication, and to say that everything will be arranged so that your command can march out at the times you may designate. It is immaterial whether you leave town by the main Jackson road or the Baldwin's Ferry road, only I wish you to advise me which road you propose to take, the hours of starting of each DIVISION, in order that the paroling officer may be on the ground to check off the absentees; also the roads by which each DIVISION or DIVISIONS will pass through the intrenchments. Brigadier General John D. Stevenson, of my command, is the general officer detailed to see that all the arrangements and terms are carried out in a proper manner.

