
Major-General Grant informs me that you will detail officers to be present and act in conjunction with my provost-marshals.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY ARMY Numbers 56. near Jackson, MISS., July 10, 1863.

The enemy having taken post in the fortified city of Jackson, the following dispositions will be observed:

I. General Ord, with the Thirteenth Army Corps, will operate along the Raymond road; General Steele, with the Fifteenth Army Corps, along the Clinton road, and General Parke, with the NINTH Corps, along the Livingston road, all connecting by pickets.

II. Each corps commander will cause to be constructed in some commanding position one or more batteries, sufficient to cover their heaviest ordnance, with rifle pits to protect these guns. They will dispose their troops so as to suffer as little as possible from the enemy's artillery fire, and to be easily massed for offense or defense. General Ord will send frequent and strong detachments as far as Pearl River to the right, with a view to secure a point from which to attack the railroad bridge, or the railroad itself beyond Pearl River. General Parke will in like manner send similar detachments for a like purpose to Pearl River, to his left. All corps commanders will gain ground to the front whenever they can do so without too great a sacrifice of life, and whenever an assault is made at any one point the batteries and sharpshooters at all others must co-operate.

III. General Ord will dispatch all his available cavalry to the south, with orders to tear up and effectually destroy at least 1 miles of the track, and as many bridges as possible for a distance of at least 15 miles from Jackson. Colonel Bussey, with all the cavalry he can raise, will proceed to the north, and destroy the railroad at Canton and the railroad bridge at Black River, above Canton, and as many other bridges along his route as possible, concerning which he will apply to and receive instructions from the commanding general.

IV. The attention of all officers should be called to the importance of digging wells wherever there is a prospect of procuring water near the encampments of their men.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. W. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY ARMY, Numbers 139. near Jackson, MISS., July 10, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. Condit Smith, chief quartermaster, will at once bring up the reserve supply train, now at Messinger's Ford. Colonel Alexander Chambers, commanding brigade near Fox's, will detail a regiment of infantry to escort the train as far as Clinton, on reporting at which place the men will be relieved, and can ride back in the empty wagons.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

