
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Number 8. Memphis, Tenn., January 21, 1863.

Surg. C. H. Laub, U. S. Army, having reported for duty, and being the senior surgeon in the department, is hereby announced as chief of the medical department, and will relieve Surg. H. R. Wirtz in the duties of the same.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumber A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Number 5. Milliken's Bend, January 21, 1863.

General Stuart will forthwith disembark his cavalry and order it to report to Colonel Stewart, aide to General McClernand. The First DIVISION will remain on board their boats at Milliken's Bend till further orders from General McClernand or myself. The SECOND DIVISION will forthwith prepare to follow the Forest Queen to Young's Point, and will be ready at 4. 30 p. m. The boats will land in close and in good order, and one regiment from each brigade will be sent out 200 yards, with vedettes 200 yards farther, immediately on landing. The entire DIVISION will disembark at Young's Point at daylight, prepared must be in order, and officers in command will attend to seeing landings made for the artillery and wagons.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., January 22, 1863.

Brigadier General WILLIS A. GORMAN,

Comdg. Dist. of Helena:

The following dispatch is just received:

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 21, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

By direction of the President, Major-General Grant will assume command of all troops in Arkansas which may be reach of his orders. The portion of Arkansas occupied by such troops will be temporarily attached to the Department of the Tennessee.

H. W. HALLECK.

In conformity with the above, I have attached your command to the Thirteenth Army Corps, Major-General McClernand commanding. I will have you furnished soon with all such past orders as are necessary for your guidance. I wish you to return to Helena with your command as soon as possible, and discharge all the steamers that can possibly be spared. Do not understand this as an order to abandon any enterprise for breaking up the enemy in his strongholds, if you are near the accomplishment of such a result.

The Mississippi River enterprise must take precedence over all others, and any side move made must simply be to protect our flanks and rear. So long, however, as the enemy have steamers in the White and Arkansas Rivers, it is necessary for the safe navigation of the Mississippi to Vicksburg to break up all their forces on those two rivers, and, if possible, get possession of their boats.

