
some officers immediately to Duncan's to inquire for the facts. If their negroes have been carried off, find out where they are and who carried them off. Return to them as far as possible everything that has been taken. Arrest the parties engaged in this transaction, and all officers among them send to me under guard,

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT.

Vicksburg, MISS., July 11, 1863.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON, Commanding Post:

I am just informed that General Johnston has sent orders to Yazoo City to impress all the negroes that can be collected and set them to fortifying the place. Also that 1,000 are now at work, guarded by two regiments of troops. Johnston says in his dispatch that he has repulsed Sherman, capturing three brigades of his troops. I get nothing from Sherman, and, as the news came by way of Yazoo City, cannot believe it. I have asked Admiral Porter, however, to send up a fleet of boats, and I will send troops to co-operate. Send General Smith with as much of his command as can be spared, after leaving proper guards over his camps,&amp;c. The Yazoo has risen 6 feet, so that good-sized steamers can run up. I will order the quartermaster to have in readiness transportation for 2,500 men, including one battery of artillery. The troops should return as soon as the rebels are cleaned out.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT,

Vicksburg, MISS., July 11, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN, Comdg. Expedition:

DEAR GENERAL: Dispatches just received from General Banks announces the good news of the surrender of Port Hudson, with 5,000 prisoners and all the armament of the place. News came from the East of the defeat of Lee and his precipitate retreat, with Meade in full pursuit. I have nothing definite from you since the morning of the 9th, but, not hearing, suppose all is right. Is there any probability that Johnston may be receiving re-enforcements and intends standing? I have just learned from Yazoo City that all the steamers from above have just come down there, and that Johnston sent orders to press all the negroes that can be got, to prosecute the work of fortifying with all vigor. More than 1,000 negroes are said to be at work now. I immediately ordered a DIVISION from here to break them up. The well prisoners have been paroled and about out of town. The number reached near 25,000. There are still those in hospital, near 6,000, yet to parole, besides many escaped without paroling.

Hoping to hear of your giving Johnston a good thrashing and driving him beyond Pearl River, with the loss of artillery, transportation, and munitions of war, I remain, yours truly,

U. S. GRANT.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 135. Vicksburg, MISS., July 11, 1863.

I. Major General John A. Logan will immediately appoint three persons, one a commissioned officer, one a chaplain, to be selected from his com-

