
mand, and one citizen of reliable character, who will constitute a committee to visit the citizens of the town, point out the most needy and destitute, and issue to them provisions.

II. The quartermaster will furnish to them a storehouse, and provisions will be issued on requisitions approved by the commanding officer of the post.

III. Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom will detail from his command 800 men and a battery of artillery, provided with 100 rounds of ammunition and five days' rations, to be employed on an expedition to Natchez, MISS., for the purpose of collecting beef-cattle,&amp;c. The quartermaster of the department will furnish transportation. The expedition will be placed in command of a discreet colonel, who will at once report to Major-General Grant for special instruction.

By order of Major-General McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Vicksburg], July 11, 1863.

Major-General WASHBURN, Haynes' Bluff:

I am sending troops from here to Yazoo City.

U. S. GRANT.

Vicksburg, July 11, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Comdg. U. S. Army, Vicksburg:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that a copy of the communications relating to the capitulation of this place be furnished Major-General Smith, C. S. Army, as the communications were, through mistake, sent off in my trunk this morning, and I am unable to furnish him with a copy.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON.

Vicksburg, July 11, 1863.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I was personally informed by you on the night of the 8th that servants of officers desiring to accompany them beyond our lines would not be interfered with. I have been informed this morning that quite a number have been stopped and sent back. I respectfully request that you instruct the general officer in charge of the passage of my troops from the city that the servants be not interfered with, in accordance with your agreement mentioned above.

Very respectfully,

J. C. PEMBERTON.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY ARMY, Number 57. near Jackson, MISS., July 11, 1863.

There will be a general cannonading tomorrow, commencing at 7 a. m., lasting not to exceed one hour. Each gun will fire not to exceed thirty rounds, solid shot and shell in proper proportions. The shots will be directed against any groups of the enemy's troops, or in direc-

