
tion of the town of Jackson, which lies northwest and south of the State-house, plainly visible from all parts of our line.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. NINTH ARMY CORPS, July 11, 1863.

It is the commanding general's desire that you should to-night get as many rifled guns as possible in position, and covered by epaulments sufficient to resist the enemy's rifled guns. He wishes these guns to bear upon the State-house, and fire a little to its left and right, to damage the town and stampede the troops, rather than to fire upon the enemy's batteries. I have 450 spades and 60 picks. Half of them I will turn over to you after the sites are selected and marked out. Please have a regiment detailed for work on each battery, and let them be ready to commence work at dark, and, if possible, have it finished by daylight Please report progress, so that I can communicate it to General Sherman at daylight.

The general also wishes to have as much of the railroad destroyed as possible. Will you please make from your reserve such details as can be spared for this service? I have ordered a detail from the reserve of the NINTH Corps to effect the same object at the point where the cross-road of yesterday strikes the railway.

Yours, respectfully,

JNO. G. PARKE.

(To General W. S. SMITH and others.)
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH CORPS, July 11, 1863-1 p. m.

General LAUMAN,Commanding DIVISION:

GENERAL: If you have no regiment out on the reconnaissance, please send one, and direct it to proceed to the railroad, so as to strike it about 2 or 3 miles from the enemy's works, to proceed with caution near the railroad, reporting to you and me if the enemy show himself in force. Have a rear guard behind your train when you move, and hurry your movements. The enemy's cavalry are reported on the by-roads, 3 or 4 miles to the WEST of this.

General Hovey's DIVISION is in motion, and you ought to move parallel to it, and at same time. Keep Hovey's column in view, if you can.

E. O. C. ORD.

HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, July 11, 1863-1. 30 p. m.

General LAUMAN:

GENERAL: As the enemy may have some force on the railroad, should they show an infantry line in force (which is hardly probable), make a reconnaissance, and, if it is necessary to form a line and attack to drive the force, in front, do so, so at to keep your connection with General Hovey, who is the connection with the main corps. Have a small reserve, and keep it to your right and rear, as the right is the exposed reserve, and keep it to your right and rear, as the right is the exposed reserve, and keep it to your right and rear, as the right is the exposed flank. Do not put your batteries beyond infantry support, and report

