
gage, 80 miles, has occupied nearly three days, and in that time my troops, with all their equipage, marched 90 miles-from Opelousas to Alexandria. I also need more troops at once, to enable me to follow our success up, to the entire destruction of the enemy's forces in this department.

I have the honor to request that, if you can possibly spare them, you will send me as quickly as practicable a full DIVISION of infantry, embarked on two classes of transports; one with strong decks, for the transportation of artillery and cavalry, the other of very light draught, suitable for the navigation of bayous and shallow lakes. I shall b very glad if you send down with this DIVISION a small force of cavalry, as I made arrangements which will enable you to expect the return of Brigadier-General Grierson with his command to your headquarters within a week from this time. I have plenty of artillery. Barges are also much needed, of a kind which can be easily towed, transporting artillery, forage, and coal, and coal is urgently required for the steam transports. If twenty good barges could be immediately loaded with hay, oats, corn, and coal, both the barges and their cargoes would be of great service. As a matter of secondary importance, I would very much like to have three small steam tug-boats of light draught and good speed, to be used as dispatch-boats. I trust it will be in your power to send me the troops and steamers at once.

I am much gratified to hear of your continued success and the more than full confirmation of the magnitude of your achievement.

Very respectfully, general, your most obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS.

JULY 12, 1863.

General McARTHUR, Big Black River:

Hold yourself in readiness to move forward toward Jackson as soon as troops arrive to relieve you. Report by courier to General Sherman at once for orders where to go. Troops will probably reach Big Black River to-night.

U. S. GRANT.

HDQRS. DEPT, OF THE TENN., Vicksburg, July 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General McARTHUR:

GENERAL: Mower's brigade will leave here at daylight in the morning. You will move out as early as possible, leaving an officer to put Mower's brigade, when it arrives, in position at the bridge.

U. S. GRANT.

JULY 12, 1863.

General McARTHUR:

One brigade goes from here by rail and one brigade marches from Snyder's Bluff, to relieve your DIVISION. They are ordered to report to you for location. You will designate what they are to guard, and turn over such orders as you have received from General Sherman.

U. S. GRANT.

JULY 12, 1863.

General WASHBURN:

I am compelled to send McArthur's DIVISION forward to join Sherman. I can send but one brigade from here to relieve him, and must

