
therefore call on you for another. Send as soon as possible, the commander reporting by courier in advance to McArthur for his location.

U. S. GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS Fifteenth ARMY CORPS,Camp before Jackson, July 12, 1863-10 a. m.

Brigadier General John McARTHUR, Comdg. DIVISION, Black River:

DEAR GENERAL: Your kind note and gratifying dispatches are just received. * The news exceeds my best hope. Please, on all occasions, write me fully the news. I have met no accident or reverse. Nothing troubles me but water. Johnston has taken refuge in Jackson with all his army, variously estimated at figures similar to what we had before crossing the Black. The place has been completely fortified and strengthened, and the lines extended so as to rest on Pearl River. I have the place closely invested, and have this morning give them and hour's shelling. The full effect is not yet reported. All my trains are up, and I have ten days' rations in camp, and am within 35 miles of your depot, to which I hear cars are regularly moving. Please telegraph to have sent to you about 4,000 rounds of ammunition for 20-pounder Parrotts and 10,000 rounds of 6-pounder case shot, also 1,000,000 rounds of assorted musket ammunition, to be sent forward to me on call, or when you have reason to believe me in want.

You could make me feel more easy as to the enemy's cavalry threatening my communications if you would occasionally send an expedition to Raymond and Brownsville. Such expeditions could move from Messinger's or the bridge, could collect cattle and corn, as well as pick up parties disposed to attack my trains; but I will so arrange that all trains be well guarded. I send down to Clinton two regiments to escort in the wagon train brought up by Colonel Hall, and have it brought up here, instead of unloading at Clinton, when it returns. I will have it securely guarded.

I have sent out expeditions in certain directions, to fulfill General Grant's object, but cannot speak of them now. If General Grant sends out a new DIVISION, I want it posted on Baker's Creek, near Champion's Hill, to picket out well to the right and left, and forward to Bolton, the officer to send forward to me a report of his position. We are all in good health and spirits, in possession of all avenues out of Jackson this side of Pearl River, and are now threatening the rear.

W. T. SHERMAN.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Number 19. July 12, 1863.

I. Brigadier General J. G. Lauman is hereby relieved from the command of the Fourth DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps, and assigned to the Thirteenth Corps. He will turn over his command to Brigadier General A. P. Hovey, who will place it in position and ascertain its condition and casualties, and report to headquarters Thirteenth Army Corps.

II. Brigadier General J. G. Lauman, on being relieved from his command, will proceed to Vicksburg or General Grant's headquarters and report.

By command of Major General E. O. C. Ord:

WALTER B. SCATES.

Lieutenant Colonel and Asst. Adjt. General, Thirteenth Army Corps.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

