
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY ARMY, Numbers 58. near Jackson, July 12, 1863.

I. Lieutenant Colonel J. Condit Smith, chief quartermaster, will dispatch the supply train to Black River Bridge to report to General McArthur, commanding at that point, to await there orders for further supplies. The train will be escorted in by Colonel [William] Hall's regiment, of General McArthur's DIVISION, and another, regiment, to be detailed by General Steele.

II. General Steele will detail a regiment to escort this train to a point 5 miles WEST of Clinton, where it will encamp for the night, and return next day, unless its commander learns by the way some reasons why he should protect it further. The train will be made up to-night where it is now parked, one-half mile WEST of these headquarters, and start before daylight.

III. Corps commanders will avail themselves of this opportunity to send to Vicksburg such wounded and sick men as can bear transportation in these empty wagons; also all the worthless baggage and trash that now encumber the regimental wagons retained in their camps. The inspector-general, Lieutenant-Colonel [Charles] Ewing, will turn over to Colonel Hall all the prisoners of war in charge of the guard, to be delivered to General McArthur, for transportation to Vicksburg. Proper descriptive lists must accompany these prisoners, and a copy sent to General Grant's provost-marshal.

IV. Corps commanders should send forthwith to these headquarters requisitions for all ordnance stores, quartermaster's stores, and tools they require to be brought out by the next train.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman;

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY ARMY, Number 140. near Jackson, July 12, 1863.

Corps commanders will at once send guards on the roads to their rear, at least 3 miles out, to prevent and warn all paroled prisoners coming from Vicksburg from coming within the lines of this army or attempting to get into Jackson.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENN., Vicksburg, MISS., July 13, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Army investing Jackson, MISS.:

GENERAL: The object of the expedition you are commanding being to break up Johnston's army and divert it from our rear, and, if possible, to destroy the rolling stock and everything valuable for carrying on war, or placing it beyond the reach of the rebel army, you may return to Vicksburg as soon as this object is accomplished. Being on the spot, you will know better than I can how far your cavalry should be sent, either east or north. I do not think it necessary to send the cavalry farther than Black River Bridge. In case you send them there, after starting back here yourself, it might be better to let them return to Vicksburg by the roads WEST of the Black.

