
all they can get. I have plenty for an open field fight, but not enough to shell a town. I have my troops well disposed, and design you for a reserve. Please be sure to order the bridge at Messinger's to be carefully guarded. a regiment will be plenty. The depot and bridges at the railroad crossing should be perfected. You can leave a brigade anywhere at Champion's Hill to escort up the train, and come on to Clinton and Jackson. I cannot do much till the ammunition is up, by which time I can make the time pretty lively.

Halt the head of your column about 1 mile back of my headquarters and report in person.

W. T. SHERMAN.
HDQRS. DEPT, OF THE TENN., Vicksburg, MISS., July 14, 1863.

Major-General HERRON, Comdg. Yazoo Expedition:

GENERAL: You may remain in Yazoo City as long as Admiral Porter thinks necessary to save all that can be saved from the gunboats, or leave such a force as may be necessary for the protection of those engaged in that work, and return with the balance of your command.

Bring with you such Government stores as you can, and destroy all others. You may bring along the cotton mentioned in your letter, and particularly bring all the negro men you can.

I do not want you to remain longer at Yazoo City than may be absolutely necessary, because it may become necessary for me to send all the forces that can possibly be spared to Jackson.

Very respectfully,U. S. GRANT.

P. S. -Two regiments will be enough to leave at Yazoo City while the gunboats remain there. You will return here with the remainder of your command, as you may be needed below.

Vicksburg, July 14, 1863.

General SHERMAN:

Do you think Johnston is re-enforcing, so as to require more troops? If it becomes absolutely necessary, I will send everything but one brigade and the convalescents from here.

U. S. GRANT.

Vicksburg, MISS., July 14, 1863.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Two men who left Canton on Saturday morning report few troops there. A large amount of rolling-stock was sent north of the Yalabusha, some on each of the roads. When Johnston went into Jackson he sent all his cattle and wagon trains from Canton directly east to the Mobile road. They say he would not have stood in Jackson, only his troops said they would not go back.

U. S. GRANT.

HDQRS. EXPEDITIONARY ARMY, July 14, 1863-12 m.

Major General E. O. C. ORD, Comdg. Thirteenth Army Corps:

DEAR GENERAL: General Johnston has sent out a flag of truce, asking three hours to bury our dead. Firing will cease all along our lines

