
till 4 p. m., at which hour the pickets will resume their places and firing resumed. I have answered General Johnston, that if he will permit two or three subordinate officers of the regiments engaged to recognize the dead he would oblige us, and that, if he is willing, we will collect the dead and bury them. You may send forward a small party, making the same offer, at the point where the dead lay.

W. T. SHERMAN.
HDQRS. EXPEDITIONARY ARMY, July 14, 1863.

Major General J. G. PARKE, Comdg. NINTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Johnston has communicated by flag of truce, offering to bury our dead who fell at the time of Lauman's move, asking three hours' time. Of course I agree, and order firing to cease all along our lines till 4 p. m. Please cause a flag to be displayed as before. Allow still another hour before beginning the five-minute guns ordered this a. m.

W. T. SHERMAN.

[MEMORANDUM ORDERS.] HDQRS. EXPEDITIONARY ARMY,Camp before Jackson, July 14, 1863.

For artillery practice until the supply for a general cannonade comes out from the river (expected to-morrow night):

I. From General Parke's front: A rifle shot, aimed in the general direction of the State-house, enfilading the town of Jackson, to be fired every five minutes, day and night, and oftener, when the chief of artillery observes good effect.

II. From General Steele's front: A rifle shot directed at the State house, so as to enfilade the general line of works in front of General Parke. Also a Napoleon shot, or 6-pounder case shot, to reach and partially enfilade the works to the front of Blair's DIVISION, to be fired every five minutes, day and night, and oftener if the enemy shows masses of troops&gt;

III. From General Ord's front, Hovey's position: A rifle shot (10 or 20 pounder Parrott), directed at the road or line of communication from Jackson across Pearl River toward the east, chiefly at the bridge, to be fired every fie minutes, day and night, and oftener if the officer in charge sees evidences of the passage, either way, of wagons, horses, or men.

This fire, kept up with persevering consistency, will be very galling, and the enemy will be strongly tempted to sally. That is what we want, and the troops should be prepared for it at all times. They should be disposed so as to suffer as little as possible from the enemy's reply, sure to be drawn by this steady, unceasing cross-fire.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY ARMY, Number 141. Camp before Jackson, July 14, 1863.

I. An expedition, to be composed of Bussey's cavalry, Woods' brigade of Thayer's DIVISION, and Landgraeber's battery, with a company of pioneers, to be designated by General Steele, will be fitted out, ready

