
Our troops all landed, and the fight was going on all day of the 10th. We had gained possession of important positions. Great consternation prevails all through Mississippi. It is believed Joe Johnston was defeated at Jackson on 9th and 10th.

S. A. HURLBUT.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 14, 1863.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH, Comdg. District of Columbus:

GENERAL: I am much mortified at the surprise and capture of your force on outpost duty at Union City. It appears at this distance to be the result of criminal negligence. The system of breaking up cavalry into small squads is wrong, and proceeds from a desire to hold many minor points. The reputation of the Fourth Missouri has suffered since they came within this command. It is very necessary they should do something that may cover this disgrace. There are only 650 men with Biffle. Richardson has about 400. They were badly armed and equipped, but, since the captures made, are much better off in that respect. I sent on Sunday a force to Jackson after Biffle, and have ordered another regiment into that country, with instructions to clean him out. I shall also send a force to overrun Richardson. I cannot give you any cavalry or artillery. To send small bodies of cavalry to be put at isolated posts is to give them away to the enemy. You have certain posts to hold which are impregnable to any irregular force. Confine yourself to this, and when you move your cavalry move them in force. You must remember that I have to cover the north and south fronts of this railroad and to look after the left wing of Bragg's army on Bear Creek, and all this with inadequate force. Only constant activity saves my line.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MEMPHIS, Memphis, July 14, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT, Comdg. SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: Parties who have fled from the neighborhood of Richardson's camp report that he is still near Shelby Depot. His rolls are estimated to contain the names of 2,000 recruits and conscripts, but that he has not more than 200 actually in camp. I can hear nothing of the story which was current a day or two ago of his having artillery. Later information has no account of artillery.

Very respectfully,JAMES C. VEATCH.

Vicksburg, MISS., July 15, 1863-10 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

General Sherman has Jackson invested from Pearl River on the north to the river on the south. This has cut off many hundred cars from the Confederacy. Sherman says he has force enough, and feels no apprehension about the result. Finding Yazoo City was being fortified, I send General Herron there with his DIVISION. He captured several hundred prisoners, one gunboat, five pieces of heavy artillery, and all the public stores fell into our hands. The enemy burned three steamboats on the approach of the gunboats. The De Kalb was blown up, and sank in 15 feet of water, by the explosion of a torpedo. Finding that the enemy

