
Vicksburg, MISS., July 15, 1863.

General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN:

Some paroled officers, who have afflicted families to take out, have just been to see me for permission to buy forage from us beyond Jackson, saying that we could have the place tomorrow or next day, and they might be compelled to go, by their private conveyances, the whole length of the southern road. may not Johnston's sending his cavalry to this side of the river mean a retreat, and, by adopting this course, to cripple you? To prevent, Herron is ordered eastward toward Canton from Yazoo City, but I fear he will be too late to interrupt Johnston's cavalry.

U. S. GRANT.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Number 138. Vicksburg, MISS., July 15, 1863.

IX. All cotton within the lines of this command, in the trenches or batteries of any of the rebel or national works, will be collected, under the supervision of Lieutenant [James T. Conklin, acting chief quartermaster of the corps, taken to the levee, sent to Memphis, Tenn., and turned over to the United States Treasury agent.

By order of Major-General McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY ARMY,

Before Jackson, July 15, 1863.

Colonel L. F. HUBBARD, Comdg. Mower's Brigadier, Black River Bridge:

COLONEL: A heavy force of the enemy's cavalry has crossed Pearl River from the east to west, north of us. Be sure to see that the large train up is escorted by the brigade left for that purpose at Champion's Hill, and that they are cautioned against this cavalry. I will send infantry to the north to cut off this cavalry.

[W. T. SHERMAN.]

HDQRS. ARMY BEFORE JACKSON, Camp, July 15, 1863.

Colonel CYRUS BUSSEY, Chief of Cavalry:

SIR: The expedition to destroy the railroad to the north will start tomorrow early, the infantry and artillery under command of Colonel C. R. Woods, Seventy-sixth Ohio, and the cavalry under your immediate command. Colonel Woods is ordered to start early tomorrow, to proceed about 10 miles, and then destroy a section of about a mile by tearing up track and burning the ties, with the iron so placed on the piles as to bend from the heat of the fire. In the evening he will proceed about 10 miles farther, and then, halting for the night, will burn another section, with any bridges near. The next morning he will enter Canton, and there effectually break up the road, cars, depot, and everything that might be used to our injury.

You will proceed in such a manner as at all times to be in easy supporting distance, generally on his right flank, and will camp tomorrow night near him; on the following day move in concert with him and reach

