
Colonel Bussey will proceed to the railroad bridge across Black River, 12 miles beyond Canton, and destroy it. You will await his return, and, if he fails to destroy that bridge, you will call on him to accompany you. and proceed to destroy it with your infantry and artillery force.

If force to engage the enemy with your combined force of infantry, artillery, and cavalry, Colonel Bussey must of necessity command the whole, as his rank is from August 14, 1861, the date of his muster into service. Having completed the work of destruction, you will return to your DIVISION by such route as you may choose, loading on your return the wagons with corn or property useful to this army, and will gather and bring in beef, cattle, sheep, and hogs.

As you return, make a full detailed report.

W. T. SHERMAN.
HDQRS. NINTH ARMY CORPS, July 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General WELSH, Commanding DIVISION:

GENERAL: Owing to the rebel cavalry movement to our rear, I think it extremely important that the command should be unusually vigilant and prepared for the enemy at daybreak tomorrow. You will, therefore, please have such of your command as may not be in the trenches paraded under arms at 2 o'clock in the morning, and take position in line of battle. As your troops in front are relieved, they also will be place in line, ready to meet any attack from the front. You will please notify your battery commanders that they may be prepared, and I have to request you will please direct that the whole movement is made without noise or confusion. The less we let the enemy know of our movements the better.

JNO. G. PARKE.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, Port Hudson, July 15, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS, Comdg. Dept. of the Gulf, New Orleans:

GENERAL: Natchez, MISS., is occupied by our troops, under General Ranson. The following dispatch is just received from him:

NATCHEZ, MISS., July 14, 1863.

I have seized a large lot of cattle belonging to the C. S. Army, and am loading the transports going to you with them. I send my boat also, the Imperial, and ask that she may be returned as early as practicable.

T. E. G. RANSOM.

The steamer Sallie List has just arrived here laden with corn for our use. Passengers by the Sallie list who left Vicksburg on the 12th report that the Army of the Potomac has captured 32,000 of Lee's army. This seems to be newspaper report of that date. Longstreet and two other generals reported killed.

[RICHARD B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.]

HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENN., Vicksburg, MISS., July 15, 1863.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD, Comdg. Dept. of the Missouri:

GENERAL: Your letter of 8th instant* is just received. In answer,

I will give you a brief statement of the position of affairs here.

During

---------------

*See Series I, Vol., XXII, Part I, p. 18.

---------------

