
WASHINGTON, July 15, 1863-10. 24 a. m.

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis, Tenn.:

If General Sherman's movements have sufficiently occupied the enemy to render your lines safe, send all the forces you can spare to General Prentiss, to operate on Price's rear, if he advances toward Missouri.

H. W. HALLECK.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 15, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS, A. A. G., Dept. of the Tenn.:

SIR: If it be possible so to do, I request that Kimball's DIVISION may be ordered back to me as soon as practicable.

The evident intention of the enemy is to occupy WEST Tennessee with cavalry, and conscript until they can raise force enough to threaten the railroad or the river posts. Colonel Forrest's regular cavalry, 700 strong, with revolving rifles, are at or near Jackson, and, united with Biffle's and other bands, gave a severe fight to Colonel Hatch on the 13th at that place. They were defeated, with loss on our side of 30 to pursuing them toward Trenton.

Asboth has succeeded in losing most of his cavalry by surprises and sending out light expeditions under incompetent officers.

My cavalry are worked too hard. They have to clear the whole country WEST of the Tennessee and north of the road, as well as watch the front and left of the line.

If Kimball has his transportation, he should land about Commerce, and march in toward Coldwater Station, clearing Chalmers out, and moving thence where he may be ordered. He should have one good battery at least. By thus establishing himself, he can be moved to any point I may wish him.

If Johnston is driven out of the way east of Pearl, Kimball might land lower down, and, with his pioneers, build a bridge across the Tallahatchee, below Panola, taking that place in rear, and be of admirable service, and thence move up to me.

I hope no cavalry will be withdrawn from me at present, as the duty is enormous, and the line of country too heavy for the force I have.

S. A. HURLBUT.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH, Columbus:

GENERAL: Hatch, with his cavalry, met the enemy at Jackson on the 13th. Captured 40 prisoners; killed and wounded many. Drove them out of Jackson by a charge, and was following them toward Trenton. If they are driven across the Obion, you must co-operate with him. in the meanwhile, enjoin and enforce the most rigid discipline and preparation at all your posts. I expect Kimball's DIVISION soon, when I shall send you three regiments.

S. A. HURLBUT.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENN., Vicksburg, MISS., July 16, 1863.

General N. P. BANKS, Comdg. Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: The wounded and sick rebels in hospitals here have proven themselves so troublesome that I acceded with great promptness to the

