
place. My route will be south of Benton, crossing Black River at or near Warsaw. I shall go to Canton, or near that place, and will carry out your orders in regard to the cavalry force. In regard to the cavalry force, there is no force of the enemy near here, except a small body of cavalry at Alexandria.

Captain Walke arrived yesterday afternoon with your first order, and I had prepared to leave, intending to move at 10 o'clock this morning.

They are making very good progress in getting out the guns from the De Kalb, and will finish tomorrow. I send down by this boat the well prisoners I have taken, viz, 122 privates and 7 officers. I have paroled 1 officer and 146 men from the hospitals. I shall cross Big Black tomorrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON.

HDQRS. ARMY BEFORE JACKSON, MISS., July 16, 1863.

Commanding Officer at Clinton:

Be vigilant. It is reported a cavalry force has crossed Pearl River 15 miles north of us.

[W. T. SHERMAN.]

HDQRS. ARMY BEFORE JACKSON, Camp, July 16, 1863.

Major General J. G. PARKE, Comdg. NINTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: Yours of this date is received. I think it best you require your skirmishers to force the enemy to keep to their intrenchments. It has a good moral effect. I hear of our trains at Clinton. I sent a brigade there last night, and this morning, on our wire being cut, and hearing evidence of the appearance of that cavalry force at Clinton, I ordered McArthur back. The cavalry, 1,500 strong, attacked Clinton at 10 a. m., and were handsomely repulsed. General McArthur will forward the train, and I want to be ready to give the enemy a good-night dose. General Steele will send you a wagon-load of spades and shovels. Get everything ready for a good cannonading to-night, and I will send the ammunition as soon as received.

W. T. SHERMAN.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENN., Vicksburg, MISS., July 17, 1863.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON, Comdg. SEVENTEENTH A. C.:

GENERAL: You will assume temporary command of all the troops in the vicinity of Vicksburg belonging to the Thirteenth, Fifteenth, and SIXTEENTH Army Corps, left behind when their corps moved against Johnston. Break up their present camps and move them inside the fortifications, encamping the troops of each corps separately and under the command of a competent field officer of the respective corps, and, in the absence of such competent officer or officers, designate one from your corps for such command. The convalescents, as fast as they are able, will be sent forward to their respective corps, but in all cases under competent and reliable officers. All officers and men found outside the lines here without proper authority, or stragglers back to this

