
tions in regard to your expedition. They are all countermanded, and the general commanding desires you to observe the following, instead of those heretofore promulgated:

1. You will immediately return to these headquarters, near the Insane Asylum, destroying the ferry and all means of crossing the river that you may have collected.

2. You will [as] effectually tear up the railroad as you can, piling the rails on top of fires built of the sleepers, bending the rails, and destroying all culverts, &amp;c.

3. You will meet General Smith's command or a brigade of it, tearing up the road from this point toward you.

4. You will keep a sufficient number of men continually under arms, say a regiment, more or less, as you may judge proper, to guard against surprise.

5. The work should be done as speedily and as thoroughly as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, July 17, 1863.

General WELSH, Commanding DIVISION:

GENERAL: General Potter reports a movement of the enemy to the left, with artillery and wagons, and has ordered Colonel Griffin's brigade under arms. He will report further on the return of his staff officer from the front. It may be that I shall have to order your DIVISION under arms. Please be prepared for it; and should General Potter require immediate assistance, you will please render it without waiting for orders from me.

Your obedient servant,JNO. G. PARKE.

NEAR JACKSON, MISS., July 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General WELSH,

Commanding First DIVISION, NINTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you move your DIVISION immediately on receipt of this order, in accordance with the copy of order from General Sherman of 17th instant.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY BEFORE JACKSON, Numbers 59. Camp, July 17, 1863.

The enemy having evacuated the town of Jackson and retreated eastward, the following disposition will be observed:

I. General Steele, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will, in pursuance of previous orders, occupy the town with one DIVISION (Blair's), and will maintain order and good discipline within the limits of the place, repressing all pillage, plundering, and rowdyism, to which end he will be authorized to collect all stragglers and men on horseback having no

