
orders or business from proper authority, taking the horses for the use of the quartermaster's department, and putting the men to work on the destruction of the railroad. General Steele will make details, and cause the railroad and bridges to be thoroughly destroyed, with all cars, machinery, and appliances of the railroad within the limits of the intrenchments.

II. General Ord, commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, will group his corps convenient to water and the Raymond road, prepared for any event that may arise. He will keep one brigade steadily at work destroying railroad to the south.

III. General Parke will group his corps convenient to the Lunatic Asylum and water, and will dispatch one DIVISION up the Canton road, to the vicinity of Grant's Mills, with a good detachment at the crossing of Pearl River. If a bridge be there, it will be kept; if destroyed, the materials for another should be collected, with a view to cross eastward; also a brigade continuously engaged in destroying railroad track northward. The detached DIVISION will be instructed to keep a bright lookout for cavalry to the rear, and will also destroy a section of railroad near their camp.

IV. All batteries will fill their chests with ammunition, and the infantry will refill their cartridge-boxes. Provisions and wagons on hand will be distributed equally, retaining in the hands of the chief commissary a small reserve supply for contingencies and to relieve starving people. Roll calls will be carefully made at retreat to day, and all men properly accounted for. Each corps commander will see that his corps is provided in all respects for five days, and will report any causes of inability to march. All the ambulances and empty wagons of the army must be held in readiness to carry the sick and wounded back to Black River.

V. General McArthur will hold his DIVISION on the road at Clinton and Champion's Hill, to cover the road against incursions of guerrillas or cavalry, and will cause the repair of the telegraph to these headquarters.

VI. All parties intrusted with destroying the railroad should be impressed with the vast importance of the work. One day's work of the Fifteenth Army Corps at Jackson in May prevented Johnston handling his troops and material in the campaign, now made complete by the retreat from Jackson.

Let us now so destroy this railroad that it cannot be used "during the war. "

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY ARMY, Number 144. near Jackson, MISS., July 17, 1863.

General Steele will occupy the town of Jackson with one DIVISION. The line of pickets will occupy the parapet. The rest of the troops will be kept well in hand in their present position and prepare for a movement on short notice. All straggling must be prevented.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

