
escape in that direction, I can wait, I think, safely the result of your operations with Johnston. Then I pray you give me your aid. The corps you propose to send me will be of infinite assistance. It is my belief that Johnston, when defeated by you, as I am confident he will be, will fall back upon Mobile. Such is also the expectation of the rebels. The capture of Mobile is of importance SECOND only in the history of the war to the opening of the Mississippi. I hope you will be able to follow him. I can aid you somewhat by land and sea, if that shall be your destination. Mobile is the last stronghold in the WEST and Southwest. No pains should be spared to effect its reduction. I beg you, general, to accept my congratulations on the triumphant success of your campaign, and the assurance of my very great pleasure in being able to co-operate with you.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS.

Vicksburg, MISS., July 18, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN:

Continue the pursuit as long as you have reasonable hopes of favorable results, but do not wear your men out. When you stop the pursuit, return by easy marches to the vicinity of this place.

U. S. GRANT.

Vicksburg, MISS., July 18, 1863.

General SHERMAN, Jackson, MISS.:

It was only on the grounds of occupying Jackson for the present that I proposed to spare the ears you captured. When you leave, leave nothing of value for the enemy to carry on war with. I would like the road destroyed east of Jackson as far as possible.

A portion of Grierson's command passed here to-day, with rebel officers. The remainder will be up in a day or two, and will go on to WEST Tennessee to join their command. Grierson is very anxious to get back there, to get his troops together. He has no whole company together with him. By having him there, I can organize a large cavalry force under his command, to make a big raid through the eastern part of the State, or wherever required.

U. S. GRANT.
HDQRS. ARMY AT JACKSON, July 18, 1863.

Major General E. O. C. ORD, Comdg. Thirteenth Army Corps:

DEAR GENERAL: As explanatory of the reasons for not pursuing and pushing Johnston's retreating forces, I am desirous you should reduce to writing the substance of what you said yesterday touching the physical condition of your corps.

The telegraph is repaired back to Vicksburg, and General Grant evidently wants me to push after Johnston. Keep your men well in camp, and be prepared to move, but report to me the reasons, if any, why the Thirteenth Army Corps is unable to push farther into the interior.

I will send Steele out as far as Brandon, some 12 miles.

I am, &amp;c.,W. T. SHERMAN.

