
copies of orders to Brigadier General A. J. Smith and Colonel L. B. Parsons, and of a communication to Rear-Admiral D. D. Porter.

Your most obedient servant,

WALTER B. SCATES,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Number 1.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Before Vicksburg, February 13, 1863.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,Commanding Tenth DIVISION, Thirteenth Army Corps:

Admiral Porter informs me, of this date, that two regiments of rebels, with artillery, have been sent up the Sunflower to annoy vessels passing Greenville.

Send a brigade, with a suitable complement of artillery, and all available cavalry, without delay, to defeat the purpose of the enemy, and to disperse or capture any of his detachments that may be found in that vicinity on either side of the Mississippi River.

Let the brigade to be sent by you take seven days' rations and an adequate supply of ammunition. If, however, suitable articles of subsistence can be found in the country in the hands of disloyal citizens, let them be used instead of rations taken along.

The commander of the brigade will see that nothing is done or taken by his officers or men except by his authority. It is expected that he will return within a week, or at the earliest practicable moment consistent with the purpose of his expedition. Transports to convey the brigade have been ordered. You direct Colonel Parsons, master of transportation, where will be the most convenient place for the brigade to embark, in order that he may send the necessary number of vessels to that place. Let me know when the expedition has started.

By order of Major General John A. McClernand:

WALTER B. SCATES,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Number 2.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Before Vicksburg, February 13, 1863.

Colonel PARSONS:

On notice from Brigadier General A. J. Smith, please cause a sufficient number of transports to be laid along shore, where he may indicate, for the reception of a brigade of 1,900 men, with artillery, and one or two companies of cavalry.

By order of Major General John A. McClernand:

WALTER B. SCATES,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Number 3.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Camp before Vicksburg, February 13, 1863.

Rear-Admiral DAVID D. PORTER,Comdg. Mississippi Squadron:

ADMIRAL: Your note of this date to Major-General Grant, in his absence, was referred to these headquarters.

To meet the threatened attack upon our transports by the forces you

