
rounds musket ammunition was brought back to Natchez with the teams captured, and 268,000 rounds, besides artillery ammunition, destroyed. It seems to me now that Mobile should be captured, the expedition starting from some point on Lake Pontchartrain. There is much sickness in my command now, from long and excessive marching and labor. I will co-operate as soon as possible with General Schofield, so as to give him possession of the line of Arkansas. Shall I retain or send back the NINTH Army Corps?

U. S. GRANT.
HDQRS. 16TH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., July 18, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Tenn., Vicksburg, MISS.:

COLONEL: I inclose telegraphic report from General Dodge of Hatch's movement upon rebel force at Jackson, Tenn. *

It is very serious labor for my cavalry to cover this whole region, but I think they do it with singular success. If by any possibility I could induce or compel similar activity in Asboth's command, it would relieve me very much, but he is constantly the victim of false and alarming reports.

His last report is, that he is informed by reliable citizens that Pillow with 6,000 men is at or near Paris. This is out of whole cloth, and is, I think, a story got up in Mayfield to influence the coming election. The district of Columbus is a very important one, both in a military and political point of view, and it is necessary that it should be commanded by a different officer. I require for that post a man of sense and judgment, of courage and discretion, who will handle affairs with coolness and with knowledge of the peculiarities of the people and of the position. If you have such an officer, I desire that General Asboth my be relieved. This district gives me more trouble than all the rest.

I forwarded to you the dispatch from the General-in-Chief, and await orders.

A very considerable force is gathering along the line of Bear Creek, and down to Okolona, which, in my judgment, indicates the abandonment of Mississippi WEST of Mobile and Ohio Railroad.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Number 195. Vicksburg, MISS., July 19, 1863.

II. General B. H. Grierson will proceed on the steamers on which his command is embarked to Memphis, Tenn., and report to Major General S. A. Hurlbut, commanding, for duty.

IV. Brigadier General Hugh T. Reid, with the white regiments under his command, will proceed from Lake Providence, La., to this place, and report to Major General James B. McPherson, commanding SEVENTEENTH Army Corps, to which he belongs.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

