
and please say to Captain Selfridge I regret exceedingly that I was called off so suddenly as not even to say good-bye to him.

Most sincerely and truly, your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN.

HDQRS. ARMY AT JACKSON, MISS., July 19, 1863.

General BLAIR, Commanding in Jackson:

DEAR GENERAL: It is now determined when the railroad north and south is sufficiently destroyed and that it is ascertained officially that Johnston has not halted in force near Brandon, that we will all return across Black River. You will, therefore, cause all cars to be burned up, and cotton and other materials that have been army be used in war against us to be thoroughly consumed by fire.

Please keep a few couriers at the bridge to bring me the earliest news of General Steele. I must stay here some hours, expecting word from Canton, but if I leave camp I shall ride to your headquarters.

W. T. SHERMAN.

[JULY 19, 1863.]

Colonel HUBBARD, Big Black Bridge:

Call in your brigade to the railroad bridge. When General McArthur arrives day after tomorrow, move your brigade to Messinger's, and collect there all the provisions you can for the Fifteenth Army Corps. We have driven the enemy far beyond Brandon, where the heat and drought are doing more execution than bullets. We have destroyed the railroad 40 miles north and 60 south, and have devastated the land for a wide circuit. Ord's corps will return to Vicksburg, Parke's to Haynes' Bluff, and mine to Messinger's and Bear Creek. Study the ground well, so that DIVISION at Fox's, one at Messinger's, one near mouth of Bear Creek, and one at Young's. We will probably march in slowly, starting tomorrow or day after.

[W. T. SHERMAN.]

[JULY 19, 1863.]

General McARTHUR, Clinton:

Our detachments north, south, and east have all done well, and the enemy is in fully retreat for Alabama. I will not pursue much beyond Brandon, where Steele now is. Parke returns to Haynes' Bluff via Brownsville. Ord returns to Vicksburg via Raymond. Stele will go to Messinger's via Clinton and Bolton. I will send 600 prisoners of war, under escort of a regiment, to you this evening. Please take them, by slow and easy marches, starting tomorrow evening, to Black River, and send them in by the cars to the provost-marshal at Vicksburg. A written order to this effect will come with the prisoners. The regiment which accompanies the prisoners will remain at Clinton till Steele's corps passes through.

[W. T. SHERMAN.]

HDQRS. ARMY AT JACKSON, Camp, July 19, 1863.

Major General E. O. C. ORD, Comdg. Thirteenth Army Corps:

DEAR GENERAL: I only await positive official knowledge that our forces have destroyed the railroad bridges and track north and south,

