
as ordered, and that General Johnston has not halted in force anywhere near Brandon, to move our army back behind Black River. I propose your return route via Raymond, Edwards Depot, and the railroad bridge. I beg you to make all preparations in advance, that when the order is made you will prepared. While waiting the return of our detachments, we cannot be better employed than in destroying railroad, cotton, and other property that has been, or may be, used against us in war.

W. T. SHERMAN.
HDQRS. ARMY AT JACKSON, Camp, July 19, 1863.

Major General J. G. PARKE, Comdg. NINTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: You may give the necessary orders and make all preparations to move the two DIVISIONS of your present command, which belong properly to the NINTH Army Corps, back to Milldale or Vicksburg, to report by letter, and on arrival personally to General Grant. I wish you to move through or near Brownsville, and by way of the bridge at Messinger's, as the route will be a new one and will afford you forage and meat by the way, and there is a military propriety in consuming as much of these as possible between the Black and Pearl Rivers. Otherwise select your own route and times of marching and halting, only maintaining good order on the way, and so timing your march that your present stock of provisions will last, or you could let your wagons go ahead after the first day's march, so as to reach your depot and bring you out stores at any point you may designate. I only await official notice that our troops are in possession of Canton and have destroyed the bridge beyond, and that Johnston has not halted in force in the neighborhood of Brandon, to make this order positive, but you may safely count on this conclusion during the present day. I will endeavor to meet you and some of your officers in the course of the day.

W. T. SHERMAN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Near Jackson, July 19, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. JACKSON, Comdg. Confederate Cavalry, Brandon:

SIR: I send Captain Dayton, of my personal staff, to receive a flag of truce, unexpectedly appearing on the other side of Pearl River, with instructions to conduct the party to the Governor's mansion, where I will meet them this evening and give respectful attention to the subject matter of the communication. Lieutenant Butler will be properly received and entertained till morning, when he will be dispatched with answer. But in the mean time certain measures in progress affecting your welfare cannot be suspended, and, if necessary, you can confer with General Steele on the main road east.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD, Number 60. Jackson, MISS., July 19, 1863.

I. The enemy having evacuated his intrenchments and escaped eastward by the aid of his railroad, the general commanding announces to all that the purposes for which we sallied forth from the line of the Big

