
Vicksburg, MISS., July 21, 1863, VIA CAIRO, ILL., July 26.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I am sending one DIVISION from here to Helena, to move after General Price. These are all the troops I have, not worn out with fatigue. Troops from Jackson not yet returned. I will send other troops to Helena, to release that entire garrison to go after Price.

U. S. GRANT.

Vicksburg, MISS., July 21, 1863.

General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN:

I am very much opposed to any trade whatever until the rebellion in this part of the country is entirely crushed out. Secretary Chase differs, however, and the special agent of the Treasury is now on the way here to arrange this matter. I received a letter to-day from the special agent and one from Chase, inclosing a copy of his letter to the agent. When he arrives, we will fix some plan by which citizens can get necessary supplies for such produce as they have. I want it arranged so that no citizen shall be allowed to come to trade. I would make no proposition about neutral territory.

U. S. GRANT.

MESSINGER'S, July 21, 1863-2 p. m.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

My advance reached this point this p. m. General Sherman ordered us to return to our old camp at Milldale and report by letter in advance. Our men suffered to-day from the heat, but will probably be able to move tomorrow. In case we are to take transports, shall we march to Snyder's Bluff or Vicksburg? The courier will wait a reply at the telegraph office.

JNO. G. PARKE.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENN., Vicksburg, MISS., July 21, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT, Comdg. SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: Sherman has driven Johnston from Jackson. The latter is now retreating eastward, with his whole army much demoralized and deserting in great numbers, and no doubt many falling by the wayside, from heat, dust, and drought. My army, from long marches, battles, and the extraordinary length of the siege, is much broken, and must have rest. Two DIVISIONS of the SIXTEENTH Corps are now at Jackson; the remaining one [Kimball's] is here, and is in fact the only troops I have fit to make a move. These I have ordered to be in readiness to go to Helena as soon as transportation can be provided. This, I think, will be within two days. Johnston's army is so broken that no danger need be apprehended from them for the next thirty days or more. I shall as soon as possible send some odd regiments to you. They are weak, ineffective men, but will no doubt recuperate rapidly by the change.

I am sending artillery from here to complete the armament at Helena, and can send as much as you want for Memphis. Captain Comstock, chief engineer, has now gone up to see just what is required for both places. I cannot believe that any portion of your command is in any danger from anything more than a cavalry raid, but your opportunities

