
refer to, I have ordered Brigadier General A. J. Smith to send a brigade to Greenville, and all his available cavalry, and to capture or disperse the enemy on either bank of the river.

Your co-operation, with such number of gunboats as you may deem necessary, is respectfully invited. The expedition will sail by to-morrow afternoon, with seven days' rations.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

JOHN A. McClernand.
HDQRS. DIST. OF EAST. Arkansas, February 14, 1863.

Major-General McClernand,Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have assumed command at this point, and shall strive to improve condition of troops in this district. General Grant expresses a desire to render his aid to bring about a change for the better. I have conferred with the general officers here, or most of them, and find that they are in favor of the expedition up Arkansas River that you mentioned to me. Generals Washburn, Gorman, and Ross will urge it. I have faith in the expedition, and trust it will be ordered if it will not interfere with the effort to take Vicksburg. I feel entirely convinced that, by depriving our enemies of the resources they obtain much to quell the rebellion as the capture of Vicksburg. The reports from this command will be forwarded after this. Rest assured I will SECOND you in the effort to advance the interest of our country.

Respectfully,

B. M. PRENTISS.

MEMPHIS, TENN., February 14, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

COLONEL: The following dispatch has just been received from Brigadier General G. M. Dodge:

CORINTH, February 14, 1863.

Couriers in from my cavalry in Alabama report Van Dorn's force as still passing north, and crossing at Florence. They have had several skirmishes with them. Have taken a number of prisoners.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.

MEMPHIS, TENN., February 14, 1863.

Major General C. S. HAMILTON,

La Grange:

Van Dorn was crossing at Florence yesterday. Push your movement as rapidly as consistent, and report by telegraph when they move.

S. A. HURLBUT.
HDQRS. SEVENTH DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., February 14, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Comdg. District of WEST Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the expedition which I sent out across Nonconnah Creek after forage yesterday returned late

