
are so much better for knowing than mine, that I leave it to you entirely to make the necessary disposition of the forces at your command.

If any more troops are required to operate against Price, I will have to send Herron, who is now returning from an exhausting march from Yazoo City to Canton and return. The forces going from here will be providedsportation and artillery. It is probable if any move is made against Price, Ord will go in command, but of this I am not yet certain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT.

[JULY 21, 1863. -For Grant to Schofield, in reference to operations against Price in Arkansas and Missouri, see Series I, VOL. XXII, Part II, p. 385.]

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 21, 1863.

VIA CAIRO, ILL., July 23.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Scout just in from Okolona; left Sunday, 10 a. m. Reports Bragg going to Joe Johnston. Joe Johnston at Brandon. Left Jackson 16th. No news of fall of Charleston to 17th, but said to be in papers of 18th. Davis has issued a proclamation calling out every white man from eighteen to forty-five. Lee acknowledged whipped. Joe Johnston retreated to save Bragg. Ruggles concentrating his forces. Impression is he intends to evacuate, and citizens expect us to take possession of the country. Papers of the 17th show great consternation all over the country. No doubt Johnston stopped at Brandon.

S. A. HURLBUT.

CORINTH, July 21, 1863.

Colonel MERSY:

I cannot move my cavalry; it is under orders. Tell Colonel Phillips to watch Ruggles. I think he is preparing to evacuate. [George E.] Spencer just arrived from Okolona; says he has some move on hand. Watch him close, but don't attack unless sure of victory. I will be able to move in a few days, and shall then want Phillips to move with me when he returns. Have him leave a few scouts to watch movements.

G. M. DODGE.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENN., Vicksburg, July 22, 1863.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,President of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

I would most respectfully, but urgently, recommend the promotion of Major General W. T. Sherman, now commanding the Fifteenth Army of Corps, and Major General J. B. McPherson, commanding the SEVENTEENTH Army Corps, to the position of brigadier-general of the Regular Army. *

The first reason for this is their great fitness for any command that it may ever become necessary to intrust to them.

SECOND. Their great purity of character, and disinterestedness in anything except the faithful performance of their duty and the success of every one engaged in the great battle for the preservation of the Union.

---------------

*See Halleck to Grant, July 11, p. 498.

---------------

