
ions of General McPherson's corps and Hovey's DIVISION of the Thirteenth Corps. In the assault of the 22nd of May on the fortifications of Vicksburg, and during the entire siege, General McPherson and his command won unfading laurels. He is one of our ablest engineers and most skillful generals. The promotion of such men as Sherman and McPherson always adds strength to our arms.

U. S. GRANT.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Number 198. Vicksburg, MISS., July 22, 1863.

The One hundred and eighth, One hundred and thirteenth, One hundred and twentieth, and One hundred and thirty-first Regiments Illinois Volunteers, will proceed without delay to Memphis, Tenn., and report to Major General Stephen A. Hurlbut, commanding the SIXTEENTH Army Corps, for orders, taking with them their camp and garrison equipage . Their land transportation will be turned over to the quartermaster's department.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 22, 1863-11. 30 a. m.

Major-General GRANT, Vicksburg, MISS.:

Yours of the 15th and 18th just received. Should Johnston escape and join Bragg, the NINTH Corps must be sent to Rosecrans by quickest route. If not, it may be used elsewhere. Before attempting Mobile I think it will be best to clean up a little. Johnston should be disposed of; also Price, Marmaduke, &amp;c., so as to hold the line of the Arkansas River. This will enable us to withdraw troops from Missouri, Vicksburg, and Port Hudson, remodeled so as to be tenable by small garrisons; also assist General Banks in cleaning out Western Louisiana. When these things are accomplished there will be a large available force to operate either on Mobile or Texas. The navy is not ready for co-operation. Should Fort Sumter fall, iron-clads can be sent to assist at Mobile. Please send copy to General Banks.

H. W. HALLECK.

Vicksburg, MISS., July 22, 1863.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Commanding SEVENTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: No more details of white troops will be made for work on the fortifications in the vicinity of Vicksburg at present. Negro troops will be brought here for that purpose. During the present hot weather it is necessary to save our men as much as possible from fatigue duty in the sun.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

