
JULY 22, 1863.

General PARKE:

Encamp your corps where it will be pleasant and healthy, until further orders. I have not got the transportation to move you now, owing to the unexpected calls that have been made for boats, and have no instructions yet from the General-in-Chief. I telegraphed him to know if your corps was to return to Burnside's department.

U. S. GRANT.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Number 61. Jackson, MISS., July 22, 1863.

I. Having completely fulfilled the objects of our movement on Jackson, the several DIVISIONS will move tomorrow morning early, going as far as Clinton the first day, to Baker's Creek, near Bolton, the next day, and to their camps on Black River the THIRD day, as follows:

Tuttle's DIVISION on Bear Creek, near Markham's and Young's; Ewing's DIVISION near Black River, above Messinger's Bridge and the road; Steele's DIVISION near Black River, and below Messinger's Bridge and the road; Blair's DIVISION near Widow Fox's.

All camps will be laid out with regard to order, police, health, and cleanliness, face to the east, with DIVISION and brigade lines of battle so places that guard mountings and parades may be conducted on the proper color lines.

DIVISION commanders should conduct their commands to the neighborhood of the points indicated, and there select with some care the sites of the camps, and give immediate orders on the subject of sinks, drinking water, bathing, &amp;c.

After unloading regimental wagons, they can be dispatched, provided with written orders of the DIVISION commander, to Vicksburg, to bring out the camp and garrison equipage . The probabilities are, that we will rest through the heat of the summer in these camps, and too much care cannot be taken in making the first choice of ground and then keeping it clean.

II. General Steele will give all the necessary orders of march on the road, and command the corps until General Sherman reports to General Grant in person at Vicksburg, and returns to the camps on Black River, to resume the command of his corps proper. His headquarters will be near Parson Fox's, on the Vicksburg road.

The general commanding expects the march back to Black River and forming the camps there to be done in perfect order, after which he will favor such short furloughs as are consistent with the interests of the Government and of the soldier.

Quartermasters and commissaries will take notice, and make the proper arrangements for supplies.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 22, 1863.

General WASHBURN:

The boats of the Marine Brigade will be up tomorrow. They will be able to take five or six regiments, with five or six wagons to each regiment. Have that number of Kimball's troops ready to embark, and star

