
off immediately, to debark at Helena. The scarcity of transports is such that we will have to send the DIVISION off by brigades if we can do no better. Price is said to be moving toward Southeastern Missouri. Schofield is moving a force to drive him back. I am ordered from Washington to send a force from Helena to cut off all retreat.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

Vicksburg, MISS., July 22, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT, Comdg. SIXTEENTH A. C.:

GENERAL: I am sending Kimball's DIVISION to Helena, and shall send to you some five or six regiments now weakened by sickness. These latter will be able to do garrison duty in Tennessee, and release other troops that are fully rested to join the expedition after Price.

Unless Ord chooses to go on this expedition himself, in person, I think I shall add the district of Northeastern Arkansas to your corps, and leave it optional with you who shall command.

I will send you an officer to command the District of Columbus, but cannot say just yet who it will be. I would send General [W. S.] Smith, but his health is so broken that he must go north. How would Hovey or Morgan L. Smith do?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT.

Vicksburg, MISS., July 22, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT, Comdg. SIXTEENTH A. C.:

GENERAL: Furloughs may be given to soldiers on surgeons' certificates for thirty days. These furloughs will only be given to such soldiers as are not likely to be fit for military duty for the time their furloughs are for, and at the same time to men who are likely to recover so as to be fit for field service. All others will either be placed in the invalid corps or be discharged. I have directed the medical director to instruct surgeons how certificates are to be given.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT.

GERMANTOWN, TENN., July 22, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE, A. A. G., SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

COLONEL: On Sunday last, General Chalmers had left Panola some days previous and gone to Oakland or Coffeeville with Colonel Starke's and McCulloch's command. General George was in command at Panola, with Colonel Jackson. Colonel McGuirk was in command at Senatobia. Lieutenant-Colonel Edmonson was in command at Coldwater Station, with Colonel Blythe's command. One company as pickets at Byhalia, one at Cockrum's Cross-Roads, and the fords across Coldwater all picketed. Colonel Blythe was at home, conscripting for another regiment. I have not heard from Colonel Richardson since I returned from the scout north. If he returns, shall hear of it.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. F. McCrillis,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

