
Vicksburg, MISS., July 23, 1863.

General WASHBURN:

All the marine boats will be up. General Ellet does not consent to leave his boats, but takes up his whose command, horses and all; hence the limited number of men they can take. They are not subject to my orders, or it would be different. I will make inquiries about the Kennett, and let you know as soon as possible.

U. S. GRANT.

CLINTON, July 23, 1863.

We, citizens of Clinton, MISS., having received from the United States 15,000 rations for subsistence for destitute people in Clinton and vicinity, pledge our honor that the same shall be equitably distributed, and that none of the stores shall be convertible to the use of the troops of the so-called Confederate States.

M. TANNER.

W. W. DUNTON.

W. HILLMAN.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENN., Vicksburg, MISS., July 24, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 11th instant is just received. Since that date you must have received a number of dispatches from me, and before this reaches you, you will receive my official reports of the campaign and siege just ended.

I have sent Banks one DIVISION, numbering full 4,000 effective men. About 7,000 are going up the river, over 5,000 of them to Helena, and the remainder (enfeebled regiments) to WEST Tennessee, to do garrison duty there and relieve fresh troops for the field. I have turned over to General Hurlbut all the directions for the expedition against Price. He is nearer and has better and speedier means of getting information than I have. I hear from General Banks every few days. He feels no alarm, or expresses none to me now, for the safety of his position. With the troops and transports I have sent him, he will find no difficulty in keeping the river clear from Port Hudson down. Above that I will take care of the river. My troops from Jackson are now arriving. The railroads from there in every direction are destroyed beyond repair for this summer. The enemy have lost an immense amount of rolling-stock by Sherman's expedition. Johnston's army was much demoralized, and deserted by the hundreds. I do not believe he can get back to Mobile or Chattanooga with an effective force of 15,000 men. The army paroled here were virtually discharged the service. At last accounts Pemberton had but 4,000 left with him, and they were no doubt men whose homes are in the State east of here, and are only waiting to get near them to desert, too.

The country is full of these paroled prisoners, all of them swearing they will not take up arms again if they are exchanged. Thousands have crossed the Mississippi River, and gone west; many buy passages north, and quite a number expressed a strong anxiety to enlist in our service. This, of course, I would not permit.

The NINTH Army Corps has just returned from Jackson, and will return to Burnside as fast as transportation can be provided.

My troops are very much exhausted, and entirely unfit for any present duty requiring much marching. But, by selecting, any duty of imme-

