
and other items of prime necessity from New Orleans. Can any privileges of this kind be given?

If consisted with the interests of thld like to have a reasonable number of my men furloughed, as contemplated in the thirty-SECOND section of the conscription act, p. 19, General Orders, Numbers 73, Adjutant-General's Office, current series. Shall I forward any such applications?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. E. G. RANSON.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENN., Vicksburg, MISS., July 24, 1863.

Major General MARTIN L. SMITH, C. S. Army:

Your note of this date just received. I have authorized the provost-marshal-general the furloughing of all paroled prisoners who have returned to our lines, when it is their desire to receive furloughs. It will be optional with these prisoners, however, to go north as prisoners however, to go north as prisoners of war, if they prefer it. It is impossible to furnish boats further than they are now being furnished. It is impossible to furnish any boats for several days.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,U. S. GRANT.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENN., Vicksburg, MISS., July 24, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT, Comdg. SIXTEENTH A. C.:

I am sending Kimball's DIVISION to Helena. These are the only troops I have not worn out with long and fatiguing marches through the dust and heat. In addition to this DIVISION, I will send several regiments that are the most reduced by sickness to Memphis, thus enabling you to take well regiments for field service.

I am so far away, and know nothing of Price's movements except what is contained in the dispatches forwarded by you, that I shall instruct the troops going to Helena, and those now there, to report to you for orders. In fact, I think it will be best to add all territory in the department as far south as the Arkansas River to the SIXTEENTH Army Corps. You may give directions accordingly. Telegraph directly to Washington the number of troops you can send after Price and whatever of the orders you give them you deem necessary. I do not know anything of Kimball's merits as a commander, and have no officer here senior to him to send in his stead. Steele would probably be the best man, but he is not here and cannot well be spared. I will, however, see Sherman by tomorrow night, and, if Steele can be gotten, will send him up at once. I send two batteries from here with Kimball; more could be sent, but I doubt the necessity for it. If you deem more necessary, send them, and I will replace all you send from here.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Number 95. Memphis, Tenn., July 24, 1863.

Brigadier General Benjamin H. Grierson having reported at these headquarters for duty, is assigned to duty as chief of cavalry of the SIXTEENTH Army Corps, headquarters at Memphis, Tenn.

