
cover Columbus. Roddey is said to be falling back through Alabama toward Bragg, who is retreating upon Atlanta.

I have learned that 20 locomotives and 200 cars are at Water Valley, and have sent orders to Dodge to send down and destroy them.

This line is entirely quiet now, except from guerrilla parties up above, in the neighborhood of Jackson, Brownsville, and other points, who are conscripting. I think that a notice to these men, permitting them to return to their homes unmolested, on taking the oath, and also that conscription within our lines is in violation of the laws of war, and that persons so found will not be considered as prisoners of war, would have an effect in bringing these scattering gangs to order, and quieting the country. I hardly know what course to pursue. If I send cavalry, they break up and scatter, and my own cavalry commit depredations in following them. The people of the country themselves are more afraid of the guerrillas than of our troops, and therefore will not report them. If I was authorized to make serious examples of such as are caught in acts of robbery and violence, it would be beneficial. I do not consider them soldiers, but feel bound by your order recognizing Richardson's band.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.

CORINTH, July 25, 1863.

Colonel MERSY:

Have Colonel Phillips get ready to move to-night, with eight days' rations, to join Colonel Hatch, going north. I will telegraph when and where to join him.

G. M. DODGE.

CORINTH, July 25, 1863.

Colonel MERSY:

Colonel Hatch will move at daylight, and Colonel Phillips will join him at Bolivar.

G. M. DODGE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Number 28. Vicksburg, MISS., July 26, 1863.

II. Brigadier General A. L. Lee, commanding First Brigade, NINTH DIVISION is assigned to the command of the Twelfth DIVISION, Thirteenth Army Corps, during the temporary absence of Brigadier General A. P. Hovey.

By order of Major General E. O. C. Ord:

WALTER B. SCATES,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENN., Vicksburg, MISS., July 26, 1863.

Brigadier General J. D. WEBSTER, Supt. Military Railroads:

GENERAL: Your two letters of the 20th just received. * In regard to opening the railroad east from Corinth, I am not yet prepared to say whether any move will be required. With the present force in West

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

