
WASHINGTON, D. C.,

July 27, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

The troops sent into Arkansas will act under the orders of Major-General Schofield. This, however, will not prevent you from recalling them to your command, if you should find it necessary to do so.

H. W. HALLECK.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

July 27, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

I report that the leave to General Thayer was granted. General Steele is now ordered away, and it leaves a DIVISION without a commander. We should make an inflexible rule that at least one general officer should be with a DIVISION, one field officer with a regiment, and one commissioned officer with a company. If we don't look [out], our army will take leave en masse.

W. T. SHERMAN.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Number 62. Camp at Fox's, near Big Black, July 27, 1863.

I. The first DIVISION, General Steele, will take post at the railroad crossing of Black River, the troops being disposed as far back as Bovina.

II. The depot of supplies for the Fifteenth Army Corps will be at the railroad on Black River, to which point the chief quartermaster and commissary will remove, and make all proper arrangements for receiving and issuing supplies.

Lieutenant Colonel J. Condit Smith, the chief quartermaster, will have charge of the railroad and cars, and make suitable arrangements for the carriage of mails, passengers, &amp;c., daily. He may deliver to each DIVISION quartermaster a spring wagon to run to and from the camp and the depot for the carriage of mail matter and as a messenger wagon. He will also prepare a proper code of regulations for travel on the road, to be approved at headquarters and announced in orders.

General Steele will furnish to the quartermaster all suitable details to enable him to carry out the objects of this order.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Number 148. Camp at Fox's, near Black, July 27, 1863.

II. Pursuant to instructions from department headquarters, Major General Frederick Steele will report in person to Major-General Grant, at Vicksburg. Brigadier General J. M. Thayer will assume command of the First DIVISION, and carry out the orders already issued.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

