
boating that he would not only relieve his comrades of the beleaguered city, but destroy and annihilate our army. We were in part called from our trenches to watch this dangerous enemy, and it is now known that our watchfulness baffled his purposes; and when at last, on the very birthday of our nation, Vicksburg sank, helpless and a penitent, into our military power, we were called on, without rest, to drop the pick and seize the musket, and drive away that army which had insolently threatened our very existence. History affords few parallels of the rapidity and success of this march. Vicksburg surrendered on the 4th of July. We crossed Black River on the 6th, and on the 8th we had forced the enemy to take refuge behind his trenches at Jackson. Again we had to resort to pick and shovel, but our enemy, reading his certain doom in the fate of Vicksburg, availed himself of the cover of night and fled across Pearl River, and the valley of the Mississippi became "at last free of the presence of a hostile army. "

Having then destroyed the Great Central Railroad for 100 miles in extent, and thereby made it useless to our foe in after campaigns, we have quietly returned to our camps and supplies, ready for any new events that may require our services.

Your commander, in thus briefly reciting the events of the past seven months, thinks in them every officer and man has good reason to flatter himself that, in producing this grand result, he has borne a part. In after years, it will be the subject of pride to himself and children; and we know how our fellow-countrymen were wild with joy when the telegraph spread the good tidings that the Mississippi was again made free by the courage and perseverance of their brave volunteers, and that once more every American could steam up and down this majestic river without fearing the hissing shell or whizzing bullet of a foe from its ambushed shores.

Let the magnificent result give to all new hope and assurance that, by discipline, by patient industry, by courage and confidence in our country and cause, the United States of America will, instead of sinking into Mexican anarchy, arise with proud honor and glory, and become what Washington designed it-"The freest and best regulated Government on earth. "

W. T. SHERMAN.

CORINTH, July 27, 1863.

Colonel MIZNER, La Grange:

Biffle, Wilson, Newsom, and Forrest have crossed the Tennessee River at Swallow Bluffs and Point Pleasant, and are making toward Jackson. Order Hatch, with one brigade, to go there. I will have Phillips report to him at any place he desires; also will send one brigade from here north to intercept them.

G. M. DODGE.

CORINTH, July 27, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

The scouts that have been watching Roddey have come in. He was ordered to Georgia some ten days ago, while Biffle, Forrest, Wilson, and company were left to conscript and fill up the new regiments. When Roddey undertook to run, his men deserted by the company, and the order was countermanded, and the force, most of it, returned. It is now thought he will go back to Russellville.

G. M. DODGE.

