
Numbers 195, from Headquarters Department of the Tennessee, July 19, 1863, is hereby assigned to the command of First DIVISION of this corps. He will assume command, and establish his headquarters at once near the railroad bridge on Black River.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, MISS., July 28, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

COLONEL: I herewith inclose communication of Colonel Mizner, with accompanying documents. I can send 2,000 cavalry and still hold my line good; that is, after the cavalry returns. If the cars are not yet burned, we could make a dash with the cavalry and follow up with the infantry, repair the road, and move all in a body. It would not do to scatter our force so far south. The Engineer Regiment can be easily spared from the line of the railroad, and the troops now coming up the river could be used for the expedition. It is my impression that if the cars are not already burned, if we have evacuated Jackson, they will run them south. It is possible that the owners may have influence enough with Chalmers to save them, preferring that they should fall into our hands, instead of being burned.

Before I moved north with the cavalry, I had all my cavalry ready to start to destroy the cars; they were to take ten day's rations, and to work back by way of Okolona. The move north and the return of Roddey prevented for the present the movement.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE.

[Inclosure Number 1.]

LA GRANGE, TENN., July 28, 1863.

Conductor Howell had a leave of absence for sixty days, granted at Canton July 16. Mr. Glenn left a day or two later. Glenn spent a day at Grenada. Chalmers was there with part of his command. His artillery and wagons had gone to the Mobile and Ohio road. He understood the wagons were to return for supplies yet to be transferred, after which Chalmers would move over. There was no guard with the cars when Glenn left Water Valley. He traveled on railroad track.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel and Chief of Cavalry.

[Inclosure Number 2.]

Mississippi CENTRAL R. R., SUPT.'S OFFICE,

Statham's, June 27, 1863.

Conductor GLENN:

I wish you to go to the So. R. R., Mobile and Ohio roads, Gainesville Branch, and Mississippi and Alabama River road, and take an inventory of all our cars that may be on them. You will note place, number, and condition of each car, keep an accurate account of your expenses, and make a return of all promptly on your return. Use all possible dispatch in completing your MISSION. When at McDowell, you will make inquiries after four car-loads of coal we have there. On your return

