
you will go to Brookhaven and report the number of our cars burned there by the enemy this week, and report what cars we have left down there.

Respectfully,

E. D. FROST,

Superintendent of the Mississippi Central Railroad.

[Inclosure Number 3.]

LA GRANGE, TENN., July 28, 1863.

Brigadier General Greenville M. DODGE,

Commanding Left Wing. SIXTEENTH Army Corps, Corinth:

GENERAL: The information in regard to rolling-stock at Water Valley is, I believe, reliable. It has been reported to me as follows: From the Mississippi Central Railroad, 32 locomotives and about 200 cars; from the New Orleans, Jackson and Northern road, 28 locomotives and upward of 150 cars. All employees from the New Orleans and Jackson Railroad had returned to Canton, leaving the cars above the Otoclaffa, at Water Valley. This information was given by Conductors Howell and Glenn, who are known to Mr. Stanton, assistant superintendent on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, and General Webster tells me they are considered reliable.

Mr. Frost, the superintendent of the Mississippi Central Railroad, told Mr. Howell that Chalmers had orders to burn these cars, and that they had been run up the road for that purpose, but he and others opposed the burning. I have heard nothing further from Water Valley. It seems to me to be possible to save these cars. The condition of the road as far as repaired by General Grant is good. The bridge at the Tallahatchee admits of a hand-car being passed over. From Oxford to Water Valley, 17 miles, the road is out of repair, and Glenn said a great deal of work would be necessary. If the Engineer Regiment and 3,000 infantry can be spared, I can furnish from 800 to 1,000 cavalry, and if we can reach Water Valley before the cars are destroyed, I believe with proper energy we can get them away. It would be necessary to occupy and hold the road and defend this stock against Ruggles and Chalmers. I am not aware that there is any force in Northern Mississippi, except that under Ruggles and Chalmers. If you think it advisable and proper to undertake the work, I will cheerfully do all in my power to insure its success.

Colonel Hurst's capture resulted from his mistaking two of the enemy for his own men while detached from the main column. I think his experience will be an advantage to him.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel and Chief of Cavalry.

Vicksburg, MISS., July 29, 1863.

General SHERMAN:

Did you received a dispatch from me about furnishing transportation for supplies to Raymond?

Our troops passing through there have left the country destitute both of transportation and subsistence. I am sending the required supplies out, and authorized you to turn over to them, to keep, transportation taken from the country if you have it; if not, send the stores out by our teams, they to be returned.

U. S. GRANT.

