
that an election can be held in WEST Tennessee by the rebels. The election day is the first Thursday in August. It will probably be necessary to keep the force moving until after that day. If unsuccessful in this move, they will not come into our region again. I have ordered the SECOND Illinois Cavalry to Fort Pillow by land. From that point they can actively co-operate in breaking up the bands that will gather north of the Hatchie, and must be kept at that work.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.

[Inclosure.]

CORINTH, July 29, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

The cavalry force joined at Lexington, and had a skirmish, in which they captured Colonel Campbell, of Twenty-THIRD [Thirty-THIRD] Tennessee, two caissons, 2 lieutenants, and 25 privates. On Colonel Campbell was found the following dispatch:

CHATTANOOGA, July 29, 1863.

General GID. PILLOW:

General Bragg agreed this morning to send Roddey's command to WEST Tennessee, leaving his present headquarters on 25th instant, so to reach the greater part of WEST Tennessee before the election day. I wish to send Colonel Campbell and Captain Clark with Roddey, to visit Tennessee to superintend the election matter. They are ordered to report to you. I doubt not they can do much in the matter of recruiting then, and at the same time render important service in securing the holding of elections. I therefore suggest that you assume the authority, and clothe Campbell with full powers to recruit according to your plans. He can render the State important service by securing elections, and I have no doubt raise a command. I confidently rely upon his being sent, and therefore give him full instructions with regard to the elections.

Respectfully,

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

Colonel Hatch says Biffle has gone down to cross in the neighborhood of Paris, where it is said part of Pillow's forces are crossing. Hatch has moved on Paris in two columns, and will join at that point. None of Roddey's forces have left Bear Creek that I can learn, except Biffle, Forrest, Newsom, and Wilson. If it is possible, a force should move out from Columbus, and report to Hatch as soon as they join him.

G. M. DODGE.

[JULY 29, 1863. -For General Orders, Numbers 100, Headquarters SIXTEENTH Army Corps, see Series I, VOL. XXII, Part II, p. 408.]

WASHINGTON, July 30, 1863.

Major-General GRANT, Vicksburg, MISS.:

You will send Major-General Banks a corps of 10,000 or 12,000 men, to report at such point as he may designate; probably at New Orleans.

H. W. HALLECK.

WASHINGTON, July 30, 1863-11. 30 a. m.

Major-General GRANT, Vicksburg, MISS.:

I am very desirous of receiving your views in regard to the policy of attempting to organize a civil government in Mississippi, to be in subordination, however, for the present, to the military authorities.

H. W. HALLECK.

