SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Number 31. Vicksburg, July 30, 1863.

I. The NINTH DIVISION, General Osterhaus commanding, and the Fourteenth DIVISION, General Benton commanding, are hereby consolidated, and are assigned as the First DIVISION, Thirteenth Army Corps, to the command of Major General C. C. Washburn, U. S. Volunteers.

II. The brigades of the two DIVISIONS heretofore known as the NINTH and Fourteenth of this corps will be numbered by the major-general commanded by General Osterhaus will, under its commander, Major H. Fullerton, form a separate command, and will report through Colonel Bush, chief of cavalry, to headquarters of the corps.

By order of E. O. C. Ord, U. S. Volunteers:

WALTER B. SCATES,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 30, 1863.

General PARKE:

I was in hopes to meet you at Vicksburg, but you left the day before I got in. My corps is encamped on beautiful ground about 2 miles back of the railroad and Messinger's bridges, with fine shade and plenty of water. I want to recruit and reorganize here, ready for the fall campaign. I trust we may meet again about Atlanta in October; we by way of the Alabama River and you by Chattanooga. I may not have done justice in my oral and written expressions to my feelings toward you and your corps. Be kind enough to assure all of my hearty respect. When you see Burnside, give him my love. Tell him for me that we are armed against all the enemies to law and Government; that we fire upon the secessionist of the South, the autocrat of the North, and the anarchist everywhere. If another Vallandigham arises, let him be banished to that land from which there is no appeal on earth. Our Government must govern, and not be ruled by every agitator of the hour.

W. T. SHERMAN.

WASHINGTON, July 30, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT, Memphis:

Communicate with Major-General Schofield, at Saint Louis, in regard to his plans of campaign.

Brigadier-General Davidson, with a large cavalry force, was moved south to co-operate with the troops from Helena.

The main object is to break up Price and occupy Little Rock.

H. W. HALLECK.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., July 30, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT, Memphis:

GENERAL: Your letter of resignation has been received at the War Department. I have also seen your private letter to the President on the subject.

I admire the tone of these letter, and fully appreciate your motives in writing them. The reasons for your wishing to return to your pro-

