
fession and business are weighty, but not more so than those which I and many other officers could offer. We all must make sacrifices for our country.

The truth is, general, the war is not so near its end as you seem to suppose. The enemy will now make a desperate effort to repair his losses. He will force into his ranks every man capable of bearing arms. His fellow traitors and copperhead coadjutors at the North will do all in their power to help him by opposing the draft, which is the only possible means of supplying the loss off our forces by the expiration of the terms of those enlisted for nine months and two years. The patriotism of some of our old Democratic friends seems to have been destroyed by the heat of party spirit.

If the North were as united as the South, and would fill up our ranks now, we could soon end the war. But unfortunately the enemies of the Administration make themselves the enemies of the country, and will ruin the latter for the sake of defeating the former. The draft will be enforced, but it will take time. Under these circumstances we cannot consent to dispense with your services.

General officers who obey orders, who perform their duties faithfully, who do not quarrel with those temporarily placed over them, who neither protect thieves nor steal themselves, are not so numerous that we can well spare one, who, like you, has faithfully, honestly, and ably performed every duty. The President and Secretary of War are both anxious you should remain in service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK.

PORTER'S CREEK, July 30, 1863.

R. K. RANDOLPH, Acting Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

Over 1,000 rebel cavalry passed here, going south. Said to be Richardson's men. Seemed to be in a great hurry. Crossed the railroad one-half mile east of here. Crossed about 12 o'clock.

L. KING,

Captain, Commanding.

CORINTH, July 30, 1863.

Colonel MERSY:

Get some spies on their track; find out to a certainty where they are. Run a hand-car to Mizner, so you can reach him by telegraph, and inform him; say to him, for me, to get on their track if possible. I think it is Forrest and company going away from our forces.

G. M. DODGE.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, July 31, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a communication dated the 13th instant, received from Rear-Admiral Porter, and to recommend his suggestions touching the disposition of the Marine Brigade to your favorable consideration.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GIDEON WELLES.

[Indorsement.]

Referred to the General-in-Chief.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

