
the army which drove Johnston from his position near the Big Black River into his intrenchments at Jackson, and, after a siege of eight days, compelled him to-fly in disorder from the Mississippi Valley. The endurance, valor, and general good conduct of the NINTH Corps are admired by all, and its valuable co-operation in achieving the final triumph of the campaign is gratefully acknowledged by the Army of the Tennessee.

Major-General Parke will cause the different regiments and batteries of his command to inscribe upon their banners and guidons "Vicksburg" and "Jackson. "

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Number 32. Vicksburg, MISS., July 31, 1863.

I. In accordance with orders from headquarters of department, Brigadier-General Lee, commanding Twelfth DIVISION, Thirteenth Corps, will commence embarking for Natchez, MISS., on board steamers of the Marine Brigade on the morning of the 2nd of August.

By order of E. O. C. Ord, major-general of volunteers:

WALTER B. SCATES,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. SECOND WEST TENN. CAV., Saulsbury, July 31, 1863.

Colonel MERSY:

SIR: My scouting parties have returned, but have failed to fall in with the force which crossed the road near Porter's Creek. They seem to have been in great haste, leaving hats, guns, and broken-down horses. Some were armed and others not. Force estimated at 700, though they stated it at 1,700. Are said to have gone to Ripley. Richardson and Colonel Forrest were along.

ISAAC R. HAWKINS,

Colonel, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, July 31, 1863.

[Major-General HURLBUT:]

MY DEAR GENERAL HURLBUT: Your letter by Mr. Dana was duly received. I now learn that your resignation has reached the War Department. I also learn that an active command has been assigned you by General Grant. The Secretary of War and General Halleck are very partial to you, as you know I also am. We all wish you to reconsider the question of resigning; not that we would wish to retain you greatly against your wish and interest, but that your decision may be at least a very well-considered one.

I understand that Senator [William K.] Sebastian, of Arkansas, thinks of offering to resume his place in the Senate. Of course the Senate, and not, I would decide whether to admit or reject him. Still, I should feel great interest in the question. It may be so presented as to be one of the very greatest national importance; and it may be otherwise so presented as to be of no more than temporary personal consequence to him.

