
necessary. Families who are able to pay for the provisions drawn will in all cases be required to do so.

V. Conduct disgraceful to the American name has been frequently reported to the major-general commanding, particularly on the part of portions of the cavalry. Hereafter, if the guilty parties cannot be reached, the commanders of regiments and detachments will be held responsible, and those who prove themselves unequal to the task of preserving discipline in their commands will be promptly reported to the War Department for muster-out. Summary punishment must be inflicted upon all officers and soldiers apprehended in acts of violence or lawlessness.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, August 1, 1863-12 m.

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis, Tenn.:

You have authority to mount infantry, but the arms they are to use must be such as the Ordnance Department can furnish. The proposition to permit them to purchase Spencer's navy rifles cannot be entertained.

H. W. HALLECK.

MEMPHIS, TENN., August 1, 1863-4. 30 p. m.

H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Scout in from Tuscumbia; left July 21. Roddey has moved his stores to Rome, and he remains in valley with three regiments and one battery. Over half the men from Alabama in Bragg's army are armed and in the mountains, and refuse to go back. Force at Smithville moved to Pontotoc, leaving no force east of Memphis and Ohio Railroad. Lieutenant [Stephen] Davenport, Twenty-sixth Mississippi, left Johnston four days since. Bulk of his army at Meridian-part to go to Mobile and part to Demopolis.

S. A. HURLBUT.

WASHINGTON, August 3, 1863-12. 15 p. m.

Major-General GRANT, Vicksburg, MISS.:

Your views in regard to organizing negro troops are approved. Adjutant-General Thomas is now on his way to Vicksburg, to assist in the organization, and to put some officer in place of General [John. P.] Hawkins, now absent sick. If in your opinion it be deemed advisable, you are authorized to enlist and organize into regiments deserters and citizens of Mississippi. It will be well to keep up the impression in your army that Mobile will be the next point of attack.

H. W. HALLECK.

BLACK RIVER, August 3, 1863.

Messrs. JESSE REED, W. B. ANDERSON,

Hinds County Committee:

GENTLEMEN: Yours of August 1 is received. * I withdrew from Jackson purposely to avoid the destruction to private property, always

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

