
incident to the occupation of an army. You have seen enough of armies to know that they are so intent overcoming their opponents that the poor people receive very little consideration at their hands. I do not believe we will again have occasion to visit Hinds County, and the people who have wives and children to feed and protect should, as soon as possible, begin to reorganize a government capable of protecting them against the bands of scouts and guerrillas that infest the land, who can do no good, and may do you infinite mischief.

I am satisfied General [W. H.] Jackson, C. S. Army, will restrict the operations of his scouts, and I will do the same with ours, and in that way I hope and trust the citizens may have enough leisure to study their real interests, which must lead them to the conclusion that war was not the remedy for grievances, or supposed grievances, for which our forefathers provided the Supreme Court of the United States to arbitrate and remove. You may safely count on all United States officers in authority to encourage the return of the people of Mississippi to the peace and prosperity that they enjoyed under the Union.

With great respect,

W. T. SHERMAN.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Number 158. Vicksburg, MISS., August 3, 1863.

VII. Colonel Alexander Chambers, commanding THIRD Brigade, Sixth DIVISION, will order the Thirteenth Regiment Iowa Infantry, under command of Colonel John Shane, to embark on the steamer Champion Numbers 3, and proceed at 4 o'clock tomorrow morning to Yazoo City, under convoy of the U. S. S. Rattler, to occupy that place during the attempt to raise the vessel De Kalb, and to render the navy such assistance as may be necessary. Ten days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition per man will be taken. The selection of this [regiment] is made on account of its discreet and competent commander.

By order of Major-General McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, August 3, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Forrest, with about 800 men, was at Jack's Creek day before yesterday, and moved toward Tennessee River, to cross at Yellow Bluff. I raised all the mounted men I could, and sent them yesterday morning to endeavor to check him. Yellow Bluff is 60 miles from here. He must have evaded Hatch after the Lexington skirmish. It was Richardson who crossed the railroad at Porter's Creek, going south. That force went direct to Chalmers.

G. M. DODGE.

CORINTH, August 3, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis:

Colonel Hatch sends word from Mifflin that he has been within 30 miles of Fort Heiman; met no forces; and that Forrest, Biffle, and Wilson are making for the Tennessee River with not over 800 men. Says they are entirely broken up and their men deserting them from every

