
quarter. Colonel Hatch has divided up his command, and is sweeping south on all the roads and picking up what he can.

G. M. DODGE.

CORINTH, August 3, 1863.

Colonel August MERSY:

I sent a regiment of cavalry to look after Newsom and company near Jack's Creek yesterday. They were going to try to cut off their crossing of the river, and are up near Yellow Bluff now. Did Aldrich hear anything of Hatch or Rowett?

G. M. DODGE.

CORINTH, August 3, 1863.

Colonel MERSY:

I have pretty reliable news that Falkner with 400, Smith with 375, and Richardson with about 1,500 men, are at Orizaba. Men coming from there say it is their intention [to go to] Saulsbury, Pocahontas, or Grand Junction. You must keep a close watch well south of your lines, so we can get good notice of their approach, and have your weak posts well prepared for them.

G. M. DODGE.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Number 22. Vicksburg, MISS., August 4, 1863.

I. Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the post and town of Natchez, MISS., until further orders. DIVISION and brigade commanders will respect the post orders in force and require their men to respect them. The post commander is responsible for the police and good order of the town; his command will extend to the camps of DIVISIONS of the Thirteenth Corps, at either extremity of the town, and to the east of the town limits. General Ransom will, as soon as may be, arrange a permanent camp under cover of intrenchments at Vidalia, for the contrabands now at Natchez, and remove them to that camp. A brigade will be assigned as garrison to that side of the river.

By order of Major General E. O. C. Ord:

S. S. SEWARD,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp, Thirteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. Fifteenth A. C., Camp, August 4, 1863.

Major-General GRANT, Vicksburg:

I can make up a party of about 1,000 cavalry to go up to Grenada. I would suggest that a gunboat and one light transport go to Yazoo City with provisions, to communicate with this cavalry and await its return; that the officer in command be ordered to strike the railroad above the bridge and follow it to Grenada. The bridge at Grenada to be burned, so that the locomotives and cars can alone be taken northward. If you think proper, the road could be repaired from Memphis to Grenada, and all these cars taken to Memphis, and our cavalry could go into Memphis and return by water.

W. T. SHERMAN.

