
down Crowley's Ridge, leaving Marmaduke with some regiments at Jacksonport. He should have struck them. By his proposed movement to Des Arc or Clarendon, he opens Missouri to a raid. I had already sent him my views, and to-day sent him Schofield's order directing him to strike for Jacksonport.

Steele is pressing the formation of his expeditionary corps. Prentiss is disappointed in not having the command. I have ordered him to report here. Kimball will scarcely bear the trip; and if he makes up his mind that he cannot go, is to report to me and be assigned to Columbus.

Hatch is now returning from a splendid march of ten days through WEST Tennessee; everything in force has been driven out up to Fort Heiman.

If I relieve Asboth, which I must do, where shall I send him?

I congratulate you on the highly worded reply of General Halleck on acceptance of your report. It was thoroughly deserved.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.

SAULSBURY, August 4, 1863.

Colonel MERSY:

My scout has just returned from within 4 1/2 miles of Bolivar, and report from 150 to 200 Confederates there. The THIRD Michigan was there yesterday, and the rebels had scattered in this direction, and returned this morning.

ISAAC R. HAWKINS,

Colonel, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 5, 1863.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 31st ultimo, transmitting a copy of a communication from Rear-Admiral Porter, suggesting that the Marine Brigade be turned over to the commanding general of the Army of the Tennessee, and that the ram fleet be transferred to the Navy, I have the honor to inform you that, upon reference of the same to the General-in-Chief, that officer has made a report in the following words, to wit:

This matter having been fully discussed in Cabinet, and decided, I see no good reasons for changing the decision there made.

H. W. HALLECK.

AUGUST 4, 1863.

-in which opinion this Department concurs.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

E. M. STANTON.

Vicksburg, MISS., August 5, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT, Comdg. SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have ordered Brigadier General A. J. Smith to proceed without delay to Columbus, Ky., and relieve Brigadier-General Asboth from his command. The latter will report to you. He need not be assigned to duty till the result of the inspection which I have ordered is known. If Colonel Thurston has not already started for Columbus when this is

