
received, be good enough to see that he proceeds at once, and is supplied with such special instructions as you may think advisable.

Should the inspection result as I anticipate, or as facts seem to indicate, I shall order General Asboth to report to the Secretary of War.

The steamer now plying between Helena and Memphis as a special packet must be discontinued, the mail facilities afforded by the steamers to this place being sufficient for all way points.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT.

P. S. -Since writing the above, your communication of July 31 has been received.

General Kimball will have to be retained in his present command,

and General Ross having tendered his resignation, will be excused from taking command of troops in the field.

SAULSBURY, August 5, 1863.

Colonel MERSY:

A messenger has just arrived, stating a detachment of my men sent on the Ripley road have been badly cut up 5 miles out and scattered.

The detachment sent out last evening to Ripley has not been heard from, and I have not men to re-enforce. Let me hear from you immediately. The force seems to be 150 to 200.

ISAAC R. HAWKINS,

Colonel SECOND WEST Tennessee Cavalry.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 105. Memphis, Tenn., August 5, 1863.

By the advice of the medical director of this army corps, the following regulations are prescribed:

I. All working parties will invariably be supplied with rations of bitters, prepared as prescribed below, and to be given twice a day to the individuals of each party under the direction of a commissioned officer, in quantities not to exceed half a gill at a time.

II. All guards and scouting parties out at night will likewise have administered to them, under the direction of a medical officer, a half ration of bitters. It will be given to them between retreat and tattoo.

III. The bitters to be issued will be made as follows: Ninety-six grains of sulphate quinia, 160 grains of sulphate cinchona, to each gallon of whisky; or, for each barrel of 40 gallons, 8 ounces of quinine, 13 ounces of sulphate cinchona; this will make about thirteen hundred full rations.

IV. Medical directors of DIVISIONS will make prompt requisitions for the necessary supplies to carry this order into effect.

V. DIVISION, brigade, and detachment commanders will see to the execution of this order, and direct the issues under it to be accurately stated in the weekly sanitary and inspection report.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

37 R R-VOL. XXIV, PT. III

