
WASHINGTON, D. C., August 6, 1863-12. 30 p. m.

Major-General GRANT, Vicksburg, MISS.:

Please send a special messenger to Major-Banks with the following telegram, and also give him all necessary assistance for its execution:

Major-General BANKS, New Orleans:

There are important reasons why our flag should be restored in some part of Texas with the least possible delay. Do this by land, at Galveston, at Indianola, or at any other point you may deem preferable. If by sea, Admiral Farragut will co-operate. There are reasons why the movement should be as prompt as possible.

H. W. HALLECK.

H. W. HALLECK.

Vicksburg, MISS., August 6, 1863.

General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN:

I have directed General Hurlbut to send a force from Memphis to meet one from here, to collect rolling-stock on the Central and Memphis roads, and repair roads, and take it to Memphis, if possible. * Start your cavalry on Monday next. Let them collect the stock on the Central road and get it on to the Memphis road; then push north until they meet the party from Memphis. If the whole force is necessary for security, the cavalry from here can remain with that from Memphis until they get through, then return by the river. Impress upon the men the importance of going through the State in an orderly manner, abstaining from taking anything not absolutely necessary for their subsistence whilst traveling. They should try to create as favorable an impression as possible upon the people, and advise them, if it will do any good, to make efforts to have law and order established within the Union. It should be our policy now to make as favorable an impression upon the people of the State as possible.

U. S. GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS Fifteenth ARMY CORPS,August 6, 1863.

General GRANT:

Your instructions about the cavalry expedition are received. It will give me excessive pleasure to instruct the cavalry as you direct, for the policy you point our meets every wish of my heart. I have seen gentlemen from Clinton.

Some of Wirt Adams' cavalry are about Jackson, and the rascals ate some of our bread, under protest of the people. It is said Johnston is at Morton, at a station east of Brandon, his cavalry near Brandon. Why he stays there, I can't imagine. His advance had got out to Chunkey's 68 [miles] from Jackson, but, it seems, have moved back this way. My informant says he thinks Johnston hates to give up Mississippi, and remains as near Jackson as he has railroad, but his men are dispirited, and are deserting.

W. T. SHERMAN.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Numbers 156. Camp near Big Black, August 6, 1863.

I. The brigade of Colonel Sanford, of the Fourth DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps, will move to Oak Ridge Post-Office and take post there,
---------------

*See p. 575.

---------------

