
taking tents, sick, and all its transportation, General Ewing will also designate a four-gun battery to accompany this brigade. The commanding officer of this brigade will make his morning reports to, and receive instructions, as heretofore, from, his DIVISION commander.

II. The cavalry of this corps, viz, the THIRD and Fourth Iowa and FIFTH Illinois, under the command of Colonel Winslow, of the Fourth Iowa, will start on Monday next, provided with four days' rations, and completely equipped in all respects for service, on an expedition concerning which the commanding officer will receive minute and full instructions. The corps quartermaster of Colonel Winslow the sum of $3,000 for the use of this expedition, taking receipts therefor.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., August 6, 1863.

Brigadier General J. C. VEATCH, Dist. of Memphis, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you that Captain H. C. Forbes, commanding the expedition, as ordered by you to report to me from the Seventh Illinois Cavalry, proceeded, as ordered, on the Horn Lake road to the road forming a junction with the Hernando road; proceeded on said road, returning on Hernando road to the city. The captain reports having seen no enemy or heard of any in that direction.

I would here state that I am highly pleased with Captain Forbes. He is one of the most efficient and gentlemanly commanding officers I have seen.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID MOORE,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Brigade.

SAULSBURY, August 6, 1863.

Colonel MERSY:

My dispatch of 3 o'clock is in every particular erroneous. It was simply a collision between my two detachments, in which no particular damage was done.

The scout of yesterday is in. It went through Ripley and found no enemy. Disguised a scout, and learned that General Ruggles was 10 miles below, with 2,000 men. [W. W.] Faulkner is there, but has no command. Colonel Job Stewart [?] has been arrested and sent south.

Richardson has gone to Okolona. Ruggles has several pieces of artillery; number could not be learned. His men all mounted. There are some other scattering forces.

ISAAC R. HAWKINS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CORINTH, August 6, 1863. (Received 7 p. m.)

Colonel MERSY:

Order Colonel Clayton, with all his Tennessee Home Guards, to meet the Henderson County Home Guards and some troops I am sending

