
from here, at or near Purdy tomorrow. They are being sent up into Tennessee to collect together the Union men and use up the rebels.

G. M. DODGE.

CAIRO, ILL., August 6, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The steamer Ruth, on her trip down the river with cargo of stores, and between two and three Illinois of money, in charge of eight paymasters, for Vicksburg, burned last night between Cairo and Columbus. I have sent the steamer Crawford to render all assistance possible, and requested Fleet Captain Pennock, commanding navy station at Cairo, to make all efforts for the recovery of the money boxes. The wreck is in Lucas Bend, 4 miles below Norfolk. Between 20 and 30 lives are supposed to be lost.

ASBOTH.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENN., Vicksburg, MISS., August 7, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS, Comdg. Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have just received a dispatch from the General-in-Chief, directing me to send you an army corps of from 10,000 to 12,000 men. I have made the order designating the Thirteenth Army Corps, Major General E. O. C. Ord commanding. I take from it one DIVISION, recently attached to it from the garrison at Natchez, to hold the river from Rodney to the Louisiana State line, and attach the DIVISION of General Herron, previously sent to your department. This gives, I think, a force of fully 13,000 well, effective men present for duty, exclusive of furloughed men, who will return soon. General Ord will be directed to report by telegraph from Port Hudson.

Moving so many men north, I am almost entirely without transportation to move these troops with. If you can send any boats from below, it will expedite the movement materially.

General Halleck's dispatch does not seem to be in response to any dispatch received from you or myself. I cannot tell, therefore, whether this looks to any immediate movement.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,U. S. GRANT.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS Fifteenth ARMY CORPS,

Near Black River, MISS., August 7, 1863.

The following dispatch has been received from Vicksburg:

General SHERMAN:

If you have any deserving young men in your command between the ages of sixteen and twenty-one fit for a cadetship, send in the names of five or six of them, to be forwarded to receive appointments from the State of Mississippi.

U. S. GRANT.

DIVISION commanders will cause five or six selections as above mentioned to be made from their commands, and order the young men to report to the general commanding at these headquarters between the hours of 10 and 2 tomorrow, for examination, in order that the requisite number may be selected and their names forwarded.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

