
your judgment. You carry money with you, as it is now to the interest of our Government that all plundering and pillaging should cease. Impress this upon your men from the start, and let your chief quartermaster and commissary provide liberally and fairly for the wants of your command by paying. Union people and the poorest farmers, without being too critical as to politics, should be paid for their corn, bacon, beef and vegetables. but where the larger planters and farmers have an abundance to spare, you can take of the surplus, giving in all such cases a simple receipt, signed by your chief quartermaster and commissary; also, when your horses break down, you can take a remount, exchanging the broken-down animals, and giving a certificate of the transaction, fixing the cash difference in value to boot. Deal firmly but fairly with the inhabitants. I am satisfied a change of feeling is now going on in this State, and we should encourage it. Much importance is attached to this branch of the subject, and you will see that every officer and man is informed of it. Punish on the spot and with rigor any wanton burning of houses or property without your specific orders. If at Grenada you find the Memphis force fully competent to the task of saving the railroad stock enumerated, you can return via Yazoo City, but if there be any doubt, remain with them and go on into Memphis and return to my command by the river. On your application, the quartermaster, Captain Eddy, will furnish boats.

Report to me by letter as often as possible, either by the route you go or around by way of Memphis. I inclose you the best map we are able to compile; add to it as you progress, and on your return I shall expect it to be well filled with roads and names of localities not now on it.

With great respect,

W. T. SHERMAN.

HDQRS. SIXTEENTH A. C., Memphis, Tenn., August 8, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

GENERAL: I will be ready to move a force down on the line of the Memphis and Grenada Railroad, so as to co-operate with the force you send up.

My information is that the engines and cars are held by a light guard, with instructions to destroy them in case any of our troops appear, and they will do so. I fear the amount of repairs necessary to transport the stock will exceed its value, as there will be three bridges to repair or reconstruct between this point and Panola. My opinion is that the rolling stock will have to be destroyed. If the stock was, as I supposed it, near Water Valley, it might be brought to La Grange with much less expense, but I understand from your letter that it is on the other road.

Steele is pushing his preparations for his movement. He thinks Kirby Smith is re-enforcing Holmes and Price. This is doubtful, but in any event I consider him strong enough for their combined force.

The President and General-in-Chief have fairly complimented me into a withdrawal of my resignation until better times. I will send to you by next mail a copy of the President's letter, which contains his views on questions of great public importance.

General Prentiss has tendered his resignation. I think it should be accepted. He thinks himself undervalued, and in all such cases it is

