
well to relieve the army and make way for men who are not plagued in that way.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 9, 1863.

Major-General GRANT, Vicksburg, MISS.:

There is no objection to your visiting New Orleans, leaving an officer at Vicksburg to received and carry out any orders that are sent from Washington. The orders sent through you to General Banks will indicate what operation is next to be undertaken.

H. W. HALLECK.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, D. C., August 9, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

I see by a dispatch of yours that you incline quite strongly toward an expedition against Mobile. This would appear tempting to me also, were it not that, in view of recent events in Mexico, I am greatly impressed with the importance of re-establishing the national authority in Western Texas as soon as possible. I am not making an order, however; that I leave, for the present at least, to the General-in-Chief.

A word upon another subject. General Thomas has gone again to the Mississippi Valley, with the view of raising colored troops. I have no reason to doubt that you are doing what you reasonably can upon the same subject. I believe it is a resource which, if vigorously applied now, will soon close this contest. It works doubly-weakening the enemy and strengthening us. We were not fully ripe for it until the river was opened. Now I think at least 100,000 can and ought to be organized along its shores, relieving all the white troops to serve elsewhere.

Mr. Dana understands you as believing that the emancipation proclamation has helped some in your military operations. I am very glad if this is so.

Did you receive a short letter from me dated the 13th of July?

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS Fifteenth ARMY CORPS,Camp near Black River, August 9, 1863.

Colonel John M. CORSE, Comdg. Brigade, Oak Ridge:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of the 8th instant, and am directed by the general commanding to say that your action as stated therein meets his entire approbation. You can supply such of the destitute families in your neighborhood as may be by you deemed worthy with necessary provisions, and the amount will be made up to you.

With reference to the enemy's cavalry reported to be in the vicinity of Benton, I would state that a force of our own cavalry will start in that direction tomorrow, and effectually rid the country of their presence.

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Colonel John M. CORSE, Comdg. Brigade, Oak Ridge:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of the 8th instant, and am directed by the general commanding to say that your action as stated therein meets his entire approbation. You can supply such of the destitute families in your neighborhood as may be by you deemed worthy with necessary provisions, and the amount will be made up to you.

With reference to the enemy's cavalry reported to be in the vicinity of Benton, I would state that a force of our own cavalry will start in that direction tomorrow, and effectually rid the country of their presence.

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

