
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Number 51. Vicksburg, MISS., August 10, 1863.

I. At all military posts in States within this department, where slavery has been abolished by the proclamation of the President of the United States, camps will be established for such freed people of color as are out of employment.

II. Commanders of posts or districts will detail suitable officers from the army as superintendents of such camps. It will be the duty of such superintendents to see that suitable rations are drawn from the subsistence department for such people as are confided to their care.

III. All such persons supported by the Government will be employed in every practicable way, so as to avoid, as far as possible, their becoming a burthen upon the Government. They may be hired to planters or other citizens, on proper assurances that the negroes so hired will not be run off beyond the military jurisdiction of the United States; they may be employed on any public works, in gathering crops from abandoned plantations, and, generally, in any manner local commanders may deem for the best interests of the Government, in compliance with law and the policy of the Administration.

IV. It will be the duty of the provost-marshal at every military post to see that every negro within the jurisdiction of the military authority is employed by some white person, or is sent to the camps provided for freed people.

V. Citizens may make contracts with freed persons of color for their labor, giving wages per month in money, or employ families of them by the year on plantations, &amp;c., feeding, clothing, and supporting the infirm as well as able-bodied, and giving a portion, not less than one-twentieth, of the commercial part of their crops in payment for such service.

VI. Where negroes are employed under this authority, the parties employing will register with the provost-marshal, with the approval of the local, commander, may require, for the kind treatment and proper care of those employed, and as security against their being carried beyond the employers' jurisdiction.

VII. Nothing in this order is to be construed to embarrass the employment of such colored persons as may be required by the Government.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Number 217. Vicksburg, MISS., August 10, 1863.

I. The establishing of mails within the insurrectionary States of this department being for the exclusive benefit of the military authorities and those connected therewith, the following regulations are established and will be observed, until otherwise ordered, by all persons employed in their transmission, at all military posts south of Memphis, Tenn.:

1. Postmasters will transmit no letters but those coming from designated military authorities, nor deliver any received at their respective offices to citizens or civilians, excepting through the same channels.

2. Mails will be made up at department, corps, DIVISION, and post headquarters, and by all provost-marshals, quartermasters, and com-

