
missaries, sent regularly to the post-offices by them, and promptly forwarded by the postmaster of each post.

3. The military authorities above designated will forward no letters from any citizen in any insurrectionary State in this department, without first examining the same and marking their approval thereon.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., August 10, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Comdg. Department of the Tennessee, Vicksburg, MISS.:

GENERAL: I am fully informed that the rolling-stock and cars are just below Water Valley. The whole are covered with fence rails, ready to be set on fire. An attempt is now being made to work them off south, by repairing the road temporarily. An expedition is on the point of starting from La Grange to save them; if practicable, to bring them in. I am satisfied they will be destroyed by the enemy before we can reach them.

I inclose copy of the President's letter to me. You will see his view. In connection with this, I would state that a large number, some FIFTY, very prominent men in Mississippi apply for leave to hold a meeting in Northern Mississippi, to consider the ways and means of bringing the State into the Union. I propose to give them such permission, considering it the inauguration of an important movement. If they are not interrupted by the Confederate authorities, I shall consider the future of Mississippi as fixed, and shall, at their request, give them my personal views as to the present necessities of their condition. I shall carefully decline any official or representative capacity, but, as a citizen, place before them what I understand to be the proper course for their own salvation. I will send you a copy of my letter as soon as I can find time to write it.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, August 10, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. LOOMIS, Comdg, Sixth Illinois Cavalry:

COLONEL: About 75 to 100 guerrillas are near Cuba, 18 miles north of here. They fired into the steamer Rose Hambleton last night. The people about there are tolerably loyal, and desire relief. In accordance with instructions from Major General S. A. Hurlbut, you will detail from your command 75 men, under a good officer, to leave to-night, so as to arrive there about daylight, and break this gang up. Do not spare them at all, as they are simply some scattering part of Forrest's robbers. Instruct the officer who goes in command that he will be held responsible for the good behavior of the men, and that the persons and property of peaceful citizens must not be interfered with. Upon his return, he will send a written report of the expedition, through you, to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier General B. H. Grierson.

[

-------

.]

