
money for any service, real or pretended, done for any person, will be immediately arrested, put in close confinement, and reported to these headquarters.

II. Officers who commit these wrongs are liable to stricter rules than common soldiers, and whenever any post commander is satisfied from proof that an officer has violated his duty in this respect, he will be treated according to his offense without reference to rank.

III. The habit of peculation from the people and the Government must be stopped at all hazards; and all citizens requested, to report all cases within their knowledge direct to these headquarters, with all possible certainty as to time, place, and circumstances. Prompt attention will be paid to all such communications, that the honor of the army may be vindicated and unworthy men removed from positions they disgrace.

These orders will be read at the head of all regiments and detached corps in this command and published in the newspapers within this command.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Number 15. Memphis, Tenn., February 17, 1863.

Major General C. S. Hamilton is hereby assigned to the command of the troops in the Districts of Corinth and Jackson.

The First DIVISION, Brigadier General J. W. Denver, and the troops attached to that DIVISION, will constitute part of the command of Major-General Hamilton.

Headquarters will be established as rapidly as possible at La Grange, Jackson, or Corinth.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH A. C., DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE,Memphis, February 18, 1863.

Major-General GRANT,

Comdg. Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith a communication from Brigadier-General Quinby* in relation to the matter of granting furloughs to enlisted men in extreme cases.

I shall commence embarking General Logan's DIVISION Friday morning, and hope to get off Saturday. The commissary and quartermaster's boat have been loaded for the last eight days, and are ready to haul out into the stream, so that there will be no detention on this account. The roads are in a most horrible condition, but the DIVISION will move in promptly, if it takes all the horses in the battery to haul a gun. General Quinby's DIVISION will follow Logan's as soon as transports can be provided. I have been annoyed beyond measure at the delay here, but could not help myself. The Ruth, which I had directed the quartermaster to stop here and carry a portion of my command, was permitted

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

