
Brigadier-General Green having command of the other. The light batteries will remain as at present organized, with the exception of being attached to DIVISIONS in place of corps.

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, January 21, 1863-8. 15 p. m.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON, Vicksburg:

Have your troops in position by daylight, and establish your field batteries. Do you think you will need more troops at Snyder's MISS? You must look our for that point. Hurry on the intrenchments, and have all the river batteries in fighting order. Report any confirmation of your suspicions. If they attack you, they will probably attack Port Hudson simultaneously.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, January 21, 1863-8. 30 p. m.

Major General FRANK GARDNER, Port Hudson:

There are indications of another attempt on Vicksburg. It is probable they may make one simultaneously on you. Be on the alert.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

Vicksburg, January 21, 1863.

Captain W. M. JONES, Assistant Quartermaster:

DEAR SIR: I am just in receipt of a letter from George Williams, Government agent at Saint Joseph, urging me to send boats for Government corn on the banks of the river, now rotting from exposure to the recent rains. Unless this corn is immediately removed the larger part of it must be lost. Can you not send more boats for it? Mr. Williams offers to go with the boats if they will report to him and show where the corn is accumulated.

Respectfully,

W. H. Johnson,

Special Government Agent.

The above letter was returned with the following subscription as answer:

Mr. W. H. Johnson:

The steamer Charm leaves for Saint Joseph to-night to load the above corn.

Respectfully,

WM. M. JONES,

Assistant Quartermaster.

Vicksburg, January 21, 1863.

Major THEO. Johnston, Commissary of Subsistence, Jackson, MISS.:

Purchases made by Mr. Johnson, under contract, and approved by Colonel [W. A.] Broadwell under date of 7th December. Salt from

38 R R-VOL. XXIV, PT. III

