
and if an arrangement could be made by which these cattle and other cattle could be bought, it would be of great benefit to the service and tend to improve the health of the troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. REED,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

JANUARY 22, 1863.

Major T. B. REED:

DEAR SIR: I have been for the last two weeks on Deer Creek, and find that I can purchase for the use of the Government from 300,000 to 400,000 bushels of corn of a much superior quality to that obtained on the Yazoo, for $1 per bushel, delivered on board the boat. It is of the utmost importance that this corn should be removed as soon as possible, for the levees on the Mississippi River are all down, and the Deer Creek country is subject to from 4 to 6 feet overflow. I wish to obtain from you the authority to purchase this corn and an order for sufficient transportation to move it to this place (Haynes' Bluff). I am thoroughly acquainted with all the planters, and they know me, and I think I can be of more service to you than any one else. Should you see fit to send me to attend to the purchase and removal of this corn, please direct me to the proper person to warrant me in payment of same. I would suggest that one of the large freight-boats be ordered to Haynes' Bluff, to be used as a depot store [for] this corn. I would suggest the steamer Magnolia, now lying at Yazoo City. The boat I shall need is a small one to run the Sunflower River, named the Ben. McCulloch. If this is not under your control, please send this letter to the proper officer, and give the matter your personal attention. You will greatly oblige me by so doing.

Respectfully,

B. ROACH.

[Indorsement.]

JACKSON, January 24, 1863.

I have authorized the purchase of 100,000 bushels of corn, at a price not to exceed $1 per bushel ($ 100,000). I am unwilling at this time to increase the quantity to be purchased at more than 75 cents as the maximum price.

THEO Johnston,

Major and Chief of Subsistence, Dept. of MISS. and East. La.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISS. AND EAST. La., Jackson, January 22, 1863.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON, Commanding Vicksburg:

I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding department to say that your letter of the 9th instant reached here yesterday, and was only placed in his hands to-day. In answer to your inquiries, he desires me to say that you are fully authorized to construct any additional works on the right of our line that you may deem necessary, and for that purpose you are hereby authorized to impress the necessary number of negroes from the surrounding country to insure their speedy completion. The chief quartermaster of the department will at once take effective measure to receive and keep constantly on hand a supply of

