
forage for not less than sixty days. Your suggestion in regard to transportation from Snyder's Mill will be acted on by the chief quartermaster. The chief of subsistence for a period of not less than sixty days constantly on hand. In reference to this subject, I beg leave to inclose you copies of letters from Majors Johnston and Reed, of subsistence department. * Major [L.] Mims will make you a shipment of corn from this point tomorrow, and you will be immediately supplied with salt for packing of beef and pork.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. McCARDLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND EAST. La., Number 27. Jackson, MISS., January 22, 1863.

I. Major A. B. Cooke, quartermaster Provisional Army of Confederate States, having reported at these headquarters, in compliance with orders from the War Department at Richmond, is hereby assigned to duty as chief paymaster of this department. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly. All quartermasters connected with the pay of the troops of this department will immediately report by letter to Major Cooke, at Jackson, MISS, stating whether they have been regularly appointed and have executed their bonds. All estimates of funds for the pay of the troops of this command from district corps or DIVISION quartermasters will be forwarded to him at Jackson, MISS., for consolidation.

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd DIV., ARMY OF THE MISS., Number 1. January 22, 1863.

The undersigned, in pursuance of General Orders from Department Headquarters, assumes command of this DIVISION.

II. Brigadier General John S. Bowen will assume command of the Missouri brigade, now commanded by Brigadier-General Green.

III. Brigadier-General Green will assume command of the Arkansas brigade, now commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel [W. H.] Dismukes.

By order of Major-General Price:

L. A. MACLEAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GRENADA, January 23, 18633.

In a conversation two days ago between Generals Pemberton and Van Dorn and myself, the following statement was made by General Pemberton, viz: That 100,000 men could not have taken Vicksburg, and

---------------

*See pp. 591, 593-595.

---------------

