
I will be going down the river in a few days, when I hope to meet you at Helena.

U. S. GRANT.

MEMPHIS, TENN., January 22, 1863.

Major General C. S. HAMILTON,

Comdg. Dist. WEST Tennessee:*

Have moved from the east bank of the river, from this place to Columbus, all large guns still remaining, and also the guns from Island Number 10 and from the floating battery below there. These guns, or such of them as can be used, may be brought to Memphis; the remainder sent to Cairo.

It will be necessary to keep up small garrisons at New Madrid, Island Number 10, Hickman, and, possibly, at Fort Pillow. This latter, however, should be inspected before establishing a garrison.

As soon as practicable, relieve the Fifteenth Regular Infantry from Columbus, and bring them to this place, preparatory to being sent down the river. The same with the First Infantry, at Corinth.

There are three companies of cavalry, belonging to Colonel Cornyn's Missouri regiment, at Columbus, and three companies here. I wish them to be collected at Memphis as soon as possible. The other six companies of this regiment are at Helena, and here immediately. As soon as it possibly can be done, send a regiment of cavalry to Corinth. One of the new regiments to arrive can be put in charge of the heavy guns in the fort, and drilled by some artillery officer of experience. Same at Corinth. All the rolling stock of the railroad should be got away from Columbus as soon as possible.

U. S. GRANT.

MEMPHIS, TENN., January 22, 1863.

Major General John A. McClernand,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

In view of future operations, I would suggest that stringent orders be made looking to the saving of all sacks emptied by the army, and placing them in charge of an engineer officer. When it comes to erecting batteries, these sacks will come in play most conveniently.

I am doing all I can to get forward a proper supply of ammunition and mining tools. I presume several thousand spades and picks will reach you in a few days.

By orders, which will accompany this, you will see that the troops under General Gorman have been added to your army corps. I do not think it is desirable that they should be moved from their present position or from Helena until near the time when their services may be required. I have here two more divisions ready to move when they get transportation, but as I am expecting siege guns to forward, and there are many other supplies not yet arrived, there is no great hurry about starting them.

I hope the work of changing the channel of the Mississippi is began, or preparations, at least, being made to begin. On the present rise it is barely possible that Yazoo Pass might be turned to good account in aiding our enterprise, particularly if Banks should be fortunate enough to get above Port Hudson. Do you hear from Banks?

U. S. GRANT.

---------------

*Transmitted by Hamilton to Hurlbut, February 7, 1863.

---------------

