
to go to Cairo for Government supplies, with a promise from the captain that he would be back by a certain day. As soon as got to Cairo she was taken possession of for a hospital boat and ordered to Saint Louis.

I am very much obliged to you, general, for your kind letter of the 2nd instant, and should have answered it but it only reached me four days ago. There is no particular movement of the enemy in force in this vicinity, but the guerrillas are very bold and troublesome. General Quinby sent an expedition after [G. L.] Blythe, which returned yesterday. The expedition penetrated to the rebel camp, captured 12 prisoners, muster-rolls of some of the companies, several horses, pistols, guns, &amp;c. The main force of the enemy got wind of our coming and left during the night.

Mrs. Grant and Jesse are quite well. I have many things to tell you when we meet, and I hope to have that pleasure soon.

Sincerely, yours,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Number 22. Memphis, Tenn., February 18, 1863.

* * * * * * *

VI. Brigadier General John A. Logan, commanding THIRD DIVISION, will commence embarking his command on the boats to-morrow morning, the 19th instant. The assignment of the different regiments to their respective transports will be made in time to prevent any confusion.

The troops will be provided as follows:

1. With all the ammunition required by existing orders.

2. With three days' cooked rations in haversacks and seven days' additional on hand.

3. With all the axes, spades, and other tools in the command.

4. DIVISION commissaries will take thirty days' rations for future use.

5. With 5 wagons to each regiment, 1 to each company of artillery, and 1 in addition to each brigade and DIVISION commander.

6. With 2 ambulances for each regiment.

The precise hour of march will hereafter be indicated.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major-General McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Memphis, Tenn., February 19, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

I have just received a letter from Major-General Grant, requesting another DIVISION to be forwarded. If it is expected that the entire road from Columbus to Jackson, Corinth, and Grand Junction is to be maintained, and a proper front shown to the south of Charleston and Memphis road, I shall probably require all the troops now in my command. If the line through Jackson is abandoned, there will be a surplus of troops. General Quinby's DIVISION is under marching orders for Vicksburg. Logan leaves to-day. I will pass over the line to-morrow, and

