
Memoranda handed Major Theo. Johnston.

Vicksburg, January 24, 1863.

The planters along the Rolling Fork, Deer Creek, and Bogue Phaliah, offer to sell corn to the Government to the extent probably of 300,000 bushels. These streams are now at high stage, in good boating condition, and the opportunity should not be lost. If the river rises much higher, the swamps will be filled, and the banks of these streams on which there is already much corn stored submerged, and the corn lost. There should be reliable, energetic men sent up who should be instructed to collect these stores at the shipping points, to be taken thence to the depots by steamboats.

There are suitable steamboats on the Yazoo River for this trade. Much of the country from which this corn is to be had is too far from steamboat navigation to haul from. Keel-boats can reach these points. Flat-boats are to be had in these streams to some extent. It will be necessary to give these agents authority to control the keel-boats, and to construct flat-boats to bring from points above steamboat navigation this corn to a shipping point below.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., January 25, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Vicksburg, MISS.:

Your dispatch in cipher has been received. Nothing after the first word can be deciphered. Repeat. I withdraw the message sent from Montgomery. *

J. E. Johnston.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., January 25, 1863.

The PRESIDENT, Richmond, Va.:

I find no letter here. Pemberton reports the enemy again opposite Vicksburg yesterday.

J. E. Johnston.

GRENADA, January 25, 1863.

General PEMBERTON and Colonel WADDY:

The last of Waul's command left here this morning for Vaughan's Station. Effective strength, 641. Do you wish the cavalry of the Legion to march at once? They are ordered near here in case you wish them to move.

W. W. LORING.

Vicksburg, January 25, 1863.

Major-General LORING,

Commanding Grenada, MISS.:

I wish General Price's command sent to Jackson immediately, and Waul's cavalry to Vicksburg.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

---------------

*Of January 23, p. 597.

---------------

