
Vicksburg, January 25, 1863.

General BRAGG, Tullahoma:

Enemy in large force. One hundred and seven transports. Sherman's and Morgan's corps are here. Ten thousand of Grant's left Memphis on 21st. They are cutting canal.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

Vicksburg, January 25, 1863.

ALEX. [C.] FERGUSON, Natchez, MISS.:

Send a courier immediately to General [R.] Taylor and Governor Moore, and ascertain who has charge of the steamer Webb. If either of them, ask if they will turn her over to me, temporarily, for important service on the Mississippi River. Send answer here with all dispatch.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

COLUMBUS, January 25, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

The following telegrams just received:

OKOLONA, January 24, 1863.

General RUGGLES:

Have just returned from scout near Corinth. Enemy re-enforced 8,000 from Oxford. On Thursday gunboat and transport came to Hamburg. Difficult to get into enemy's lines on account of high water. Citizens not allowed to enter as usual.

S. C. TULLY.

Approved:

C. R. BARTEAU,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

OKOLONA, January 25, 1863.

General RUGGLES:

Scout reports enemy at Corinth; intends moving forces up Memphis and Charleston Railroad eastward.

C. R. BARTEAU,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &c.

DANIEL RUGGLES.

[Copy sent to General Bragg.]
HDQRS. MAURY'S DIV., Vicksburg, January 25, 1863.

Major REEVE,Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I have just returned from Snyder's Mill. The loss of powder at that point was occasioned by the caving in of the slopes of the entrance of a magazine, and by the giving way of the revetments over the entrance, under the heavy rains of the night before last. For more than a week a force has been employed on the magazines, endeavoring to correct what seem to be mistakes in their original construction.

There has been since the rains commenced a want of means of repairing the injuries done to the works.

General [L.] Hebert informs me that the planters give up their negroes very reluctantly, and hide away their tools, so that he has not been able to keep a heavy force at work.

There does not seem to be at this time much danger of the raft giving way, although they are using every effort in their power to strengthen it. There is no current in the Yazoo when the Mississippi is as high as.

