
it now is; and while the water continues as now, the force at Snyder's Mill seems ample to hold the position, for it can only be attacked by an infantry force with hopes of success along the front of the Graveyard Hill. I ordered parties to be sent out at once to impress negroes and tools.

Majors Jackson and Burnet have just returned from a reconnaissance; they report that there is no encampment of the enemy on this side of the river. They went as far as opposite the enemy's encampment on the other side, and exchanged shots with them. The enemy seems to be working on the canal.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY.
HDQRS. SECOND DISTRICT, DEPT. MISS. AND EAST, La., Vicksburg, January 25, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. S. LOVELL,Asst. Adjutant and Inspector GENERAL:

COLONEL: Your note calling for a statement of the locations of the troops of my command has just been received. In reply I have the honor to state that the folln assigned them:

Major-General Maury, commanding the right, from Snyder's Bluff to Indian Mound; aggregate effective, 6,304. Brigadier-General [S. M.]

Barton, from Indian Mound to bend of Mississippi at Race Course; aggregate effective, 2,030. Major-General [M. L.] Smith, Vicksburg, the heavy artillery, supported by Lee and Vaughn's brigade; aggregate effectives, 6,127. [A. W.] Reynolds' brigade south of the city, at or near Warrenton; aggregate effective, 4,207. Seven companies of Tracy's brigade leave tomorrow at 6 a. m., to guard the railroad bridge over Big Black and the approaches to it. Two companies of the same brigade guard the two and four mile railroad bridges; aggregate effective, 375. Aggregate effective of command, 20,856. But three of Taylor's regiments have yet arrived.

A slight change will be made in the locations tomorrow, which will be promptly reported to the lieutenant-general commanding.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant.

C. L. STEVENSON.

SPECIAL ORDERS. HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISS. AND EAST. La., Vicksburg, January 25, 1863.

Messrs. James Russell and David Reddit will proceed with the utmost dispatch to Point Lookout, and cut the levee effectually at that place, with the purpose of flooding the country now occupied by the enemy's army opposite Vicksburg. Either or both of these gentlemen are authorized and directed to call upon Messrs. A. Bass, William Deason, and Colonel Benton, for such assistance as may be necessary to accomplish the object.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

GRENADA, January 26, 1863.

Colonel J. R. WADDY:

The last of one brigade, Price's DIVISION, left for Jackson. Effective strength, 1,541. Lieutenant Colonel [W. H.] Dismukes commanding.

W. W. LORING.

