
think I shall select General Denver's DIVISION, which originally was part of Sherman's corps.

I will write more fully when I return.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,Germantown, February 20, 1863.

Captain HENRY BINMORE,

Asst. Adjt. General, SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: Yesterday arrived here a private of the Fourth Illinois Cavalry, who was captured by the rebels some three weeks since, and on Friday, the 13th instant, was released by them on parole at Jackson, MISS. He states that there are few troops at Grenada, and very few along the line of the Mississippi Central Railroad. At Jackson, General [John] Adams, of Tennessee, is in command, but at the post was only about one or two regiments of men. Rebel gossip at Jackson puts their forces at Port Hudson and Vicksburg at 60,000. He was sent back by way of Meridian, and over the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. At a point between Jackson and Meridian are being erected large machine-shops. Vast quantities of cotton, marked "Confederate States," are piled along the road. Recently great amounts of sugar have been shipped from Vicksburg and vicinity to Jackson and other points near. At Jackson, five large cotton-houses are filled with the hogsheads. Along the Mobile and Ohio Railroad hardly any troops are stationed; a single train of two or three cars runs over the road each day for local accommodations. About 10 miles north of Okolona are two regiments of cavalry. Three miles north of Okolona a bridge is destroyed, and trains stop at the town. At Jackson are about 20 Federal officers, kept in close confinement and on hard fare; also about 700 Federal soldiers. The authorities parole and send north by rail 12 men each day.

I desire to call your attention to one fact. There are among these prisoners 3 men of the Seventh Kansas Cavalry. General [L.] Tilghman has ordered them in irons, and they are now chained together, hand and foot, by heavy irons. This only because they are connected with that regiment. Is there any method of righting this wrong or of relation? If our policy will permit it, I will capture 3 Confederate officers within a fortnight and put them in irons in camp of Seventh Kansas, and then open a correspondence with General Tilghman.

Along this road all is quiet. The newspaper rumors of any considerable force south of it are entirely without foundation. The roads are almost impassable.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

A. L. LEE,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

BEFORE Vicksburg, February 21, 1863.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Comdg. Fifteenth Army Corps:

The enemy having captured one of our arms, with all her armament, and having several other armed vessels below here, makes it necessary for our security to have a battery of Parrott guns below Vicksburg. If practicable, I would like to have this battery placed below Warrenton. In this case the battery should be supported by a brigade of infantry.

