
I will renew my efforts to procure forage, and allow no chance to pass to procure everything required in my department.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. MIMS,

Major and Chief Quartermaster, Dept. of MISS. and East. La.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., February 6, 1863.

General J. C. PEMBERTON,

General Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: A day or two since I telegraphed, and have since written,* General E. sage through your department, to endeavor to arrange with you for the exchange of troops from his department for General Price's command, or, at least, General Price and his Missouri troops. It has long been contemplated and desired by the department, as soon as the safety of your command would allow, to transfer General Price, with his Missouri troops, to the Trans-Mississippi Department. Late events increase the wish, and if the matter can be arranged so as not to weaken your army materially, it would be very gratifying to the Department to have it accomplished without further delay. Should you be unable to arrange this exchange, then, as soon as you can spare General Smith. Great confidence is felt by the Department that, under your skillful leadership, the attack now being made against Vicksburg will be triumphantly repelled, and it is hoped that then it will be in your power to make safely the desired transfer.

With high esteem, most respectfully, yours,

J. A. SEDDON.

JACKSON, February 6, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, Tullahoma, Tenn.:

Unless the enemy designs landing below Vicksburg and a protracted investment, perhaps first capturing Port Hudson, I can see no purpose in his arrangements. Gunboat has returned. I am fitting out an expedition against her.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, February 6, 1863.

J. M. WHITE, Natchez:

Lieutenant-Colonel [W. S.] Lowell has been ordered to take command of the Webb.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Jackson, MISS., February 6, 1863.

Captain WILLIAM WREN:

SIR: You will repair without delay to Brookhaven, where you will be furnished by Major M. R. Clark with two companies of cavalry, with which you will proceed to such point on the Pearl River as you may

---------------

*For letter, February 5, see Series I, VOL. XXII, Part II, p. 781.

---------------

