
Vicksburg, February 8, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

From the movements of the transports yesterday and to-day, I think the water has forced the enemy to move their camps, which were below the canal, on this side, to Milliken's Bend.

C. L. STEVENSON.

YAZOO CITY, February 9, 1863, VIA VAUGHAN'S STATION, February 9.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

The enemy have cut the Yazoo Pass levee; contemplate, perhaps, assailing us down the Yazoo.

If we had two heavy guns from Mobile to send by way of Grenada and Yalabusha River to its mouth, we might there control the navigation, as the gunboats could attack only two abreast. Overflow would prevent enemy's attack on flank. Our Pass obstructions will only delay the enemy.

ISAAC N. BROWN,

C. S. Volunteers.

JACKSON, February (, 1863.

Captain I. N. BROWN, Yazoo City:

There is no probability of getting heavy guns from Mobile. Nor do I think the movement probable. If they should attempt it, we must depend on light artillery and rifles.

J. C. PEMBERTON.
HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Jackson, February 9, 1863.

Major L. MIMS, Jackson:

MAJOR: I am instructed by the lieutenant-general commanding to inform you that Brigadier-General [A.] Rust's brigade will move by march over the country roads to the Big Black River, He will need transportation by railroad for his heavy baggage only.

I am, major, very respectfully,W. H. McCARDLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Jackson, MISS., February 9, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WADDY,

A. A. G., Jackson, MISS.:

SIR: I am directed by His Excellency Governor Pettus to inform the lieutenant-general commanding this department that there are a large number of men in the northern portion of the State within the age of conscription, but many of them are within the enemy's lines, and many others are in such close proximity to the Federals that they are beyond the reach of the conscript officers, whom they are determined to avoid as long as possible. The most of these men would organize themselves into companies and join the service, either State or Confederate, if they could have any assurance that they would not be dismounted and conscripted as soon as they should get within reach of the conscript officers.

