
Forrest fired on gunboat yesterday; reported to have killed, commander and 5 men. Maxwell said to have re-enforced him. Obstructions in Pass said to be impassable. Transports are going down river loaded with picks, spades, and wheelbarrows; one with cavalry. River falling slowly.

W. W. LORING.

JACKSON, February 12, 1863.

General PEMBERTON, Vicksburg:

The following dispatches have been received from General Johnston,

February 11 and 12:

Brigadier-General Chalmers has been ordered to report to you; not yet recovered from a wound. Brigadier General Dan. W. Adams applies to be transferred to you. Have you an adequate place for him? also wounded.

Major Dawson reports that private cars take freight over the Vicksburg Railroad, but Government cannot ship on it. Cannot the president of the road remedy this matter? This army is in great need of salt, molasses, and sugar.

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, MISS., February 12, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON, Vicksburg, MISS.:

General [T. C.] Tupper has received the following dispatch, and forwarded it to this office:

Three Federal gunboats and two transports made their appearance in Moon Lake Sunday morning [8th instant]; landed some infantry and cavalry. One gunboat started down the Yazoo Pass. The blockade is thought to be ineffectual. The Mississippi River is not rising.

W. C. MAXWELL,

Captain, Commanding.

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant General.

HDQRS. RIVER BATTERIES, Vicksburg, MISS., February 12, 1863.

Captain WILLIAM ELLIOTT:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that, in obedience to your direction, I have examined the position indicated by you in rear of Colonel Beltzhover's quarters, and find the bluff too high to work the Blakely gun upon to the best advantage, and that the depression requisite to command the landing, near the steamer Vicksburg, cannot be obtained. I would respectfully recommend that the gun be removed to the vicinity of the upper water batteries, where we are weak, and where guns of long range and heavy caliber can be used to great advantage, as in approaching the city the enemy's vessels will be exposed to the fire of the upper guns for a long time, and for a portion of the distance will be obliged to come head-on to the battery. I would also respectfully recommend that the upper water battery be further strengthened by heavy guns, which can command the doubling of the river, and that the light guns, such as smooth-bore 32-pounders, be removed to position lower down and more suitable to their range. If the enemy's iron-clads succeed in passing the others. If their plan of attack should be to use their iron-clads to silence our batteries in detail, and then get their transports where they want them, I think a successful resistance of the

