
plan could be made by a few more heavy guns planted at the point indicated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HIGGINS,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Approved, and respectfully recommended.

STEPHEN D. LEE.
HDQRS. SMITH'S DIV., Vicksburg, February 12, 1863.

Major THEO. Johnston,Commissary of Subsistence, Jackson:

DEAR SIR: I have received yours in relation to putting the mills on board the steamboat Scotland. I am informed that the corn received at Haynes' Bluff for this department is in a rotting condition, having been exposed to the rains, and kept in a leaky cotton-gin, where it has not even an opportunity to dry after being soaked cotton-gin, where it has not even an opportunity to the rains, and kept in a leaky cotton-gin, where it has not even an opportunity to dry after being soaked by the late rains.

Captain Brooks, owner of the steamboat Edward J. Gay, is now here, and says he will send the boat down to Haynes', to serve as a store-boat, for the same price quartermaster's department pays for the Scotland. The Gay is a larger and better boat, and has an engine to which we can attach the mills at once. Major Scott, assistant commissary of subsistence of General Hebert, will have the stores put on her at once, and I think we ought to secure her at once, as the quartermaster's department will take her, if we do not. Answer this immediately on receipt, as Mr. McFarland has already left here for the purpose of having the Gay send down to the Bluff for the quartermaster. I think it will be to the interest of the Government to secure her at once, in more ways than one.

T. B. REED,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.
HDQRS. SECOND DIST., DEPT. MISS. AND EASTERN La., Vicksburg, February 13, 1863.

Lieutenant TAYLOR, Aide-de-Camp:

LIEUTENANT: The following is the information called for in your note of to-day:

Mississippi troops	 Aggregate	 Brigade

 effective

 present

First Light Artillery	 789	 Lee's.

THIRD Infantry	 572	 Not brigaded.

Fourth Infantry	 455	 Lee's.

Seventh Battalion	 170	 Hebert's.

Thirty-FIFTH Infantry	 414	 Moore's.

Thirty-sixth Infantry	 312	 Hebert's.

Thirty-seventh Infantry	 420	 Do.

Thirty-eighth Infantry	 264	 Do.

Fortieth Infantry	 217	 Moore's.

Forty-THIRD Infantry	 483	 Hebert's.

Forty-sixth Infantry	 407	 Lee's.

SECOND Regiment State	 106

troops

SECOND Battalion State	 88

troops

NOTE. -Companies A and G, First Mississippi Light Artillery, are detached with General Hebert's brigade; the SECOND Regiment and SECOND Battalion State troops are serving with Hebert's brigade.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,C. L. STEVENSON.

