
gunboats have succeeded in passing the batteries at Vicksburg; our supplies by the Mississippi River cannot, therefore, be depended upon for the future. It is, moreover, possible that the enemy may succeed in opening the canal, or, by taking advantage of the darkness, may even run by some of his transports. In fine, either from above or below there is a possibility that troops may be landed and Vicksburg be invested by land and water. I do not know that we have the right to assign to any definite period the determination of his efforts to capture this important position; hence it is evident that there should be not only large supplies of subsistence, but also of ordnance stores, provided to meet the emergency which, by possibility, may arise. Stringent orders have been given [and, I believe, are as well enforced as such orders can be among volunteer troops] to prevent the waste of ammunition, and there is now on hand a sufficiency for a battle, but not for a protracted siege.

Many believe that the enemy will get through the Yazoo Pass, and I am informed that, by the use of steam saw mills, three quarters of a mile of solid obstructions were removed in two days. The whole country being under water, the enemy will be confined to boats in his operations in that direction, but the same cause prevents a land movement on my part to check his advance for the present. I do not apprehend anything serious from this demonstration; my's purpose to lay siege to Vicksburg, this is doubtless part of his plan to cut off our supplies, and would materially assist the investment of the place. Taking into consideration the foregoing facts, I respectfully ask that Your Excellency will direct as full a supply of ammunition to be furnished for the defense of Vicksburg as the state of the Ordnance Department will possibly admit of.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON.
HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Jackson, February 17, 1863.

Major General T. C. TUPPER,Commanding Mississippi State Troops, Jackson, MISS.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say to you that transfers cannot be granted in such cases; that is, from the volunteers to the State troops. Inclosed is a copy of instructions as to the cotton trade.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. STAFFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Jackson, February 17, 1863.

J. H. HATCH, Esq., Collector:

SIR: Under the laws of war, all trade with the enemy is illicit, and the lieutenant-general commanding is ordered to prevent and put a stop to this trade. When goods are brought in without a manifest from foreign ports, they must be seized and turned over to the Confederate commissioner for his decision. In all such cases, if you can collect the duties and then turn them over, there is no objection to your doing so. If you give an assurance to the proper officer that the goods shall be turned over to the commissioner, they may be delivered up to you for that purpose; but all goods brought in, evidently purchased of the enemy,

