
I have issued an order to Colonel [R.] McCulloch to hold his cavalry in readiness to march in the direction of the Coldwater, if a practicable road can be discovered.

Colonel Waul has established a line of couriers between this point and Vaiden, on the Central Railroad, through which channel communication with headquarters may be conveniently held.

I inclose you a rough sketch of the position here. * That portion in ink will represent the works that are being constructed. Colonel Waul will send you a more accurate sketch of the river and works as soon as the engineer can prepare it for you.

Will go up the Tallahatchee to-morrow in the direction of the Coldwater, with the view of finding some other suitable points for the erection of works or obstruction of the streams, proceeding up the Coldwater toward the Yazoo Pass. My progress up the latter, however, will depend entirely upon the information I may be enabled to obtain respecting the strength of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING.

JACKSON, February 22, 1863.

Senior Officer of General Rust's Brigade, near Edwards Depot:

General [A.] Rust has been ordered to proceed forthwith to Port Hudson. You will leave heavy baggage, tents, and wagons under a guard. You will take ammunition, cooking utensils, three days' rations, cooked. The train, when it arrives, must not be kept waiting, but all must move promptly.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, February 22, 1863.

Brigadier-General RUGGLES, Columbus, MISS.:

Order 100 mounted men from [W. A.] Hewlett's battalion, or any other corps in your district, to report immediately to Major [H. M.] Mathews, at Fayetteville, Ala.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, February 22, 1863.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON:

Direct General [W. E.] Baldwin to report for duty to General [M. L.]

Smith, for duty with his DIVISION. Colonel [S. W.] Ferguson was advised that no re-enforcements could be sent him, and directed to exercise his discretion in staying or withdrawing. His confidential letter replied to by messenger direct. This to save delay.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Jackson, February 22, 1863.

Brigadier General John S. BOWEN:

GENERAL: As it is necessary to throw into Vicksburg all the commissary's supplies possible, the lieutenant-general commanding desires you to obtain your supplies of meal and meat in the vicinity of your

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

