
encampment, if possible. He is advised that this can be done, and you are authorized to purchase. He also learns that potatoes and turnips to a large amount could be obtained in the same neighborhood, which must be issued according to regulations, as a substitute for some other part of the rations. Advise the lieutenant-general commanding what amount of provisions can be had from these sources.

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

J. THOMPSON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

MOUTH YAZOO PASS, February 22, 1863.

Captain Thomas HENDERSON:

DEAR SIR: Today the Federals were working on the last blockade in Yazoo Pass, and finished clearing it out in the afternoon. About 4 o'clock they entered Coldwater. One gunboat and three transports are at the mouth of the Pass. They have a force of about 3,000 infantry and cavalry [300 cavalry] camped within 3 miles above the mouth of the Pass. The obstructions placed in Coldwater below the Pass have been washed off by the high water.

Very respectfully,

VOORHEIS.

P. S. -The water is very high, and I was compelled to go to the Pass in a skiff.
HEADQUARTERS WAUL'S Texas LEGION, Camp Pemberton, February 22, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

I have the honor to report that the works are progressing; that my command is on position and in fine spirits. No work could be done yesterday on account of the exceedingly wet weather. Today the sun shines brightly, and we can proceed rapidly. General Loring remained here yesterday. This morning he went on an expedition up the Tallahatchee and Coldwater Rivers as far as safe and practicable. I have sent with him 120 men as sharpshooters.

The general informs me that herewith he sends you a detailed account of our progress. I shall keep you advised of our action at this point.

I am, very respectfully,T. N. WAUL,

Colonel, Commanding.

COLUMBUS, MISS., February 22, 1863-9. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

The following dispatch just received from Lieutenant-Colonel Barteau, at Okolona:

OKOLONA, February 22, 1863.

Five hundred Yankee cavalry, with six pieces of artillery, on road from Bay Springs to Fulton. Two prisoners captured from their advance guard yesterday, near Bay Springs, just sent in.

DANIEL RUGGLES.

