HDQRS. FIRST DIST., DEPT. OF MISS. AND E. La., Columbus, MISS., February 22, 1863.

His Excellency Thomas O. MOORE,Governor of Louisiana:

GOVERNOR: I had the honor to receive on the 14th ultimo, on the eve of leaving Jackson for this place, your favor of the 2nd of January, in reply to my letter of the 2nd of December last.

Appreciating the candor of your declaration, I am constrained to accept the disclaimer on your part of attributing wrong to me in motive or action.

This under ordinary circumstances would seem to preclude further consideration of the subject, but as Your Excellency has not thought proper to recall that most unjust letter to the President, to which I have reason to know that he attached importance, justice to myself renders it necessary to forward a copy of the entire correspondence for such consideration as the President may be pleased to give it. To me, who have always entertained and expressed sentiments most favorable to the character, both private and official, of Your Excellency, it has been a matter of painful regret that even the semblance of a charge so unfounded should have been sent, especially in a private, unofficial way, from so influential a source to the Confederate Executive.

I have felt, and still feel, that I have claims to other consideration from the Executive of the State of Louisiana. The transmission of my former letter to you unsigned was an official oversight, for which I cannot account, and, as a means of detecting other omissions or inaccuracies in that communication, I now have the honor to transmit a copy carefully prepared.

I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES.
HEADQUARTERS WAUL'S Texas LEGION, Camp Pemberton, February 23, 1863.

Colonel J. R. WADDY,Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

COLONEL: Should the fact be ascertained that the enemy have passed the obstructions in the Pass and are moving down, I deem it of the utmost importance that we should have more field-pieces and other batteries; mountain howitzers, even, could be made very efficient. Large 24-pounder howitzers, if to be procured, would render this neck not only defensive, but nearly impregnable. Should the neck be lost, the enemy at once blockades the Tallahatchee, Yalabusha, and Yazoo Rivers, as the occupation of this point would at once cut off the army supplies.

I write this, as General Loring may not return for several days.

Respectfully,

T. N. WAUL,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Colonel WADDY:

Telegraph to General Stevenson to send up the Point Coupee Battery at once if it has not already gone. On arrival at Yazoo City, General Loring will give instructions. Tell General Stevenson I will be in Vicksburg to-night.

J. C. P. [Pemberton.]

41 R R-VOL. XXIV, PT. III

