
to Snyder's, which I fear it is not. Shall inquire at once of General Stevenson. Any further re-enforcements must come from General Tilghman's brigade. Have you not got a rifled 32 at Yazoo? I think you have as much infantry and field artillery as you can advantageously use at your present position.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, February 27, 1863.

Major-General STEVENSON, Vicksburg:

You must, if possible, blow up the Indianola. I wish to send General E. K. Smith 10-inch columbiad now at Vicksburg to Yazoo City, if possible. Can it be got there; if not, what other heavy guns can be sent and replaced by the 10-inch? Answer immediately.

J. C. PEMBERTON.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISS. AND EAST La., Number 58. Jackson, MISS., February 27, 1863.

*			*			*			*			*

V. At his own request, sanctioned by the War Department at Richmond, Va., Major General Sterling Price, Provisional Army C. S., is relieved from duty in this department, and will report to Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith, Provisional Army C. S., for duty in the Trans-Mississippi Department.

VI. In compliance with the desire of the Secretary of War, as expressed by letter, as soon as the troops now composing Major-General Price's DIVISION can be replaced by a corresponding number from the Trans-Mississippi Department, they will be ordered to report to General Price for duty. Should, however, the troops referred to from the Trans-Mississippi Department not be able to replace those of Major-General Price's DIVISION, the Missouri troops, forming a part of Major-General Price's DIVISION, the Missouri troops, forming a part of said DIVISION, will be sent to join General Price in the Trans-Mississippi Department as soon as the exigencies of the service will admit of it.

VII. Major General Sterling Price will take with him, as an escort, Captain [R.] Collins' company Missouri cavalry, now acting as body-guard.

*			*			*			*			*

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

J. R. WADDY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, February 28, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond, Va.:

Confederate fleet abandoned the Indianola on approach of what was supposed to be turreted iron-clad. I am not satisfied that it was a gunboat, but have no definite intelligence yet. Indianola was blown up, by order of General Stevenson, on the night of 26th. I approve.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

