
as the above statements are concerned, they corroborate them. The raking of the entire State of Mississippi for stock and provisions is as vigorously carried on as it was in Tennessee by Bragg. Van Dorn took about 8,000 mounted men and two batteries away with him. He is now at Columbia, Tenn., with Wheeler and Forrest, and Bragg has taken everything that is movable and that his army does not really need south of the Tennessee. He had put the railroad in order from Decatur to Tuscumbia; bought up all the corn in the valley, and got ready to move it by cars to Decatur and by boat to Bridgeport just as I struck Tuscumbia. My forces are on their way to Decatur now, which will stop that game. I still have men in Meridian, Columbus, Mobile, and Jackson, while one has gone on to Vicksburg, and will try to get to you. Every one sends up the same report, and you have got the substance of them in this.

These little items may all be known to you, but, as they came so direct to me, I believe it is my duty to send them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Lake Providence, La., February 24, 1863.

Brigadier General J. McARTHUR,

Comdg. Sixth DIVISION:

GENERAL: Intelligence of a favorable character has just been received from our forces at Greenville. To pursue the advantage gained, the major-general commanding directs that your order two good regiments from your command to report forthwith on board the steamer Maria Denning, fully armed and equipped, and provided with three days' rations. The commanding officer will be instructed to report to the officer in command at Greenville, and, if no necessity requires the re-enforcement herein ordered, will return at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

YOUNG'S POINT, La., February 24, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding SIXTEENTH Army Corps, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Please send to this place, with as little delay as possible, as many able-bodied negro laborers as can be had or spared from Memphis and other portions of your command. They are much needed here for work on the canal.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Before Vicksburg, February 24, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Comdg. SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: I sustain your course in not permitting Rayfield to be tried before a disloyal court and jury, and will also sustain you in forcing outside of our every disloyal person of whatever age or sex. I

5 R R-VOL XXIV, PT III

