
JACKSON, March 6, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

We will co-operate when practicable. Have had interview. No gunboats of enemy between Vicksburg and Port Hudson. Water too high to raise Indianola now. Enemy works day and night at canal. Enemy reported yesterday in Coldwater, mouth of Yazoo Pass; large force. Enemy collecting mortar-boats at Baton Rouge. My main difficulty to contend with at present is transportation of supplies. Railroad much injured by heavy rains. Have sent to Corinth for information. Latest is that enemy is massing troops there.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, March 6, 1863.

Major-General STEVENSON, Vicksburg:

Are you aware that Bayou Pierre is navigable at high water? Grand Gulf may be taken in the rear. You can occupy Grand Gulf with Featherston's brigade and field battery of Parrott guns.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, March 6, 1863.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON, Vicksburg:

Prevent circulation of to-day's issue of Appeal and Crisis in Vicksburg, as well as the Mississippian.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

CHATTANOOGA, March 6, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

One [R. V.] Richardson, claiming to have authority of the War Department to raise partisan rangers in Mississippi and WEST Tennessee, is accused of great oppression. If he has any authority, I respectfully recommend that it be withdrawn.

J. E. Johnston.

FIRST DISTRICT, DEPT. OF MISS., AND EASTERN La., Columbus, MISS., March 6, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

SIR: I have the honor to state, for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding, that much anxiety exists among planters throughout Northeastern Mississippi on the question of protection of the planting interest generally. At present the protection is inadequate, and they are apprehensive that the labor and expense incurred in sowing their crop will be lost, and that the undertaking will be attended with disaster. It is apparently well understood that the district embraced covers about the best grain-producing portion of the State, and would be capable, under careful, or even ordinary, management, of producing supplies for almost the entire force now employed in the department. This district has been much depended on for supplies since the great campaign opened at Corinth more than a year since.

I have, in connection with the immediate demand for supplies, ordered Lieutenant-Colonel [C. R.] Barteau to advance to Verona, 16 miles above Okolona, although his troops are miserably armed, and deficient in number,

