
with not even ammunition sufficient for a skirmish. [See report of a board of officers, appended, marked A.]*

I have also directed that the railroad track be repaired to that point for the transit of supplies as rapidly as possible.

I recommend for the consideration of the lieutenant-general commanding-

1. That Colonel Barteau's cavalry be immediately armed with good, serviceable arms, and supplied with 50 cartridges per man, say 22,800 rounds.

2. That Colonel [W. W.] Faulkner's regiment, and such other troops as are being organized in this district, be immediately armed, and ordered to report to me for duty near Verona or at Cotton Gin.

3. That Major [W. A.] Hewlett's battalion be completely armed and supplied with ammunition, and recruited as far as practicable without delay.

4. That horses and barns be furnished immediately for a company [Captain Thrall's] of light artillery, for service with cavalry in the field.

5. That Brigadier-General [J. V.] Harris' brigade of State troops be supplied with serviceable arms.

6. That one well-disciplined regiment of Confederate troops be sent here for service at or in advance of Okolona.

7. That the companies of partisan rangers and independent companies of mounted men, organized and now organizing in this district, be organized in battalions or regiments, to insure efficiency and unity of action.

8. That a systematic mode of purchasing supplies be adopted for the respective staff departments.

The accompany reports and returns, and papers containing official information, will show the necessity of recommendations above stated.

I have also to state, for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding, that there is reason to believe that the enemy is concentrating in some force on the Tennessee River, near Florence, and at Tuscumbia, Ala., with the apparent design of operating on the rear or flank of General Bragg's army.

Some scouts from the enemy's lines have infested our settlements beyond the reach of our limited means of resistance, until much disaffection, discontent, and complaint have been manifested in a large district embracing the northeastern corner of this State, as well as in a portion of Alabama.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES.

JACKSON, MISS., March 7, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

My scouts report, 4th instant, 12,000 to 15,000 troops left Corinth for Florence by land, and six transports and iron-clad have landed troops there. Reported they will take 25,000 troops up, and go on to Bridgeport, Tenn. Two iron-clads and several transports lying in Tennessee River. Force left in Corinth about 3,000.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

[Telegraphed by Johnston to Bragg and Cooper, March 8.]

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

