
CHATTANOOGA, March 7, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Can Colonel [R. F.] Looney raise force enough to control Richardson? If so, he had better do it, and arrest Richardson. Are there State troops that might help him?

J. E. Johnston.

JACKSON, March 7, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond:

General Stevenson, commanding Vicksburg, telegraphs, March 4-

The Indianola is not destroyed. We are at work to raise her. One 11-inch gun was bursted; the others are not injured. Further by mail.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

GRENADA, MISS., March 8, 1863-9. 50 a. m.

Colonel WADDY:

I have this moment received the inclosed from Mitchell's Cross-Roads, dated 7th, a. m.:

Scouts report about thirty transports passing mouth of Coldwater this morning. Scout, still there, will report number definitely to-morrow.

McCULLOCH,

Colonel, Commanding.

I have sent a courier to General Loring.

LLOYD TILGHMAN.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. FORCES, Washington County, Mississippi, March 8, 1863.

To the Officer in Command of U. S. Forces near Greenville:

SIR: I have been informed that two men of my command, left by my order at Greenville, MISS., with flag of truce, for the purpose of delivering a letter addressed to Captain Sutherland, U. S. Navy, on official business, were taken off from point on the 6th instant by the forces of the United States. In consequence of this, I send an officer, under flag of truce, to Greenville, to deliver this letter. If my information proves correct, I would request to be informed on what grounds, and by whose authority, this violation, as I must consider it, of the rights and usages of war has been committed. I am the more urged to make this request, as the same men were a day or two before taken, disarmed, and carried on board the United States vessel Curlew, where their dispatch was opened and read. With the hope that this matter may at once receive the attention of the United States authority,I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. FERGUSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Pemberton, March 8, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding Department:

The following just received:

I have inclosed you this morning information of the advance of the enemy down the Tallahatchee River. It may be but their advance party to guard against accident. I would advise sending at once to Yazoo City some heavy guns, and a force to

