
will also approve of closing all business with persons living outside of the city. In other words, if you deem it proper to prohibit intercourse between the country and city, do so.

The district is in your command, and you can make use of the means at your hand to enforce orders.

I would suggest Colonel Howe, THIRD U. S. Cavalry, as a good selection to place in command of the town to bring it to order and enforce any new and stringent orders you may find it necessary to publish.

Have Rayfield tried as you propose, and prohibit all actions of the civil authorities, unless they (the officers) give satisfactory evidence of loyalty.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT.
HDQRS. SECOND DIST., DEPT. OF MISS. AND EAST La.,Vicksburg, February 24, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding U. S. Forces in Front of Vicksburg:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the lieutenant-general commanding this department to transmit to you the inclosed copy of a notice purporting to have been issued by Admiral David D. Porter, U. S. Navy. I request that you will inform me whether this document is authentic; and, if it be, whether the operations of any part of the forces under you are to be conducted in accordance with the principles announced by Admiral Porter or those of civilized warfare?*

While the troops of this Confederacy whom I have the honor to command will actively repel the invasion of our territory by the forces of the United States, it is my desire that their operations shall be in accordance with the usages of war, of humanity, and of civilization. I shall deplore the necessity of any departure from them. Therefore I hope this notice of Admiral Porter is not authentic, or that it will be reconsidered, and that in no case will its threats be executed, because I am instructed to say, if they are, the fullest retaliation will be inflicted upon the Federal prisoners now in our hands, or whom we may capture, and no quarter will be given to any officer, soldier, or citizen of the United States taken in the act of burning houses, laying waste the plantations, or otherwise wantonly destroying the property of the citizens of this Confederacy; and that all such persons suspected of having been guilty of such acts will not, if taken, be treated as prisoners of war, but will be kept in close confinement.

Relying upon your disposition to co-operate with me in averting the necessity for a resort to such measures, I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON.

[Inclosure.]

NOTICE.

Persons taken in the act of firing on unarmed vessels from the banks will be treated as highwaymen and assassins, and no quarter will be shown them. Persons strongly suspected of firing on unarmed vessels will not receive the usual treatment of prisoners of war, but will be kept in close confinement.

If this savage and barbarous Confederate----cannot be put a

---------------

*See Porter's reply, March 2, p. 77.

---------------

