
that Captain Sutherland should be informed the letter was for him. About the time this news reached me, and before I could communicate with the sergeant referred to, I heard from a citizen that a gunboat had landed and taken off two men. I at once dispatched another party with a flag of truce and letter, a copy of which please find inclosed,* as well as a copy of the answer I received to it. I cannot learn by what boat they were taken, and have not received an answer from Admiral Porter. Their horses and horse equipments I found at Greenville. Since the receipt of Captain [J. M.] Prichett's letter, I have posted a picket at or near Greenville, but from the 23rd instant to that time I had no troops nearer than 20 miles, except the party with the flag, and I need not add that the assertion of Captain Prichett in regard to the flags of truce is utterly false, and that none but those mentioned herein have been sent or been seen there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. FERGUSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

GRENADA, March 13, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

My aggregate of infantry here is 488, and will grow less, I fear. Thirty-three desertions in the last forty-eight hours.

J. Z. GEORGE.

FORT PEMBERTON, March 13, 1863-7. 50 p. m.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Just as I sent off my last dispatch to you, enemy opened upon us again with one gunboat's guns and land battery and 13-inch mortar. Kept it up with great spirit until after sunset. Ammunition for heavy guns arrived just now.

W. W. LORING.

LLOYD TILGHMAN.

JACKSON, March 13, 1863.

General TILGHMAN:

If [R.] McCulloch's cavalry cannot be moved across except by cars, he can operate north of the Tallahatchee. What amount of cavalry is now toward Greenwood? Answer at once.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

Vicksburg, March 13, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

The force in front much reduce; probably removed above break in levee, to Milliken's Bend. Scout from Tallulah reports McClernand's DIVISION at Milliken's; that they have abandoned the canal at Providence, and are working large force from Grand Lake to Bayou Macon; dredging machine not advanced; water fell half an inch.

C. L. STEVENSON.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

