
stop to, we try what virtue there is in hanging. All persons, no matter who they are, who are caught in the act of pillaging the houses of the inhabitants along the river, levying contributions, or burning cotton will receive no quarter if caught in the act, or if it is proved upon them.

By order of David D. Porter, acting rear-admiral:

EDWIN W. SUTHERLAND,

Captain, Commanding Ram Monarch.

YOUNG'S POINT, La., February 25, 1863-6 a. m.

P. B. STANBERRY,

Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 15th A. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the firing from the rebel batteries near the city, at 12 p. m., was occasioned by a boat which is now lying below the mouth of canal, and proves to be a flat-boat rigged up to represent a gunboat. She has a square turret forward, with a mock cannon projecting toward the bow from within. Smoke-stacks made of flour barrels; wheel-house, &amp;c., covered all over with a thick coat of tar. Has a hole just above the water-line at the bow, from a shot. Nothing else of interest.

Very respectfully, yours,

S. HASSLER,

SECOND Lieutenant Thirty-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry.
HDQRS. C. S. FORCES IN WASHINGTON COUNTY, MISS.,February 25, 1863.

Captain E. W. SUTHERLAND, U. S. Navy,

Commanding Ram Monarch:

SIR: I desire to communicate with you officially in reference to the recent notice of Admiral Porter, communicated to me by you. *

Should you agree to honor me with an interview, I will meet you with flag of truce at such proper time and place as you may designate.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. FERGUSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding C. S. Forces.

MEMPHIS, February 25, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

SIR: Notwithstanding my urgent application to Fleet Captain Pennock to push gunboats rapidly up the Tennessee, to intercept Van Dorn in crossing, the boats, for some cause, did not arrive until after his column had crossed.

On the 20th, 60 men of the THIRD Michigan Cavalry crossed at Clifton, captured Colonel [J. F.] Newsom and 61 officers and men, 40 horses and equipments and arms, losing none on our side. The town, with considerable commissary stores, and the ferries, were destroyed.

Dodge's cavalry is out in Northern Alabama, where he is materially

---------------

*See inclosure in Stevenson to Grant, February 24, p. 66.

---------------

