
JACKSON, March 15, 1863.

Colonel BENJ. S. EWELL, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Following just received from Captain [Samuel] Henderson, commanding scouts:

GRENADA, March 15.

Just received the following from General Carroll at Hernando. My scouts have not heard it:

"There is no doubt but a force larger than Rosecrans is going up Tennessee River, to get in rear of Bragg. "

J. C. PEMBERTON.

[Copies to Cooper and Johnston, March 16.]

JACKSON, March 15, 1863.

Major-General LORING,

Fort Pemberton, via Grenada, [Care of General George]:

McCulloch has not been placed under Chalmers. His orders are to mouth of Coldwater, except [J. G.] Stocks' regiment, which remains south of Tallahatchee, being very small and ill-armed. I have ordered arms up to him. If you can communicate with McCulloch readily, you may control all the movements of his cavalry north and south of Yalabusha, and dispose of them as circumstances may require, notifying me of any important change. Answer.

J. C. PEMBERTON.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, On way to Coldwater, near Charleston, March 15, 1863.

R. W. MEMMINGER,Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

My command having been so greatly reduced, I deem it advisable to give you my present effective strength, which is in all 15 officers and 223 men, and to inform you that a great part of my force has been taken away from me. Colonel [W. W.] Faulkner and Colonel [L.] Willis, who were ordered to report to me, have never done so, and Colonel [J. G.] Stocks' command is now ordered to remain on south side of Yalabusha River, also one company from my regiment, which leaves me the above small force, composing balance of SECOND Missouri and SECOND Arkansas Cavalry. I respectfully present the above facts that you may know the force I have to operate with, and send me additional force, if you think proper.

R. McCULLOCH,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, March 16, 1863.

General J. C. PEMBERTON, Jackson, MISS.:

You propose to supply your army. Are you willing, retaining only a fair proportion of sugar accumulated by the Commissary-General within your department, sending on the rest, and, confining yourself for supplies to your department, to assume the responsibility of supplying your army?

J. A. SEDDON.

