
JACKSON, March 16, 1863.

Major-General LORING, Fort Pemberton:

General Stevenson telegraphed me on the 12th that a 20-pounder Parrott and an 8-inch navy gun would reach Yazoo City on that night. You had better mount those guns at Fort Pemberton; ammunition was sent with them; two 20-pounder Parrotts were also sent from here day before yesterday. I have not, as you know, guns enough for three batteries on the Yazoo and Tallahatchee Rivers. If you think you can hold your present position by concentrating all your force, you should do so. I will endeavor to send up another 8-inch or 42-pounder, but it will take time.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, March 16, 1863.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON:

General Loring says two of the largest class boats have come down; he thinks it requires the heaviest guns to resist them. They are now erecting land batteries with heavy guns. An 8-inch or 10-inch columbiad, and a 42-pounder, must be sent up to Fort Pemberton, via Snyder's Mill, with ammunition, carriage, and everything complete. State when they will go. Have the two 20-pounder Parrott guns gone up to Yazoo City?

J. C. PEMBERTON.

PANOLA, March 16, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON:

The enemy reported in Hernando yesterday morning, and moving this way; about 5,000 infantry, artillery, and cavalry. We have been getting large quantities of stores. I would like to have [R.] McCulloch's cavalry here to guard the crossings. I will go up to meet the enemy with what men I can collect.

JAMES R. CHALMERS.

NATCHEZ, MISS., March 16, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Sloop Hartford and gunboat Monongahela passed Red River this morning, going up.

W. S. LOVELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

CHATTANOOGA, March 16, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector GENERAL:

Dispatch just received from General Pemberton,* somewhat confused, gives information through Captain Henderson, Grenada, and General Carroll, Hernando, MISS., that there is [no] doubt that a force larger than Rosecrans' is up Tennessee River to get in General Bragg's rear.

Forwarded, in General Johnston's absence, by command of General Johnston.

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See March 15, p. 671.

---------------

