
that you will send couriers, as many as you think necessary, to report to Captain [J. C.] Landis, at Winkler's Bluff, in order that they may bring you early information of the enemy's attempt to go up the stream, and you may dispatch warning in time to the boats lying in it.

Please send the inclosed instructions to Captain Landis, after reading and sealing them.

By order of Brigadier-General Bowen:

R. R. HUTCHINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, Grand Gulf, March 18, 1863.

Captain [J. C.] LANDIS, Winkler's Bluff:

SIR: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you allow no boats to pass into the Mississippi River without his order, and warn all that arrive, while the gunboats are in this vicinity, to move farther up.

In case the enemy make an attempt to pass up Big Black, you will notify Colonel [W.] Adams promptly of the fact, as also of their success or failure. Colonel Adams will order couriers to report to you for this purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. R. HUTCHINSON.
HEADQUARTERS, Grand Gulf, March 18, 1863.

[Colonel WIRT ADAMS,

Commanding Cavalry:]

COLONEL: General Bowen directs me to send you the inclosed copies of telegrams, and requests that you will have the orders contained in them carried out immediately.

Please send a discreet officer on the scout up Big Black after the Anna Perrette, who will examine whether there is such a place on Big Black as that desired by General Stevenson, from whence the guns could be brought over by land to this place. If he finds such a place, let him order the boat to stop there, in General Bowen's name, and report the distance from here and the nature of the roads at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. HUTCHINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. -Of course it is desired that the landing place be as near here as possible.

MARCH 19, 1863.

General J. C. PEMBERTON:

Your telegram of 15th received. Have ordered four columbiads to be sent to you from Alabama River, and two heavy rifled guns from here. Await further intelligence from you with great anxiety.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

JACKSON, March 19, 1863-4 p. m.

JEFFERSON DAVIS:

PRESIDENT: The following telegram 12 o'clock last night:

Several gunboats have gone up Steele's Bayou, thence through Black Bayou to Deer Creek. The citizens of Vicksburg, and of that section, told me it was absolutely

