
impracticable. I will send at once a force to Rolling Fork and place a battery at mouth of Deer Creek.

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General.

General Loring reports, 9 o'clock last night, all quiet to-day. No movement that we could discover. Have taken every step to annoy transports. Hartford and Monongahela passed Grand Gulf, going up, 7 a. m. to-day. Were struck repeatedly by 10-pounder Parrotts. Hope to have naval guns in position to-morrow. Dredging-boat showed itself 400 yards from mouth of canal; three shells drove it back; has not appeared since. Nothing important from Port Hudson.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

MOBILE, March 19, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

My latest information from New Orleans is, that all effective troops, with nearly their entire shipping, are up the river.

S. B. BUCKNER.

JACKSON, March 19, 1863.

General BOWEN,

Grand Gulf, via Port Gibson:

The Anna Perrette left Big Black Bridge yesterday morning at 8 o'clock with heavy guns.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

GRAND GULF, March 19, 1863.

Major J. J. REEVE,

Assistant-GENERAL:

Paul Jones is at Allen's Mills in a disabled condition. Anna Perrette reported there. I must try and run the guns down; they cannot be hauled over the hills.

JNO. S. BOWEN.

JACKSON, March 19, 1863.

Brigadier-General BOWEN,

Grand Gulf, MISS.:

Hereafter you will report everything that occurs relative to your position and its defense direct to these headquarters. You are relieved from the command of General Stevenson. You will make the ordinary returns, reports, &amp;c., to General [J. H.] Forney. You will communicate anything important or interesting to Generals Stevenson and Forney by telegraph or otherwise, as case may require. Send me by mail copies of instructions received from General Stevenson; also sketches of defenses, and any suggestions. Mount heavy guns as rapidly as possible.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, March 19, 1863.

Captain I. N. BROWN, via Vaughan's Station:

I have ordered two of the cotton-boats to the mouth of Deer Creek, to capture the enemy's boats. I know of no better service for them at present. Hurry them up as soon as possible, with proper boarding force.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

