
cotton-clads? Have no doubt you can hold your position. All boats not absolutely needed for your purposes should be sent down beyond Snyder's Mill for safety.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, March 20, 1863.

Major-General STEVENSON:

The Star of the WEST has been sunk as obstructions at Fort Pemberton. I know nothing of the Mobile by name.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, March 20, 1863.

Major-General STEVENSON:

I expect you to build the raft on Big Black without delay. The tools were shipped to Major Orme on the 13th, and he was telegraphed of their departure. If they are not in Vicksburg, they will be duplicated here.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

HEADQUARTERS, Fort Pemberton, March 20, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON:

I have ordered General [J. C.] Moore to return to Yazoo City to-night, upon his arrival here, and to stop remainder of his command now on the way, and order it back also. Am told that they are not doing much to stop the enemy on Deer Creek. It is all-important to act with energy and judgment.

The enemy we have driven away will only return in case they get re-enforcements, so that I have ordered General Moore to hold himself in readiness to return here in case of necessity, or to act in the direction of Deer Creek, putting his raft, now completed at Yazoo City, below that city, at Liverpool, or some other point capable of defense, to prevent the enemy, should be get through, coming up Yazoo. I have ordered Colonel [A. E.] Reynolds' regiment up the Yalabusha, in order that he may send boats, canoes, with cannon on them, to intercept the enemy's transports by way of the Tippows. Captain [I. N.] Brown goes down with cotton-clad to-night.

W. W. LORING.

GRAND GULF, March 20, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Jackson, MISS.:

Have heard nothing from General Stevenson as to the location of the raft. Aid will be furnished when called for, and notified by him of the point at which it is needed. Five heavy guns arrived this morning, and are being put in position.

Bayou Pierre is navigable for gunboats as high as Port Gibson. Every means will be used to defend it. I have no salt, no small rations; beef very scarce, and the bacon, which arrived this morning, is reported tainted.

JNO. S. BOWEN.

