
TULLAHOMA, March 22, 1863.

General PEMBERTON:

General Van Dorn is not permanently detached from your department any more than General Stevenson from the Department of Middle Tennessee.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT PEMBERTON, March 22, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON:

This undoubtedly is the important point to be held. There cannot be two opinions as to the necessity of more troops in case they return, and for that reason should not look beyond Yazoo City for re-enforcements. Unless this place is strongly fortified, they will return again.

W. W. LORING.

JACKSON, March 22, 1863.

Colonel W. S. LOVELL, Natchez:

Send no more boats up the river until you are informed by General Stevenson or myself that it is safe.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

Vicksburg, March 22, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Lee goes this morning up Deer Creek with sufficient force to check them there.

C. L. STEVENSON.

Vicksburg, March 22, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Intercepted dispatches from Sherman to Porter received this morning. Porter is with gunboats on Deer Creek. Sherman on Black Bayou. Sherman has 1,000 men, and expected 1,000 more last night. Says he will push until he gets [D.] Stuart's DIVISION there. This is without doubt regarded the important expedition.

Featherston reports nine boats in his front, and large force of infantry marching from Steele's Bayou.

C. L. STEVENSON.

JACKSON, March 22, 1863.

General STEVENSON:

Featherston's and Ferguson's reports just received. Have already authorized you by telegraph to send any size percussions you may think necessary. An 8-inch and the [two] 20-pounder Parrotts are at Yazoo City. The only two cotton-clads left should before this be at the mouth of Sunflower or Deer Creek. If you deem it necessary, you can call [M. E.] Green's brigade [through Major-General Forney] to Vicksburg, or any threatened attack. Five heavy guns, are now mounted at Grand Gulf. They can hold mouth of Big Black. Have you a battery opposite mouth of Sunflower or Deer Creek? Cotton-boats can act at either

