
under your orders. Have you nothing later from Featherston? I advise another heavy gun at Snyder's as soon as possible; hope to receive them from Mobile to-night.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, March 22, 1863.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS:

Keep close watch. Should the enemy repair the road, endeavor to get in his rear and destroy it. If necessary, also destroy in front of enemy.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, March 22, 1863.

Captain S. HENDERSON, Grenada, MISS.:

Forward following dispatch to Colonel McCulloch:

Colonel R. McCULLOCH:

You will operate at any points on bank of river where you can harass the enemy in his retrograde movement. Fell timber and obstruct river, particularly at points our infantry can support.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

TULLAHOMA, March 23, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Comdg. Dept. of Mississippi and Eastern Louisiana, Jackson, MISS.:

GENERAL: I have just had the pleasure of reading your letter of the 14th instant. Your activity and vigor in the defense of the Mississippi must have secured for you the confidence of the people of the State; that of the Government you have previously won.

I presume, from the distances of your batteries from the mouth of the enemy's canal, that you have found it necessary to place them on the bluff's at a distance from the river shore. Would it be practicable to place field-pieces on the immediate bank, which might prevent the exit of transports? Might not the transports, after the canal is finished, attempt to pass your batteries in the night? I should think that it might not be improbable. At the distance of 1 3/4 miles, they could do it with trifling loss, while guns on the river bank, even light ones, could probably drive them back.

Will your two batteries below Vicksburg, one opposite to the outlet of the canal, the other at Grand Gulf, protect Vicksburg better than the concentration of all the guns near the outlet of the canal? The commanding of that point by your artillery seems to me the most important object.

If the ten heavy guns now at the two positions could be placed near the river, opposite to the outlet of the canal, they would, it seems to me, deprive the enemy of the advantage of his canal, as it would be as dangerous to pass them as Vicksburg itself, or those at Grand Gulf. Placed near the river opposite to the canal would serve your purpose better than at their present position, if the ground is not unfit.

Your fortification at Yazoo City is, I presume, a preparation for the time when the enemy will be able to march from the Mississippi to that point.

