
JACKSON, MISS., March 23, 1863-8. 30 p. m.

General C. L. STEVENSON, Vicksburg:

Courier arrived to-day at Fort Pemberton; reports enemy, re-enforced in gunboats and men, returning to attack that fort. The cotton-clads must be sent back immediately. Send a special messenger. One hundred and FIFTY rounds of ammunition and projectiles must go up at once. Use all expedition.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, March 23, 1863-9 p. m.

Brigadier-General MOORE, Yazoo City:

General Loring reports enemy returning with re-enforcements of men and gunboats to attack Fort Pemberton. It is necessary that the heavy guns should go up unless you have positive information that the enemy's gunboats are making their way down Deer Creek or Sunflower. If a boat is ready, let the two Parrott guns go at once. The columbiad can follow. Have boats and your entire command ready to move on summons from General Loring.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

GRENADA, March 23, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Jim [James T.] Wilson reports from Locopolis, 8 a. m. yesterday, ten boats, with about 400 troops on each, passed down since noon, 21st instant. Others lying above; cannot tell how many. No troops landing. Captain Harper has flat-boat loaded with pine knots in creek, watching chance to get into river. Enemy have guards and regular line daily boats now to Mississippi River. Givens reports from Byhalia, noon, 21st, no movement on railroad from Colliersville to Moscow. Small force at all the stations.

SAM. HENDERSON.
HEADQUARTERS, Jackson, MISS., March 23, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON:

GENERAL: I have been directed by General Johnston to remove his headquarters from Jackson. Any official papers you may have to forward to or through this office, you are requested to send to Chattanooga, Tenn.

By command of General Johnston:

T. B. LAMAR,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, March 24, 1863.

General BUCKNER, Mobile:

I cannot spare an infantry soldier from this command, but want your cavalry regiment for out mutual good for northeastern counties, to enable planters to save crops. The enemy press me on all sides.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

