
JACKSON, March 24, 1863.

Major-General STEVENSON, Vicksburg, MISS.:

General Loring telegraphed yesterday, 4. 30 p. m. -

The enemy in force, with their gunboats, have again made their appearance, opening fire on Fort Pemberton at 2. 15 p. m.

You see the necessity of hurrying on ammunition.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

Vicksburg, March 24, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Close observation with the telescope for the last two days confirms the report of an intelligent deserter that a large part of the forces opposite to us have left; most of them, he states, have gone to Moon Lake, some to Lake Providence, and one DIVISION to Deer Creek. The DIVISION landed below Skipwith's, and marched across; the dredging-boats have been moved out of the canal, and are tied up near the transports. The work there, I think, has been suspended for the present. The two Federal gunboats are still here. I think that Farragut is waiting for an interview with Porter, with the view of running some of his iron-clads past.

C. L. STEVENSON.

JACKSON, March 24, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES R. CHALMERS:

Most certainly. Obstruct the Tallahatchee at some point below Panola as effectually as possible. The point selected should be defensible by infantry and field artillery. I expect you to do all in your power to retard or prevent such an approach.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, March 25, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

The following telegram received this morning from General Stevenson:

Four gunboats came to the turn at sunrise; two attempted to pass; one was sunk with all on board. The other lies at mouth of canal, apparently disabled.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Jackson, March 25, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Chief of Staff, Tullahoma:

COLONEL: It is probable as the spring advances, and the dirt roads become practicable for artillery and wagons, that the enemy, who now has possession of the Tallahatchee River above Yalabusha, may make

