
up to you another brigade from Maury, as you might need aid. More ammunition is on the way to you. Have already sent more than can be spared from other places. You must husband it most carefully, and remember that I have many other calls upon me. Other heavy guns are en route from the east. When they arrive, will try and send you another. Two boats attempted to pass Vicksburg this morning. One was sunk with all on board; other lies at mouth of canal, supposed disabled. Featherston is on Deer Creek. Lee making a flank movement. Hope to keep them out of Yazoo in that direction.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

TUPELO, March 25, 1863.

Brigadier General DANIEL RUGGLES,

Comdg. 1st Dist., dept. of MISS. and E. La., Columbus:

GENERAL: Since my last report, scouts have [come] in from vicinities of Bear Creek, Iuka, Jacinto, Saulsbury, Rienzi, and Holly Springs. None of them report any movement of the enemy in this direction.

Last Thursday about 500 Federal cavalry made a raid up the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, from Glendale, dividing at Iuka; one party went up to Bear Creek; the other came down to within 6 miles of Bay Springs. They stole all the horses, mules, and negroes they could find. Were at Iuka Saturday, and returned to their camp.

The bridges and ferries on Bear Creek are said to have all been destroyed, so that there is no way for troops to cross during the high stage of water.

A scouting party of 100 in number passed through Rienzi on Sunday afternoon, coming from the direction of Kossuth, and returning by Daniels' toward Corinth. Two or three large scouts were in the vicinity of Holly Springs the first of last week; did not visit the town. They carried off the horses and mules from the farms when there were no preparations made to plant cotton. A report reached here yesterday, apparently entitled to credit, that Colonel Miller, formerly major of a Mississippi cavalry to credit, that Cmajor of a Mississippi cavalry to credit, that Colonel Miller, formerly major of a Mississippi cavalry battalion, was killed by the enemy, near Ripley, on Sunday. He was there for the purpose of organizing a regiment of independent State companies. The particulars of the killing are not known yet, nor the number of the enemy's force, but the Federals have gone back, and I suppose it was only a scouting party. Yesterday about noon Lieutenant-Colonel Barteau received a dispatch from Colonel [W. W.] Faulkner, stating that the enemy were 3 miles south of Pontotoc, on the Aberdeen road; that he was going to meet them, and wished his [Colonel B. 's] co-operation. Colonel B. and Major [W. M] Inge formed their commands, and started about 5 o'clock, but met a messenger, after going 2 miles, stating the report to be unfounded. The men and officers of both commands appeared cool and determined, and, I have no doubt, will behave gallantly whenever they have a chance to meet the enemy. Planters in this and counties above who have plow stock are busily engaged in planting corn. There is no disposition manifested to raise cotton.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. M. BURTON.

JACKSON, March. 25, 1863.

Officer Commanding Confederate Forces at Natchez:

You will not fire on enemy's gunboats or otherwise molest him unless he attempts to land or shell the city. You should not display your

