
mouth of Black Bayou, where there is a practicable road for wagons. Black Bayou is also navigable for barges for supplies. The distance from the Mississippi to Deer Creek cannot exceed 10 or 12 miles.

I have had one of the bursted rifles cut off, and will send it to Snyder's to-day for Lee. They are now working on the other, and I will send it to-morrow. There should be one or two heavy guns at the mouth of Rolling Fork, but I cannot supply them. I have put heavy guns in position at Haynes', and will stop one of the heavy guns on their way to this place here, and send the other one to Haynes'.

As Haynes' Bluff and Yazoo City will become the two important points, in case the enemy should succeed at either point against which they are now operating, I will provide for such a contingency by sending troops to Snyder's, preparatory to strengthening either that may need it. It being absolutely necessary to use many of the supply boats as tenders to the troops on upper and lower Deer Creek, most of the corn needed here will have to be supplied from other sources. I request that most of our corn be sent by railroad.

I inclose the report of General [S. M.] Barton of the engagement between the Hartford and the iron-clad battery at Warrenton. * She has not ventured to return since.

I forward also General Smith's [Stevenson's] report* of the attempted passage of our batteries by the gunboats. The boat which drifted by is now lying below Brown &amp; Johnston's. She is, I think, a perfect wreck. They seem to be moving her machinery.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON.

JACKSON, March 27, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond, Va.:

Telegram just received from General Loring. Enemy are making no demonstrations against Fort Pemberton, apparently waiting for re-enforcements. I trust to be ready for them.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, March 27, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

MARCH 27, 1863-1 p. m.

[General PEMBERTON:]

Surgeon [H.] McCormick, C. S. Army, escaped from the enemy last night, and joined us. The gunboat sunk by us was the Lancaster; that which passed down, the monitor; the latter a total wreck. I send him to you to-day. The enemy have retreated from Black Bayou and Deer Creek. Ferguson is at junction of Deer Creek and Black Bayou.

STEVENSON.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, March 27, 1863.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

All quiet at Port Hudson, Vicksburg, and Fort Pemberton. Enemy is, I think, waiting for re-enforcements at latter place. Raid on Ponchatoula driven back. So far all looks well.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 480.

---------------

