
GRENADA, March 27, 1863.

General J. C. PEMBERTON:

In obedience to General Loring's orders, I have sent one regiment of 106 men to Dugan's Landing. Do you wish this regiment sent to Greenwood? I have 285 men here. I will start them to Greenwood as soon as I can get transportation. I shall have but little transportation. Shall I carry tents, and what shall I do with extra baggage, and who shall I leave in command of this post? Answer.

J. Z. GEORGE.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Pemberton, March 27, 1863.

General PEMBERTON, Jackson:

Enemy increasing in men and material. Quinby's DIVISION no doubt coming. Transports reporting for more troops to Yazoo Pass. An officer of this command counted, while landing from their boats, great many pieces of artillery. There can be no question but that a most formidable expedition is coming down at all hazards through the Pass.

W. W. LORING.

JACKSON, March 27, 1863.

Major-General LORING, Via Grenada:

Three companies of Fourteenth Mississippi have gone to help drive the enemy from Ponchatoula; another at Meridian as guard, where it cannot be dispensed with. I will direct General Stevenson to send a field battery. Will a battery without horses answer? I hope you have before this received a good supply of ammunition. Has Moore gone up to you, and guns from Yazoo City?

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, March 27, 1863.

Major-General STEVENSON, Vicksburg:

I am satisfied enemy is preparing to re-enforce largely on Tallahatchee. An entire brigade must be in readiness to re-enforce Loring. Keep Snyder's Mill strong as possible, but have at least a brigade ready to join Loring. If enemy withdraws from Deer Creek, an additional brigade can go from there also. You must send Loring another field battery at once.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, a. m., Grand Gulf, MISS., March 27, 1863.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,Asst. Adjutant-General, Jackson, MISS.:

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith a sketch of the defenses constructed at this place,* prepared by the engineer office in charge. The distance from the Point of Rocks battery to the mouth of Big Black being too great for a certain blockade of that stream, I have located a

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

