
a body of partisan rangers, were referred to the Adjutant and Inspector General. He sent in reply the following telegram:

RICHMOND, March 16, 1863.

The authority given R. V. Richardson, in September, by Secretary of War, to raise companies of partisan rangers, expired on 10th, under General Orders, Number 18 current series. You are authorized to revoke the same, if he is still acting under that authority.

S. COOPER.

From information recently received, Colonel Richardson has a full regiment organized, but not mustered into service. Since he got these men together, there seems to be but little doubt of his having exercised authority never intended to be given. It is thought best, in view of the circumstances, that the foregoing instructions of the War Department be carried into effect, and the power granted him to raise partisan rangers be revoke; at the same time, the services of the men collected ought to be secured. It is believed that the present acting major of this organization would make a good commander, being, as is understood, well and favorably known.

It is respectfully suggested that you send a staff officer to WEST Tennessee for the purpose of mustering and receiving these companies, and organizing the entire command for active and efficient service.

In addition to these companies raised by Colonel Richardson, Captain Harrison has raised eight, and, as he states, can get two more, forming a regiment. If you can arm them, they will be put under command for the defense of Northern Mississippi.

By command of General Johnston:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GRENADA, March 30, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON:

Sam. [B.] Wilson reports this morning, 8 o'clock, near Locopolis, two transports passed down loaded with ambulances. Evening of 28th, one gunboat lying up at Colonel Sharkey's. Citizen reports ten transports with troops passed up yesterday evening. Scout Dalton left near mouth get into mouth. They run McCulloch's pickets yesterday.

SAM. HENDERSON,

Captain, Commanding Scouts.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., Grand Gulf, March 31, 1863.

Major MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

SIR: I have the honor to apply for authority to erect an iron casemate or tower battery near the water-edge at this place. All the necessary material may be procured from the old Grand Gulf and Port Gibson Railroad. If authority is granted, and the guns [four] can be furnished, I propose to erect it on the following plan: On a platform, similar to an ordinary locomotive turn-table, I would build a round tower about 10 feet high, capped with a truncated, conical roof, and the upper circle of the cone covered with iron grating. The exterior of the tower and cone to be plated with two thicknesses of railroad iron,

