
PANOLA, MISS., March 31, 1863.

Major [G. L.] BLYTHE,

Coldwater Depot:

Keep close watch on the enemy. I will re-enforce you to-night.

JAMES R. CHALMERS.

GRENADA, March 31, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES R. CHALMERS:

Ordered to Greenwood immediately. Shall leave this evening.

J. Z. GEORGE.

PANOLA, MISS, March 31, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON,

Jackson, MISS.:

I have not been able to get correct reports of my command. Eleven hundred and seventy men have reported. I have but 21,850 rounds of ammunition, and the enemy advance any day. I will report as soon as possible.

JAMES R. CHALMERS.

STEELE'S BAYOU, March 31, 1863.

[Major General C. L. STEVENSON:]

SIR:

I have the honor to report that I arrived at this point (General Wade Hampton's plantation) last night after dark. I have to-day, in pursuance of instructions, and acting on my ideas of the proper course to purse under the existing state of affairs here, burned 2,872 [bales] of cotton. I have two more lots to burn to-morrow, and they are at points so far apart that I will not be able to return to camp until the day after.

The negroes WEST of Lake Washington are very insubordinate, and I have been earnestly requested by their owners to bring out a lot of the most unruly, and place them at work inside our lines. While I think such a course would be productive of good I shall not act in the matter without instructions from you. Let me hear from you at once on this subject.

Ten boats heavily laden with troops have passed here in the last few days, bound for Vicksburg, and an immediate attack on that place is apprehended by well-informed citizens here. I have a hope of picking up a few Yanks, if I go over Lake Washington. Collier is sick.

Your obedient servant,

CHS. C. CROWE.

APRIL 1, 1863.

SIR:

I learn this morning that there is a band of jayhawkers just over the lake, robbing, plundering, thieving, threatening to hang, &amp;c. I also learn it is impossible to burn one of the lots of cotton until to-morrow, on account of its being in the neighborhood mill, &c. I shall fall

