
JACKSON, MISS, April 1, 1863.

Major-General LORING,

Fort Pemberton:

Featherston's brigade and a field battery from Maury's DIVISION left on Sunday to report to report to you, and I have no doubt will reach you to-day.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

Vicksburg, April 1, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

I have reason to believe that the enemy are trying to get into upper

Deer Creek, and also into Sunflower, through Hushpuckanaw. Have sept to reconnoiter.

C. L. STEVENSON.

GRENADA, April 1, 1863.

General PEMBERTON, Jackson:

I am well convinced from information obtained through my scouts and other persons lately from along the Mississippi River, that the enemy ate gathering all boats to be had under 200 feet in length, in which to bring a large force down Yazoo Pass, to flank General Loring. Their landing troops at Locopolis and connecting the Memphis and Charleston and Mississippi and Tennessee Railroads, look like efforts to the same end.

Very respectfully,

SAM. HENDERSON.

Vicksburg, April 1, 1863.

Major W. H. DAMERON,

Commissary of Subsistence, Jackson, MISS.:

MAJOR:

Yours of 29th ultimo, inclosing copy of the Commissary. General's letter to you, of 14th ultimo, is at hand.

I assumed charge as chief of subsistence of the district on the 10th of February, but I found the stock of subsistence stores, except sugar and peas, almost exhausted. Since that time I have received from you $50,000, which has been invested chiefly in corn. I have received about 30,000 pounds of bacon, 500 live hogs, 557 barrels of molasses, and large quantities of salt, all of which has been sent over by Colonel Broadwell; there are several hundred hogs now on the way here on this side of the river, and several boats in the river loaded with provisions, also sent forward by Colonel Broadwell. This supply will place the commissariat in better condition, I believe, than it has ever before been in this district. If the Yankee ships can be prevented from cutting off our communication with Eastern Louisiana and Texas, I have but little doubt that the great energy of Colonel Broadwell, with my own exertions here, will soon give us a supply that enable us to stand a six months' siege.

Respectfully,

GEO. L. GILLESPIE.

Major and Commissary of Subsistence, SECOND District.

