
her 25 miles from here, and rammed her until she surrendered; all of which can be traced to a non-compliance with my instructions. I do not know the particulars. If she had not sunk, she may be used against the lower fleet. It would be well to caution them.

DAVID D. PORTER.

BEFORE Vicksburg, February 27, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Comdg. SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

Your dispatch sent by special messenger is just received. It may be that some of the force is leaving Vicksburg, but I have no evidence of the fact. It is impossible to get information from there. Even deserters who come can tell nothing except of their own regiments, or brigades at furthest.

It will be well to hold the DIVISION previously ordered in readiness to be moved, as in that case, if the report should prove true that the enemy are evacuating Vicksburg, they could readily be sent by steamer to Nashville. I also have a force of about two DIVISIONS to come from Saint Louis, which General Halleck can change the designation of, if he becomes satisfied that they are more needed with Rosecrans than with me. If you have not already done so, telegraph General Halleck the substance of your dispatch to me. It would be well to telegraph General Halleck direct all information you receive affecting the safety of other commands.

U. S. GRANT.

P. S. -It is my desire that the DIVISION to be held in readiness to be brought here should be brought to Memphis without any delay. I presume you so understood me, but I mention it now because I may not have been distinct on this point before.

LA GRANGE, February 27, 1863.

General HURLBUT:

Brigade of rebel cavalry just east of Holly Springs, and railroad repaired and cars running into Holly Springs from south. Wolf River now impassable. As soon as down, I want to send large force and destroy road and route. The cavalry force for this purpose will want co-operation of Lee's brigade.

C. S. HAMILTON.

LA GRANGE, TENN., February 27, 1863.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

SEVENTEENTH Army Corps, Mississippi River:

GENERAL: A Mr. S. Ruggles, with papers from you to go down through Mississippi, has just arrived here, and wishes me to communicate to you some information which he has obtained, and which he deems reliable, as it was given him by Captain McKissick, of Company A, General Bragg's First Battalion of Cavalry. He says there are obstructions in the Big Black River, near where the road from Grand Gulf crosses, which must be near the mouth. Two steamboats were sunk in the channel, and so arranged that if a boat should pass the

