
either side, and large canebrakes extending on each side the whole way.

We do not deem it impossible for the enemy to open this part of the Bogue, but it cannot be done without immense labor, and on account of the narrowness of the stream, taken with its short curves, we consider it impracticable. The largest drift is at the head of The Narrows, where the river makes its bends in the shape of the letter S, which bends are entirely filled with drift-wood to the extent of 1 mile. The drift-wood extends from the bottom of the river to the top, being firm and solid.

The above is in fact a true and correct report, which is very respectfully forwarded for your consideration.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JNO. L. McClellan,

Captain.

HDQRS. FIFTH MILITARY DISTRICT, April 5, 1863.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER:

MAJOR: The news of the enemy's retreat from Fort Pemberton is confirmed by scouts who came in this evening. What move they will make next remains to be seen, but I feel confident that they will an overland demonstration in this direction, and, therefore, ask that more force may be added to my command, of possible. I ask especially for Colonel McCulloch's brigade of cavalry, since they are no longer needed at Greenwood, and a battery of light artillery. With this force added to what I now have, I believe I could stop the running of cars on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad and cut off communication between Memphis and Corinth. I could guard this front effectually, stop the incessant trade now being carried on with Memphis, and give timely notice of any movement of the enemy in any direction, and, furthermore, could do much toward destroying the enemy's trains, should they attempt to march through this country. With my present force, I feel that I can accomplish but little, owing to the character of the troops, but if they were mixed with regular cavalry I feel confident that they would improve rapidly and do well.

JAMES R. CHALMERS.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS, Verona, MISS, April 5, 1863.

The First Military District having been re-established as far west-ward as New Albany, and northward to the enemy's lines, it

is ordered, in obedience to instructions from Brigadier-General Ruggles-

I. That no Confederate troops now in the northern portion of this district will be permitted to leave the district, except in pursuit of the enemy, unless by orders from district headquarters or from headquarters Department of Mississippi and Eastern Louisiana.

II. In obedience to orders from Brigadier-General Ruggles, all Confederate mounted troops in the northern portion of this district will be under the immediate command of Lieutenant-Colonel Barteau until otherwise ordered.

III. It is ordered that Captain Warren report with his company immediately to Major W. M. Inge, at Verona.

By order of C. R. Barteau, lieutenant-colonel commanding.

P. A. SMITH.

Adjutant.

