
I need Major Inge for this service. General Buckner's cavalry had not arrived.

DANIEL RUGGLES.

COLUMBUS, MISS., April 6, l 1863.

Major W. A. HEWLETT,

Comdg. Thirteenth Battalion Alabama Partisan Rangers:

MAJOR:

I am instructed by the brigadier-general commanding to direct you to hold the effective force of your battalion in readiness for immediate service. You will provide 50 pounds of cartridges per man, and purchase supplies along the route of march. Your command will move without camp equipage or wagons, using pack-mules so far as may be practicable. You will leave your camp at or near the Buttahatchie Bridge under charge of the sick and convalescents.

All unserviceable horses will be herded and grazed at that point under suitable herdsmen.

You will immediately report the effective strength of your battalion, when written instructions will be given you to govern you in the service contemplated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, April 6, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. R. BARTEAU, Comdg., &amp;c., Verona, MISS.:

SIR:

I am instructed by the brigadier-general commanding the district to direct you to proceed with your regiment of cavalry without delay to Fulton, MISS., and there communicate with Major Hewlett, and co-operate with him in a movement to harass the enemy's rear while he is making a raid from Corinth in the Tennessee Valley. You will leave your camp equipage and heavy baggage either at Verona or at Fulton, under a guard of invalids, moving Light, without wagons, using packmules so far as you may find it practicable to do so. Promptitude and celerity are enjoined. Instructions will be sent you at Fulton.

Acknowledge receipt. Report effective strength and time of marching.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

L. D. SANDIDGE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST DISTRICT, Numbers 30. DEPT. OF MISS. AND EASTERN La., Columbus, MISS., April 6, 1863.

I. In conformity with Department Special Orders, Numbers 93, Paragraph VI, of the 3rd April, 1863, the brigadier-general commanding this district resumes command of that portion of his district comprising the counties of Pontotoc, Tippah, Tishomingo, and Itawamba, in accordance with Department Orders, Mi. 5, under which the district was originally established.

By order of Brigadier-General Ruggles:

R. M. HOOE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

