
against an enemy approaching from up the Tallahatchee, the greatest range being from 900 to 1,000 yards, where the enemy must first show themselves, coming "head on. " A skirt of woods where the enemy had planted a battery is well commanded, being about 600 yards distant. There are three magazines, each 8 by 7 feet and 4 1/2 to 5 feet interior height, covered with one tier of cotton, raw-hides, and from 5 to 6 feet of earth. Another of similar dimensions was about being constructed. The supply of ammunition is small; what there is in good order, with the exception of the friction tubes, most of which ignite with difficulty on application of a coal of fire. Several shots were fired from the Parrott guns during my visit, none of the shells exploding.

There was on hand the 25th March, 90 rounds for 32-pounder rifle, 140 rounds for 8-inch gun, 90 rounds for (three each) 12-pounder rifle, 60 rounds for Parrott guns, which amount includes the supply received on that day.

I feel it my duty to call the attention of the lieutenant-general commanding to the careless manner in which ordnance stores are shipped. One hundred shells (8-inch) were received at Fort Pemberton on the 25th ultimo without sabots or straps, none being on the invoice. At Yazoo City there were no fuses or caps for the Parrott shells, and for 178 shells (8-inch) received, but 124 sabots and 100 straps were invoiced. The pintle for the columbiad evidently belonged to some other gun, being one-fourth inch too large in diameter.

The above report has unavoidably been delayed to this date by reason of a severe attack of sickness with which I was taken on the day succeeding my return, and from which I am still suffering.

Respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

C. A. FULLER,

Colonel and Inspector-General Heavy Artillery.

[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISS. AND EASTERN LOUISIANA,Jackson, April 9, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Major Mayo, who will ascertain who is to blame in this case, and report to this office.

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

J. C. TAYLOR,

Aide-de-Camp.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, Jackson, April 10, 1863.

For indorsement, see attached paper.

GEORGE UPSHUR MAYO,

Major, Chief of Ordnance.

OFFICE OF CHIEF OF ORDNANCE,

Jackson, MISS., April 11, 1863.

Respectfully returned to Lieutenant-General Pemberton. No fault can possibly be brought to this office bearing upon the subject of complaint of Colonel Fuller. The columbiad referred to was sent from Vicksburg by order of the lieutenant-general commanding, and it is to be supposed that all necessary accouterments were sent with it. General Loring was requested on the 14th of February to order his ord-

