
nance officer to make a report, from which I have not yet heard. On the 6th of March, Captain Bursley was notified that this was necessary, to which no reply was made. Captain Bursley was temporarily on ordnance duty, and Captain Myrick was charged with it. He made no report, and was relieved. Since that time, a Lieutenant Schwander has been acting, but from his manner of making requisitions it is apparent his experience has been remarkably limited. Captain L. R. Evans has been sent to Fort Pemberton to take an inventory and make a return of ordnance stores in General Loring's command, so that things needed may be send, so far as practicable. No 8-inch gun and platform have been sent from this point by me, nor has the pintle for such been reported as unfit for use, else it should have been remedied. With regard to sabots, as soon as the wants in this particular were made known they were without delay forwarded. Never to my remembrance has anything been forwarded to Yazoo City from this place. I have tested the qualities of the fuses, and have not found a single defect. All the 8-inch sabots that could be obtained were sent forward. The remainder (304) will be sent forward this evening. They were only furnished last evening.

GEORGE UPSHUR MAYO,

Major, Chief of Ordnance.

SNYDER'S MILL, April 7, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON:

SIR:

The injured condition of the river obstructions at this place demands the best remedies, composed of such materials as can most readily be obtained and hastily applied to insure safety, until better can be provided. To this end my best abilities and utmost efforts shall be applied. Be kind enough to render me every facility, and remove all interruptions by which my operations may be the least retarded. To comply with this request is vital to success. The importance of my personal attention, bestowed without limit, upon the immediate premises renders all orders otherwise tending detrimental if obeyed. All labor or steamers required, if detained or interrupted by orders other than my own, may result in the failure of this structure, the security of which I am so anxiously laboring to effect. Authority from your hand to this effect will at once remove all such obstacles as may occur.

Respectfully,

THIS. WELDON.

TULLAHOMA, April 7, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

Lieutenant-General Pemberton telegraphed me seventeen car-loads of troops passed from Memphis, on Charleston Railroad, 2nd instant, large quantities of commissary stores being carried up river.

J. E. Johnston.

RICHMOND, April 8, 1863.

General J. C. PEMBERTON, Jackson, MISS.:

Your dispatch to General Johnston states seventeen car-loads of passed from Memphis, on Memphis and Charleston Railroad, on 2nd instant, with large quantities of commissary stores being carried up

