
the river. The President wants to know what river, and would like to know something from you more specific. Answer by telegraph.

S. COOPER.

MOBILE, ALA., April 8, 1863.

President DAVIS, Richmond:

I can spare [A.] Cumming's brigade, about 2,200 effective men, provided I could receive re-enforcements within five days after notice of attack. To secure this object, it will be necessary to give orders in advance to General Pemberton to fill my requisitions. He had for of my infantry regiments and a strong cavalry regiment now en route to join him.

S. B. BUCKNER.

[Indorsement.]

[APRIL 9, 1863.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

The condition annexed seems to be rendered difficult by the dispatch of General Pemberton. If fuller information was possessed about the movement in progress by General Pemberton "farther north," the solution would be more practicable.

Please return, retaining copy, if you wish.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

GRAND GULF, April 8, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

If rumors of a heavy advance of the enemy's column into Tensas Parish prove true, shall I endeavor to prevent it, with my entire command?

JNO. S. BOWEN.

JACKSON, April 8, 1863.

Brigadier-General BOWEN, Commanding Grand Gulf:

If you can occupy a position which cannot be turned, and can cover a sufficient from to successfully resist an assault, having made ample arrangements to with draw your troops, by telegraph and signals, in event of enemy's vessels returning, you can, after leaving adequate force for your batteries and their defenses, move the remainder of your troops to resist his advance. I do not regard it of such importance as to risk your capture.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, April 8, 1863.

Major-General LORING:

Send two companies of [T. N.] Waul's cavalry without delay, and by most expeditious route, to General Lee, at Rolling Fork. He is in immediate need of cavalry re-enforcements. If most expeditious, send by boat. If Waul's cavalry cannot be readily reached, send 200 most convenient to you.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

