
At Rolling Fork I was informed that the river was rising rapidly. There, also, I head rumors of the enemy landing at Greenville. As we proceeded, the difficulty about wood continued. There were but 8 deck hands. That difficulty was obviated by details from the command, and the men discharged the duties of deck hands and firemen most cheerfully. Early on the morning of the 6th we passed the Emma Bett at the mouth of Bayou Phaliah, going to Rolling Fork. In the evening of that day we passed the steamer Meares at Garvin's Terry, undergoing repairs. About sunset the boat stopped at McLeod's place, about 12 miles above the Quiver [River], to take on a few cords of wood, and remained three during the night, the two engineers being too much worn to stand at their posts longer without rest.

From information derived from the pilot of this boat and others as to the Quiver and its connection with McNutt's Lake and the Tallahatchee, I sent a scout up that stream. Leaving McLeod's at an early hour, we reached the mouth of the Hushpuckanaw about 3 o'clock on the evening of the 7th, when, hearing nothing from the Dew Drop, I sent Lieutenant Pommeville with 8 men in two skiffs up the Hushpuckanaw, with instructions to explore that stream to Lewis' Swamp, and examine that swamp, and, if the enemy were not making efforts to get into this river at that point, to leave two scouts there, and proceed up the stream to its head. He was charged to use every precaution to prevent the enemy from discovering his presence, and to give me information at the earliest possible

moment of any move of the enemy in this direction. The two scouts had instructions in accordance with your orders.

The captain of the Arcadia was ordered to proceed up the right fork as far as he could with safety to the boat. We reached this point about 6 o'clock on the evening of the 7th, when the captain informed me that it would endanger the boat to proceed rning of the 8th, I sent a party up the river to find the Dew Drop, and that boat arrived here about 5 p. m., loaded with about 5,000 bushels of corn, 8,000 pounds of bacon, a small lot of been-cattle, and a few hogs. This command was at once set to work to aid the boats' crews in transferring the cargo of the Dew Drop to this boat.

I found on board the Dew Drop two represent themselves to be deserters from the enemy. They have been going at large in this stream for several days opposite. Lewis' Swamp, and one of them attempted to escape from the Dew Drop. I will send them down under guard, as I believe they (even if not spies) know too much of this stream to be permitted to return to the enemy's lines.

There is very little land on the banks of this stream above water from the Yazoo to this point. There is no difficulty in running the Arcadia to the mouth of Hushpuckanaw. From that stream to this point the river is very crooked and narrow.

At this stage of the water this stream could not be obstructed by merely cutting the timber on its banks at any point below. The report of Captain Kelly and a map of this river,* drawn by himself, forwarded herewith. He has been most diligent and untiring in the discharge of his duty.

April 10, 7 a. m. -I have not head of any move of the enemy in this direction. The cargo of the Dew Drop has been transferred to this boat, and I will proceed in a few moments up the stream. L

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND W. PETTUS,

Lieutenant Colonel Twentieth Ala. Regiment, comdg. Sunflower Expedition.

---------------

* Map not found.

---------------

