
of logs and dirt could be thrown across the field from the river to the overflow, behind which our men could safely prevent the annoyance of the enemy.

The above-mentioned places are the best suited for the defense of the Sunflower River, and which can be made to effectually resist the advance of the enemy.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. KELLY,

Captain and Assistant Inspector-General.

[P. S.]- I would respectfully suggest that all the axes, spades, shovels, and augers at the different plantations along the river should be collected, as there were no tools of any kind furnished us upon leaving Snyder's Bluff.
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, Panola, April 8, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Enemy advancing on Hernando; number not reported. [W. C.] Falkner's regiment and [G. L.] Blythe's battalion are at Coldwater.

JAMES R. CHALMERS.

COLDWATER, April 8, 1863.

General CHALMERS, Panola, MISS.:

Enemy at Fletcher's; number not reported. Major [G. L.] Blythe is crossing Coldwater. I will fight if I think I can whip them; otherwise will annoy them. I keep regiment this side of the river until I learn more news.

W. C. FALKNER.

PANOLA, MISS., April 8, 1863.

Colonel John McGUIRK, Holly Springs, MISS.:

COLONEL: The general has information that the enemy have retired, and therefore directs that you take post somewhere near Chulahoma. He wishes you to give your personal attention to getting supplies out of Marshall County, particularly a large quantity of lead near Holly Springs. He wished you also to guard the bridge over the Tallahatchee. I forwarded the orders you requested.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. H. CARROLL, Jr.,

Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH MILITARY DISTRICT,

Near Coldwater Depot, April 8, 1863.

Colonel McGUIRK:

COLONEL: After reflection, the general thinks it best if the enemy press you, and you have to fall back, for you to take the Holly Springs road, and, if necessary, move to Cockrum's Cross-Roads, where provisions can be had. He wishes, however, that your vedettes and scouts,

