
JACKSON, April 10, 1863.

General JAMES R. CHALMERS, Panola:

Inform me at once if any transports, with poops, pass up river above Yazoo Pass, giving number.

J. C. PEMBERTON.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISS. AND E. La., Jackson, April 10, 1863.

Brigadier-General RUGGLES, Columbus, MISS.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that upon the arrival of the cavalry regiment* from General Buckner, you direct Major [W. M.] Inge's battalion to report for duty to Brigadier-General Chalmers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, April 11, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

Farragut captured steamboat Clarke at the mouth of the Red River yesterday. Reliable report from mouth of the Coldwater says FIFTY-three boats passed up that river up to 9 p. m. yesterday. Expedition from Greenville also retreating rapidly. Nothing very serious can happen in that quarter. Enemy abandoned and burned an iron-clad gunboat which, being aground at mouth of Amite River, Lake Maurepas, was attacked by Colonel [J. M.] Simonton, First Mississippi Regiment. Scouts from near Memphis report, 9 a. m. on 8th, in following words:

Enemy's force there about 7,000. It is said all force down the Mississippi River to be brought up to make grand military depot at Memphis. FIFTEEN empty boats at landing. Enemy's line closed for sixty days.

So far enemy has gained nothing toward opening the Mississippi. Great strain on raft at Snyder's Mill; seriously endangered. No exertions will be spared to remedy evil should it occur.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted to His Excellency the President.

JACKSON, April 11, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond:

Scout from Austin reports forty transports loaded down, but no troops passed up Mississippi River on 3rd and 4th. Brigadier-General Chalmers reports General Ellet's Marine Brigade, five large transports, and two gunboats passed up the Mississippi River on the 7th. Same evening three gunboats and nineteen transports loaded with troops passed up. The last ten boats from Tallahatchee, 20 miles up Coldwater, on Wednesday going up. I think most of Grant's forces are being withdrawn to Memphis.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

(Same to Johnston.)

---------------

* SECOND Alabama.

---------------

