
JACKSON, April 11, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond:

All Tennessee troops at Port Hudson are in two brigades. Maxey has six regiments Tennessee, two regiments and one battalion Louisiana; aggregate present, 3,310. Gregg has six regiments Tennessee and one Texas and one Louisiana Battalion; aggregate, 3,135. Too many Tennessee troops for one brigade and not enough for two. Believe present arrangement as good as can be made. Will make any change desired.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

TULLAHOMA, April 11, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Jackson, MISS.:

Please recall your agents who are purchasing supplies near Tuscumbia. Can you not establish depots of provision and forage on or near Mobile and Ohio Railroad? If so, do so without delay, and leave the supplies in them for the present; it may be necessary to this army. Write on the subject. How far above Okolona can cars run?

J. E. Johnston.

TULLAHOMA, April 11, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

GENERAL: Should Grant's army join Rosecrans, this army could not hold its present position. In such an event it might be necessary or expedient for this army to cross the Tennessee near the Muscle Shoals, to move into Northern Mississippi and WEST Tennessee. To enable it to do so safely, depots of supplies on or near the Mobile and Ohio Railroad would be necessary. I request that you will take immediate steps to have those depots formed. They should be as far north as may be safe. I regard the measure as of great importance to this army and the approaching campaign-to both armies, your as well as this.

On the 5th instant, I requested you by telegraph to send Stevenson's DIVISION back to this department with all speed, should you discover that Grant's army was leaving Mississippi. Should it be necessary to send off those troops, please inform Major-General Buckner by telegraph, as he may have a similar movement to make. Should you be in a state of uncertainty in regard, to Grant's intentions, time might be gained by placing a brigade at Jackson and another at Meridian.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. Johnston.

JACKSON, April 11, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, Tullahoma:

The following report just received:

Scout [T. M.] Kemp reports near Byhalia, 10th, strengthening guard on Mississippi Central Railroad. Twelve thousand troops passed Memphis, going up river, on 7th. FIFTY pieces artillery landed at Memphis same day, and were carried to Memphis and Charleston depot. Part of Grant's army reported to be going to Corinth and down Mobile and Ohio Railroad; balance to re-enforce Rosecrans. Lawson reports near Memphis, 10th, Marine Brigade gone to Cumberland River; also fourteen transports and two gunboats passed up the river night of 7th. Corps of engineers reached Memphis from below, supposed to work on Mississippi and Tennessee Railroad. Pushing work on track from Memphis and Charleston depot to fortifications.

I am collecting troops here. Can send you 4,000 at once, if absolutely necessary?

J. C. PEMBERTON.

