
Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Report from Colonel Cockrell discredit the rumored flat-boat expedition down Tensas. In skirmish on the 9th, enemy lost 4 killed and 3 wounded; also 3 or 4 horses killed. Their force at New Carthage, three regiments, one battery, and a squadron.

JNO. S. BOWEN.

Vicksburg, April 11, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

The belief that their entire failures in the flank have reduced them to a direct attack or abandonment of the expedition, and the report of the scouts that they are in force from Terrapin Neck to Young's Point, are my only reasons for supposing they may attack.

C. L. STEVENSON.

JACKSON, April 11, 1863.

Major-General STEVENSON:

Take heavy guns from Haynes' Bluff. I do not think it sage to take them from Fort Pemberton. I have ordered down raft from Yazoo City. What indications to believe the enemy are preparing for an attack? My information indicates that the enemy is moving up to Memphis.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

HEAD OF ROLLING FORK, April 11, 1863.

General STEPHEN D. LEE:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I proceeded from this point over 50 miles above the confluence of the Bogue Phaliah and Sunflower, up the latter river, in search of a position where we could check the enemy should he find entrance from the Mississippi into that stream. The only place below the mouth of Bogue Phaliah at all suitable, is found at Buck's plantation, where the bank is above overflow, on the concave side of the river, for 100 yards in width and 1 mile in length. Guns stationed here would command the river for upward of a mile. This is the only advantage this site presents. Above the mouth of Bogue Phaliah, no point desirable for fortifying within 50 miles. At about this distance, two points, about 6 miles apart, are presented. An accompanying sketch will show the relative positions and merits of the two places. * They are both perfectly secure against any flank movement, being surrounded by an overflow, from 3 to 8 feet deep, running over a heavily timbered swamp. The lower point, lettered A in sketch, is much better adapted for a battery, having a command of 1,000 yards of river, but would allow the enemy to occupy the upper

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

