
place (lettered B) for a camp, which they could only find at that place for 50 miles. The position A also presents more shelter for a camp than the other does, and also for a landing place for boats coming from below. Position A contains about 60 to 75 acres, about 20 inches above the water at time of reconnaissance. Position B contains about 200 acres, and is about the same level above water as the former point. It has, however, a command of only about 300 yards of the river. Neither position is visible or can be attacked from the other, on account of the intervening forest and overflow; neither can either one be turned by road or cut-off. Reference to diagram will, I believe, furnish all other information desired. The points therein indicated are the only ones above water for 10 miles. I would suggest the possibility, while we occupy A as our main position, of preventing the enemy form occupying B, by a bastioned redoubt at X of sufficient size, profile, and strength to resist assault and injury from the passage of gunboats to attack our lower position at A. I am not sure that the advantages to be gained would justify the risk.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. M. HARROD,

Lieutenant.
HDQRS. FIRST Missouri Brigadier, Grand Gulf, April 12, 1863.

Major J. J. REEVE, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

SIR: I have the honor to forward, for the information of the major-general commanding at Vicksburg, the inclosed copy of Colonel [F. M.] Cockrell's last official dispatch to these headquarters.

From all I can learn, we cannot advance, and we hold a position which cannot be turned or taken by assault, provided, we evince proper determination in defending it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. S. BOWEN.

[Inclosure. L]

CAMP PERKINS, April 12, 1863.

Captain R. R. HUTCHINSON, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

CAPTAIN: I have just started a letter to you by hands of Mr. Dawson, with a map of Madison Parish, and, since he left, Lieutenant Wells, of Major Harrison's command, who has been out on a scout, and been within 4 miles of Richmond, has just returned, and learned through a negro who was in North Carthage during our cannonade, that 4 Federals were certainly killed. He also learned from a lady, who has been gathering all the information she could, that General Grant, with 5,000 men, was camped at Richmond, on the side of Roundaway Bayou, next the Mississippi River, and that one regiment was camped at Stanbrough, 4 miles this side of Richmond, on Roundaway Bayou, and could not ascertain that any other troops had passed down Roundaway for several days; none since the troops here came down; and that the Federals were between Richmond and Milliken's Bend; force not known. They say their intention is to get below Warrenton and cut off all supplies, and then starve us out. From Milliken's Bend to Richmond is about 10 miles, a very good road, with places on the way-side where troops can camp. They can very easily establish a strong line from Milliken's Bend to Richmond, and thence to Carthage, and not be very much exposed at any point, and have troops in supporting distance of each

