
other all the way, and thus be free to work on the bayous just as long and as much as they please. The Federals seem to think, from the way talk to citizens, that our supplies for Vicksburg are shipped up to or just below Warrenton, and they intend to cut this means of supply off. Their object doubtless is to cut off Vicksburg from supplies by river, and also, if possible, to open, a way for their vessels through the bayou from some point on the river above to some point on the river below Vicksburg.

There is no trouble in these bayous for their skiffs and flats. They can go back and forth without trouble, and may, perchance, succeed in running lightly-draught gunboats and transports through, as the whole country is traversed by bayous and sloughs from the river back to Bayou Macon. I think they have troops at Smith's, just near the mouth of Roundaway Bayou, on Vidal, guarding the crossing over Vidal. At this place, in order to get to Carthage, they cross over Vidal to the levee on the inside, and thence to Carthage over the breaks, as I have heretofore stated.

I am, very truly, yours,

F. M. COCKRELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

GRENADA, April 12, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Jackson:

Lieutenant [J. S.] Carman reports, 10th instant, 6 p. m.:

Yazoo Pass expedition abandoned. Thirty-eight boats, with last of troops, passed through Moon Lake and into Mississippi River. Ross' DIVISION gone to Helena. Quinby's said to be going to Greenville into quarters. No boats passed up since last report.

SAM. HENDERSON.

Captain, &amp;c.

PANOLA, April 12, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Major-General Gholson, of militia, is interfering with my command, and the State troops are obeying orders issued directly by him. I write more fully.

JAMES R. CHALMERS.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH MILITARY DISTRICT, DEPT. OF Mississippi AND EAST. LOUISIANA,Panola, MISS., April 12, 1863.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER, Jackson, MISS.:

MAJOR: Inclosed you will find communication showing that the State authorities are interfering directly with my command. * I could never consent to serve under Major-General Gholson, and do not conceive that he has any right to issue orders in mu district.

In truth, my little experience here convinces me that what are called State troops are almost entirely men subject to conscription, and, if an order was issued to discharge all who are forty-five years of age, and hold the remainder as Confederate troops, the service would be greatly benefitted. This order was issued in regard to the twelve-months vol.-

---------------

* See Pemberton to Pettus, April 13, and reply, pp. 740,741.

---------------

47 R R-VOL. XXIV, PT. III

