
FORT PEMBERTON, April 13, 1863.

General PEMBERTON:

Henderson's scouts report enemy gone out of Moon Lake into Mississippi River. I have ordered McCulloch to report to General Chalmers.

W. W. LORING.

Vicksburg, April 13, 1863.

General PEMBERTON:

A spy from the enemy reports that they are preparing two or three boats to pass our batteries, as re-enforcements to Farragut.

The steamer Hines is at Natchez. She had better come to Big Black.

C. L. STEVENSON.

JACKSON, April 13, 1863.

Captain E. POWELL, Assistant Quartermaster, Natchez:

Send steamer Hines up Big Black as soon as possible.

J. C. PEMBERTON.
HDQRS. FIFTH MILITARY DISTRICT, Panola, April 13, 1863.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

MAJOR: I forward to-day a statement from Mr. Watson, of Holly Springs, in relation to the onward advance of the enemy; are on three railroads at once. This news has come to me from various sources and may possibly be true, but the very publicity that has been given to it would make me doubtful about it. Without presuming to inquire into the plans of the lieutenant-general, I would suggest that this country gives promise of an abundant crop of wheat, which can be saved in two months from now, and if an army of any considerable portion of one was advanced to the Tallahatchee, with intrenchments at Abbeville and Panola, and an advanced outpost at Coldwater Depot, we could greatly retard the advance of the enemy and keep him back until the wheat crop was saved. A very little work in the bottom would prevent any repetition of heavy movement.

The right flank of this position is apparently exposed, but the approach through Tippah and Pontotoc is over hills of considerable importance, and could be easily defended by a small force, so as to prevent anything like a rapid advance of an enemy. Our people have not the horse power to make much corn, and if the wheat crop is lost we will suffer heavily.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAMES R. CHALMERS.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISS. AND E. La., Jackson, April 13, 1863.

His Excellency John J. PETTUS, Governor of Mississippi:

SIR: I have the honor to invite your attention to the accompanying telegram* (copy) just received, and to request that you will instruct Major-General [S. J.] Gholson to abstain from all interference with the

---------------

* See Chalmers to Pemberton, April 12, p. 737.

---------------

