
State troops in the field, and in service of the Confederate States. Your Excellency will readily perceive that in the same military district there cannot exist over one body of troops two commanding officers, who may issue orders and exact obedience independently of each other.

As the State troops referred to are in Confederate service, and as General Gholson is not so regarded, it is manifestly the province of the Confederate general alone, acting under authority of the department commander, to issue the necessary orders to them as to all other troops within his prescribed district.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Jackson, MISS., April 13, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

GENERAL: Major-General Gholson was sent by my order to Northeastern Mississippi, to organize into regiments the State troops recently raised in that section. General Chalmers mistakes the position of these troops, and I know of no order placing them in Confederate service. I expect to order them, when organized, into regiments to obey the Confederate generals' orders, but, for the purpose of organization, General Gholson's orders must be obeyed. In my last interview with you no this subject, I informed you that he would be sent there for that purpose. Much delay and confusion results from the orders of Colonel Inge, Brigadier-General Ruggles, and Brigadier-General Chalmers, all claiming to control these troops, and I hope no further interference with them until organized will be permitted.

Respectfully,

JOHN J. PETTUS.

P. S. - Much confusion has also been caused by the attempts of gentlemen in the Confederate service to organize for themselves regiments and commands out of the companies in the State service, similar to that made by Colonel Inge, a copy of whose order on the subject I inclose herewith. *
HDQRS. DEPT. MISS AND E. La., Jackson, MISS., April 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS, Commanding, &amp;c., Panola:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you will not give any orders to, nor interfere in any manner with, State troops in process of organization, and which are neither fed or clothed by the Confederate Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. C. TAYLOR,

Aide-de-Camp.

(Same to Ruggles.)

JACKSON, April 14, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, Tullahoma:

Lieutenant Carman, near Austin, reports all troops from Pass expedition have gone down Mississippi River; also Grant has ordered 200

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

