
wagons sent down from Helena. Another scout from near Memphis reports all of Vicksburg army coming up.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, April 14, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, Tullahoma:

It will be more expeditious to send all the troops by Selma, as same cars go through from here to the Tombigbee.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, April 14, 1863.

Captain E. POWELL, A. Q. M., Natchez:

Do not allow any boat to come out of Red River. I was informed the Hine was at Natchez. Let her stay in Red River. Send courier.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, April 14, 1863.

General C. L. STEVENSON, Vicksburg:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding says that you can place the raft, as you propose, at Haynes' Bluff; that the defenses for the Sunflower will be such as to require a small force to hold them, as troops may have to be withdrawn from Vicksburg for General Bragg to meet the re-enforcements of Rosecrans. Further, that as soon as the defenses are completed, he proposes removing the cotton from the [cotton-] clad boats.

Very respectfully,

J. C. TAYLOR,

Aide-de-Camp.

PANOLA, April 14, 1863.

Colonel R. McCULLOCH, Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: Orders have been issued assigning you to the command of Brigadier-General Chalmers, and I am directed by him to say that he desires you to move with your whole command at once to this place. You will bring all the ammunition that you have, and if you have not a full supply of arms and ammunition, you will send your ordnance officer here with a requisition for all that you want, that it may be sent for immediately. If Colonel [J. G.]k Stocks' regiment belongs to your brigade, and it is presumed here that it does, you will order him at once to join you. If, however, there is any doubt about it, you will send a courier at once to General Loring, asking him to order Colonel Stocks to rejoin you, if, consistent with his wants, he can be spared.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. CHALMERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

