
movements of the enemy, I am induced to believe that they intend keeping up a cordon of small garrisons extending from Milliken's Bend to James' Plantation, below New Carthage, and around by Richmond, in Madison Parish. The road being a good one, with what they can pillage they can readily supply themselves. By establishing a battery at James', they expect to cut Vicksburg off from supplies, and if they should succeed in running two or three gunboats by the Vicksburg batteries they could effectually cut me off from the landing at Hard Times, lying securely under their own battery at James'. And add to this the boats below, now at Red River, our ferriage of the Mississippi would be rendered very insecure at any point.

Regarding James' Plantation (now in their possession) as invested with some importance, being the only dry land available for this purpose on that side of the river, I have directed Colonel Cockrell to take and occupy it if possible. Detailed instructions for the assault have been sent him, and I am satisfied if it can be taken he will have it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. BOWEN.

Vicksburg, April 15, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

[S. D.] Lee had returned, fully impressed that the enemy are in force here. The troops at Lake Providence have moved down. He has information that they will make an effort on our left up Bayou Pierre, in rear of Grand Gulf. Their concentration at Richmond

and New Carthage indicate that intention. Our force opposite Grand Gulf has checked them. If they are removed, enemy can move down levee to Saint Joseph, nearly opposite Bayou Pierre.

C. L. STEVENSON.

Vicksburg, April 15, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Ferguson reports the enemy in force at Greenville. Has established hospital there. No change in the raft.

C. L. STEVENSON.

JACKSON, April 15, 1863.

General STEVENSON, Vicksburg:

Prepare [J. C.] Vaughn's brigade to move to Tullahoma without batteries. Through transportation will be furnished at Vicksburg as soon as possible. Order newspapers to say nothing of movements of troops.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

PANOLA, MISS., April 15, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Jackson, MISS.:

Dispatch from Senatobia says:

Sixty-four steamers left Memphis since Thursday, loaded with soldiers and negroes, ostensibly to attack Vicksburg.

JAMES R. CHALMERS.

