
JACKSON, April 15, 1863.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON, Vicksburg:

Information just received that the travelers out of Memphis say the impression amounts almost to certainty that the retrograde movement from Vicksburg a ruse, and an attack expected soon. You must be on the lookout. Nevertheless, have Vaughn's brigade ready to move on arrival of transportation.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, April 15, 1863.

General BUCKNER, Mobile:

I am sending troops to General Johnston, being satisfied that a large portion of Grant's army is re-enforcing Rosecrans.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, April 15, 1863.

Major THEO. Johnston, Chief of Subsistence:

MAJOR: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that depots of supplies to the greatest extent possible be made at Meridian, Macon, and Columbus, on Mobile and Ohio Railroad.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. TAYLOR,

Aide-de-Camp.

PANOLA, April 15, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel McGUIRK:

COLONEL: I am instructed by the brigadier-general commanding to say to you that, in pursuance of orders from Lieutenant-General Pemberton, you will move with your command to some suitable point north of Holly Springs, to be selected by yourself. You will picked all the roads leading north, and give timely notice of any approach of the enemy to Government agents employed in the collection and shipment of public property. You will also render all the aid in your power to those engaged in such work, as well as in the gathering together and shipping of quartermaster's and commissary stores. You will also, as directed in former orders, put a stop to all illicit trade with the enemy, and send parties arrested in such trade, under guard, to these headquarters.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. CHALMERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Jackson, MISS., April 15, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON:

GENERAL: Your of the 14th received. The confusion you speak of is caused alone by orders of Confederate officers in Northern Mississippi, issued to State troops not yet organized into regiments or turned over to their command. Colonel Miller was ordered to organize them.

