
On his death, General Gholson was ordered there for the purpose alone of organizing, with further orders to report at Jackson for duty, as soon as the organization [was completed]. I informed you, when Bishop Paine was with us, that General Gholson would be sent to Northeastern Mississippi for this purpose. These troops are raised under authority from the Legislature to raise three regiments of cavalry. It has been my intention, as soon as organized, to turn them over to the command of the Confederate authorities. Brigadier-General Chalmers erroneously believes that General Gholson is sent to take command of the State troops in his district, and hence his sensitive anxiety on the subject. When organized, these regiments will be reported. Until then, they are under control of State authorities.

Respectfully,

JOHN J. PETTUS.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISS. AND EAST. La., Numbers 64. Jackson, MISS., April 15, 1863.

I. Brigadier General A. Rust, pursuant to instructions from the war Department, is relieved from duty with his brigade in this department, and will without delay report to Major General Sterling Price, in the Trans-Mississippi Department. The following reorganization of brigades is announced: The brigade of Brigadier-General Tilghman will consist of the following regiments, viz: Twentieth, Twenty-sixth, Fourteenth, Twenty-THIRD, Thirty-seventh, Fortieth, Sixth, and Fifteenth Mississippi.

II. The brigade of Brigadier-General Buford will consist of the following regiments: FIFTY-fourth, Twenty-seventh, Thirty-FIFTH, and Snodgrass; Alabama; THIRD, Seventh, and Eight Kentucky; NINTH Arkansas, and Twelfth Louisiana.

III. The cavalry commands, batteries of artillery, and First Confederate Battalion, detached from their former brigades by such reorganization, will remain at this place, and report to Brigadier-General [John] Adams, commanding, &amp;c.

By command of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISS. AND EAST. La., Numbers 105. Jackson, MISS., April 15, 1863.

* * * * * * * * * *

XXVI. Brigadier General James R. Chalmers, in addition to the command of his military district, will assume command of all the partisan corps in WEST Tennessee, organizing and reporting the same. He will ascertain whether Colonel Richardson's command has been mustered into Confederate service; if mustered, he will arrest Colonel Richardson and forward him to these headquarters; if not, he will aid Major Bradford, assistant inspector-general, in enforcing and carrying out the instructions of which he is the bearer. All orders for the command of General Chalmers will come through these headquarters.

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

R. W. MEMMINGER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

