
to fall rapidly. This is the opinion of old citizens who observed the consequences of the cut-off at Horseshoe Bend some years ago.

A small map accompanies this report,* which will assist you in locating the several places mentioned.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. KELLY,

Captain and Assistant Inspector-General.

JACKSON, April 17, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond, Va.:

General Stevenson reports that eight boats attempted to pass Vicksburg last night. Five succeeded in passing. One was burned and sunk and two disabled.

General Chalmers reports sixty-four steamers left Memphis on the 15th instant, loaded with troops and negroes, apparently with intention of making an assault on Vicksburg.

The enemy has nine boats between Vicksburg and Port Hudson.

I cannot send any more troops, and think those on the way to General Johnston ought to come back.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, April 17, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond:

Upon fuller information, it is ascertained that at 11. 30 last night eight of enemy's most formidable gunboats and three transports, loaded with commissary stores and towing barges with quartermaster's property, started past batteries at Vicksburg. The gunboats, Admiral Porter in command, passed down; damage unknown. Two transports destroyed; the THIRD, now at Brown &amp; Johnston's, apparently a wreck. Believe two of enemy's boats badly injured.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, April 17, 1863-2. 30 a. m.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, Tullahoma, Tenn.:

The following just received from Vicksburg:

Eight boats passed the bend; one was burned, two apparently disabled, and five gone down.

C. L. STEVENSON.

Indications of an attack on Vicksburg are so strong, I am not warranted in sending any more troops from this department.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, April 17, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, Tullahoma:

Troops sent to you were from Port Hudson-a brigade under General Buford; aggregate present, 4,065.

Enemy has now nine boats between Vicksburg and Port Hudson. He has land forces at New Carthage from Grant's army, and can re-enforce

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

