
kept in reserve not father than Jackson, to re-enforce this position if attacked on three sides. Reports from scouts and citizens on the upper river that troops are moving down; none going up. there is but a small force on Sunflower, and if threatened again there, and there in no change in front, I shall ask for troops to be sent as near as Big Black.

C. L. STEVENSON.

Vicksburg, April 17, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

I have just returned from Snyder's. The whole of the raft is gone; that from Yazoo City has not arrived, but is near by, but the current is so strong that another cannot be placed. We must depend upon heavy batteries at Snyder's and Haynes'. A large force is at work preparing to receive the heavy guns from here. We will concentrate the fire at those points. Shelter to our transports should it be necessary.

C. L. STEVENSON.

JACKSON, April 17, 1863.

Major [J. D.] BRADFORD, Panola:

Proceed at once to WEST Tennessee and muster into the service of the Confederate States Colonel [R. V.] Richardson's regiment of Partisan Rangers and all partisan corps having proper authority for organization of same. If Colonel Richardson is present and regularly mustered in, place him in arrest by my order, and assign command to senior officer present. If Colonel Richardson be not present, and is not mustered in, he will have nothing to do with the command of the regiment. Muster also such companies of Captain Harrison's command as may be ready.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, Jackson, April 17, 1863.

Lieutenant JAMES N. BRICKELL:

LIEUTENANT: You will proceed at once to Chattanooga and carry out the following instructions:

Having arrived there, you will use every effort to purchase 30 tons of coal. You will pay the market price at that place upon delivery on the cars. The coal will not be purchased unless transportation can be furnished within three weeks after date of purchase.

Quartermasters along the route will furnish every facility for transportation. You will request the quartermasters at Chattanooga to give you all the assistance you may require. Draw on me at sight for the amount.

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

Respectfully,

GEORGE UPSHUR MAYO,

Major and Chief of Ordnance, DEPT. MISS. and Eastern La.

Approved.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

It is indispensable that this coal be furnished without the least delay. If you cannot get the transportation forthwith, proceed to Tullahoma, and show this to General J. E. Johnston, asking authority to impress transportation.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

