
Vicksburg, April 18, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Large quantity of ammunition received from Jackson to-day. All quiet to-night.

C. L. STEVENSON.

HEADQUARTERS, Rolling Fork, April 18, 1863.

[General C. L. STEVENSON:]

GENERAL: I arrived here last night with the Fortieth Alabama and four pieces of artillery. The other section and the battalion of sharp shooters, under Major [H. W.] Bridges, will camp for the present at Willis' Plantation.

I find beef-cattle, mules, and supplies sufficient to load the Hartford City and Emma Bett, already collected here, but I do not venture to send either boat until I learn the result of the bombardment heard night before last and yesterday, having been warned by Brigadier-General [L.]l Hebert of the destruction of the raft cross Yazoo River and consequent danger of Gunboats passing up.

All the cavalry is in the vicinity of Greenville, watching the enemy, who still continue there. The last report from Captain [George] Barnes represents seven transports at the landing there. I trust I shall be informed at once when it will be safe to let the boats start, and that other boats will at once be sent for supplies, bringing with them all the flat-boats that can be collected at Haynes' Landing and along the river, otherwise it will be slow work getting corn down Deer Creek to the steamers. I would respectfully request that Captain Kelly, assistant quartermaster, be assigned permanently to duty here, with funds to settle the various bulls contracted by troops serving here in detached parties without commissary or quartermaster or officers experienced in such matters, and without one copy of the regulations from which information on the subject could be obtained. I had estimated for support of 300 men for sixty days when I first came up. What at the time remained of them was lost by the acting assistant quartermaster and assistant commissary of subsistence during the engagement with Admiral Porter's gunboats near Rolling Fork. The other troops that reported to me came unprovided with funds. Many families driven from their homes by the enemy, who have destroyed all their means of subsistence, are collected here in pitiable condition, awaiting an opportunity to get off in the steamers. I shall endeavor to transport as many as can be done without detriment to the service, and would respectfully recommend that, if possible, an additional boat be sent for the purpose of removing them. By this means the Government will be enabled to procure many teams and wagons, which, were they to remain at home, would in all probability fall into the hands of the enemy. While they remain outside my lines, their negroes flock to the Yankees, who are now arming and drilling them actively at Greenville. I have been compelled to purchase horses for the artillery, and have succeeded in getting some very fine carriage horses from planters whose corn has been burned. Will a separate assignment of funds be necessary to pay for these, or shall the account be settled by the quartermaster from what funds he may have on hand?

Inclosed are two communications from Lieutenant [T. B.] Garrett, of Captain [James] Lewers' company,* whom, on receipt of the last, I have

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

