
The enemy also making strong raids from three points on Memphis and Charleston Railroad between Memphis and Corinth. I shall look to them. Number of guns only will effect passage of our batteries. I should be strongly re-enforced in guns to prevent this.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

SNYDER'S MILL, April 20, 1863.

General STEVENSON, Vicksburg:

I will require 300 fathoms of heavy chain for fastening the obstructions I have provided. It is useless to add the importance of its speedy delivery. Without it the work cannot be completed, and the safety of the work already done jeopardized for want of fastenings. Two large hawsers are also wanted for towing the rafts.

Respectfully,

THOS. WELDON.

JACKSON, April 20, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond, Va.:

Large amount of hawsers and chain at Mobile. Absolutely necessary for proper defense of Vicksburg to have raft in Yazoo River, the one formerly constructed having given way. They cannot be obtained else-where. Please order them. General Buckner says They are needed there. Vicksburg is, in my opinion, more important than Mobile.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, April 20, 1863.

Major THEO. Johnston, Chief of Subsistence:

SIR: From reliable information it is ascertained that a large amount of beef-cattle, corn, and bacon can k be procured on the right branch of the Sunflower River, from Governor Mathews' place up to Bobo's plantation, and on the Hushpuckanaw. The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you send up an active agent at once, and collect all that can be brought out; especially does he direct that all the beef-cattle that can possibly be had be driven out, of possible.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. THOMPSON.

JACKSON, April 20, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, Tullahoma:

Major [C.] McGivern hands me a letter from Major Barbour, your chief quartermaster, directing him to establish a depot. I am now establishing depots on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. Depots cannot be established in this department without interfering with my supplies unless I control them. All that is necessary to regulation of railroads is authority to me from War Department. I do not think Major McGivern's presence will aid unless under my control. All my actions and orders with regard to subsistence have been regulated by consideration of the Army of Middle Tennessee. I wrote you on the subject April 17.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

