
JACKSON, April 21, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond:

The following just received from General Gardner, Port Hudson:

It is authentic that General Taylor has retreated to Vermillionville, and the advance of the enemy occupy New Iberia. Queen of the WEST and Diana destroyed. Also reported the Hart destroyed.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

(Repeated April 22.)

RICHMOND, April 21, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Since the 20th March to this date, eight 10-inch guns, one 7-inch rifle, three 30-pounder Parrotts, one 24-pounder rifle, one 8-inch howitzer, and two 32-pounder* double-banded Brooke guns have been sent you-sixteen in all. In addition to the above, two 10-inch are nearly ready for shipment. Anticipating your want of heavy guns, I have endeavored to provide for them, and will continue as far as possible to supply ammunition above the supply sent with each gun it was reported was supplied you from Selma and Montgomery. If your requisitions are not complied with promptly, advise me at once by telegram.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

JACKSON, April 21, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston:

General Ruggles sends the following report of scouts:

Some 8,000 or 10,000 enemy's troops were at Burnsville on Thursday might, with artillery, wagon train, and pontoon bridges, who stated that they would cross the Tennessee River at Eastport, to join Rosecrans. I give this merely as a report.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

TULLAHOMA, April 21, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Troops from Corinth occupy the cavalry, and mask the movement you suggest. Impossible at present. The enemy cannot be in force near Vicksburg and on the three routes you mention. Can you unite troops upon one of them, or destroy bridges?

J. E. Johnston.

GRAND GULF, April 21, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Gunboats quiet; 30 miles above. Re-enforcements all here. Disposition will be nearly perfected by 12 m. to-morrow.

JNO. S. BOWEN.

GRAND GULF, MISS., April 21, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Jackson:

Effective total is 4,200, besides Sixth Mississippi Regiment and First Confederate Battalion, just arriving.

JNO. S. BOWEN.

---------------

* This dispatch, as received January 22, was illegible after the word "thirty-two. " Repeated as above.

---------------

