
JACKSON, April 21, 1863.

General C. L. STEVENSON, Vicksburg:

There is a brigade here, but I cannot sent it until Buford's brigade gets back. Most of it had passed Selma yesterday, on return. I must have reserve here. Arrangements are being made for transportation in any direction.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

Vicksburg, April 21, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

I can get some of the guns from Fort Pemberton; that post will soon be high and dry.

C. L. STEVENSON.
HDQRS. DEPT. MISS AND E. La., Jackson, April 21, 1863.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON, Vicksburg:

The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say, in reply to your communication of to-day, that he has sent to Generals Smith and Taylor, informing them of his inability, on account of want of transportation, to operate against the enemy across the river, near New Carthage, and asking, therefore, that they would do so; that Brigadier-General Bowen has at Grand Gulf an effective force of 4,200, with which he will combat them, endeavoring to cross and land at Bayou Pierre; that he regards Warrenton as of the defenses proper of Vicksburg, and it will, therefore, be of the same care and regard to you as are the works more immediately around the city; that there is still need of retaining the guns at Fort Pemberton, as the water yet continues high enough to admit of the strength of the position being again tested by the enemy as formerly; that, with regard to cavalry, it is impossible to send you more, as the force now in this department is very limited and deficient, and as on it almost entirely now depends the successful defense of the northern part of the State against the strong raids of the enemy. Two companies of Waul's cavalry have been sent to Deer Creek, two ordered to report to General Barton, and the remaining two to General Chalmers; that he relies on the efficiency of the regiment now guarding the Big Black Bridge, but, on the return of General Buford's brigade, a force will be sent in that direction. Further, that he approves of stockades being placed as you have stated. Major [S. H.] Lockett will be ordered to report to you to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. C. TAYLOR,

Aide-de-Camp.

JACKSON, April 21, 1863.

Major THEO. Johnston, Chief of Subsistence:

SIR: About 4,000 troops will occupy different positions between Jackson and Big Black, and of these 2,000 will be encamped in the immediate vicinity of Big Black Bridge. You will take steps at once to have them supplied with proper rations.

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

J. THOMPSON,

Assistant Inspector-General.

