HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISS. AND E. La., Jackson, April 25, 1863.

Honorable John J. PETTUS, Governor of State of Mississippi:

SIR: The very inadequate force of cavalry in this department to successfully repel the heavy raids of the enemy now in operation renders it necessary to mount one of the regiments of Confederate infantry, and as the Government is unable to procure the horses necessary, I have the honor to call upon you to exercise the right vested in you by the Legislature of Mississippi, and to seize or impress the requisite number of animals-578-with trappings when possible, as these are quite as much needed by the Government for the equipment of cavalry as horses. I would respectfully request that you comply with the above as soon as possible, as the exigency of the case demands prompt action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. C. PEMBERTON.

BIG BLACK, April 25, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

The Nineteenth Arkansas two detached companies of Green's brigade, with a section of Lowe's battery, are guarding the bridge. Effective strength, 200. Guard duty exceedingly heavy. Twenty-seventh Alabama here, but not on duty; will be sent to Clinton, unless otherwise ordered.

TOM P. DOCKERY,

Colonel Nineteenth Arkansas, and Comdg. Forces on Big Black.

JACKSON, April 25, 1863.

Colonel T. P. DOCKERY, Big. Black, via Edwards Depot:

Do not move the Twenty-seventh Alabama Regiment without further orders from me.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, April 25, 1863.

Major-General GARDNER, Port Hudson:

Information from General Loring, at Meridian, renders it more than probable that cavalry raid will endeavor to join Banks. General Loring says at last reports he was at Paulding, Jasper County, Mississippi. Your cavalry must intercept him. He has not more than 400 at utmost. I telegraphed you yesterday to send cavalry toward Tangipahoa for that purpose.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

MERIDIAN, April 25, 1863.

Brigadier-General ADAMS, Lake:

Does General Pemberton wish all of my command to return to Jackson? I don't understand your telegram. I have one regiment at Enterprise; the enemy reported in that direction. Two regiments here held in readiness; the balance of my command, two regiments, in the direction of Columbus. It will take some time for cavalry to get to Enterprise or near it. Where is the cavalry to come from?

W. W. LORING.

