
MERIDIAN, April 25, 1863-12. 30 p. m.

General PEMBERTON:

The movement of the enemy indicates that they have gone in the direction of Baton Rouge. The last reliable information is that they were at Paulding. Cannot the cavalry at Clinton, La., intercept? Have telegraphed General Buckner to intercept from Pass Christian.

W. W. LORING.

JACKSON, April 25, 1863.

Major General W. W. LORING, Meridian:

Remain as you are until you hear from me. Telegraph every hour your position. Every train that can be used, let it bring down corn rapidly.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

MERIDIAN, April 25, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Comdg., Jackson, MISS.:

GENERAL: I sent you a reply to your note, by the way of Grenada, and informed you that the enemy came to Southern Railroad, too distant for me to know or hear of him in time, and while I was in transit, in accordance with your orders. When he struck the road, he was 139 miles from me and only 60 miles from Jackson.

This much to let you know my whereabouts. I have ordered Ruggles to collect all his cavalry, and endeavor to intercept him on his return. It is probable they will endeavor to go through to Baton Rouge, so that you had better send word to intercept them in that direction. I have just requested the people of Selma to guard the Sucarnoochee and Alamutche bridges on the Mississippi and Alabama Railroad.

I have also sent a command to Enterprise, with artillery, which I brought from Ruggles. I am anxious to communicate with the forces sent from Jackson to intercept him, and shall send a car to communicate at once. Have you sent to Grenada and to the cavalry at Clinton, La.? I have sent word to General Buckner to order his from Pass Christian.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISS. AND E. La., Jackson, April 25, 1863.

His Excellency John J. PETTUS:

SIR: The subject of adequately providing for the local defense of the State against marauding parties of the enemy is one to which I wish to call your especial attention, and ask your cordial co-operation. The people residing in the immediate vicinity of each important depot of supplies and manufactures, and each railroad connection, can easily render the Government an essential service and greatly relieve the army and increase its efficiency in protecting the country from the raids of the enemy. I would propose that you take immediate steps to organize all the citizens within a radius of 10 miles of each locality, not now in the Confederate or State service, into companies, battalions, and regiments, as the number at each place may justify. Let each man that can, arm himself, and let as many as possible be mounted, each man furnishing his own horse and equipments. When danger is apprehended,

