
these companies should assemble at a given point and should remain embodied until the danger shall have passed. The officers should be appointed and strict discipline should be maintained while engaged in active duty, and prompt obedience to all orders required. Such organizations can be made very useful, and the loss of time from the ordinary business pursuits quite insignificant. To carry out this suggestion, an enrollment should at once be made and the officers appointed to make it. Let each man select his own company, but after it reaches the number of 64, another should be formed.

Your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISS. AND E. La., Jackson, April 25, 1863.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON, Commanding, &amp;c., Vicksburg:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding says that he has not proposed to re-enforce Grand Gulf from Vicksburg, but it may nevertheless be necessary to do so. Vicksburg also may have to be re-enforced from Grand Gulf. You will, therefore, have communication established over the Big Black at the most desirable point. You are probably aware that the enemy is now making strong raids into the northern part of the State from three points, and that infantry must necessarily be used to hold all important places against their incursions on account of the great deficiency of cavalry in this command. Four thousand men have already been drawn from Port Hudson, and it may now be necessary, if that point is very seriously threatened, to re-enforce it. It is indispensable that you keep in your lines only such force as is absolutely needed to hold them, and organize the remainder, if there are any of your troops as a movable force available for any point where it may be most required.

J. C. TAYLOR,Aide-de-Camp.

JACKSON, April 25, 1863.

General C. L. STEVENSON, Vicksburg:

Place all field howitzers along the bank at shortest range possible. Prepare incendiary shell-they can be made with pieces of port fire-to set fire to their cotton-clad boats as they pass. I think all these guns can be spared from points above the city, where the enemy is not likely to land. Can be replaced, if necessary, by 6-pounders. Incendiary shells have been ordered for heavy guns.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

Vicksburg, April 25, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

I will have a boat-bridge at Hall's Ferry in three or four days.

C. L. STEVENSON.

C. S. ARSENAL, Jackson, MISS., April 25, 1863.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, DEPT. of MISS. and Eastern La.:

MAJOR: I am expecting a large quantity of heavy projectiles, field ammunition, small-arms ammunition, 70,000 musket percussion caps

