
and 30. 000 pounds powder from the Confederate States Arsenals at Charleston, S. C., Augusta and Atlanta, Ga., Montgomery, Selma, and Mobile, Ala., and have the honor to request that I may be informed the earliest moment possible that the condition of the railroad will permit of a messenger being dispatched to hurry up these stores, as I am greatly in need of them, having issued to Major Mayo within the past week nearly all of the kind of stores above named that I had on hand.

Very respectfully,

PHIL. STOCKTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

GOODMAN, April 25, 1863-10. 30 p. m.

General PEMBERTON:

I have examined crossing of Big Black. I leave a battalion and one piece artillery. They can hold it. Nothing further from Kosciusko. Have sent scout to ascertain quickly and thoroughly. I go to Durant, and will be governed by circumstances.

LLOYD TILGHMAN.

JACKSON, April 25, 1863.

Brigadier-General TILGHMAN, Canton:

Move up the road with your command and field battery as far as Durant, where you will leave the cars and move toward Rockport. If circumstances have changed, you must be guided by your discretion.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, April 26, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, Tullahoma, Tenn.:

All mounted men are actively engaged endeavoring to intercept enemy; none stationary. Chalmers also moving east. Enemy, who were at Okolona, driven back. Defeated them at Birmingham, killing some 20 and wounding many others. Party from Memphis falling back. Have no cavalry of importance to operate against the Newton Station party; am mounting some infantry. Hope to intercept them. These raids cannot be prevented unless I can have more mounted men.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

LAKE, April 26, 1863.

General PEMBERTON:

I have about 100 mounted men scouting in party. Report enemy 800, 15 miles south. Excepted to strike here or Forrest Station. Fear if I leave for Forrest enemy will come here. If you could send a regiment at once to Forrest, could save both. Haven't heard from General Loring.

JOHN ADAMS.

PANOLA, MISS., April 26, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Jackson:

I am informed the enemy has gone south. I will return to my district by way of Holly Springs, and, if possible, obey your suggestions en route.

