
cepting a raid of Federal cavalry. He will communicate with Lieutenant-Colonel [George] Gantt, and act in concert with him.

*			*			*			*			*

VIII. Colonel H. B. Granbury, with his regiment, the Seventh Texas [leaving a small camp guard in his camp], will proceed to Woodville, MISS., for temporary service, and to intercept a cavalry raid of the enemy's cavalry, supposed to be moving toward that place. He will also assume command of what cavalry there may be there.

IX. Brigadier-General Gregg will order a section of Bledsoe's battery to report to Colonel Granbury, to proceed with him to Woodville, MISS.

By command of Major General Frank Gardner.

[T. F. WILLSON,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, April 29, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

The telegram [following], announcing the advance of the enemy on Alexandria, has been received. Have you any information as to the forces of General Smith, and his disposition of them against the reported movement of the enemy? As far as possible, I wish you to keep up communication with General Smith, to secure co-intelligence between you.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

ALEXANDRIA, April 25, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond:

The Federal Army, under General Banks, is within one day's march of Alexandria. General Taylor is falling back toward Natchitoches. The Red River, below Alexandria, will soon be in possession of the enemy.

E. KIRBY SMITH.

JACKSON, April 29, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond, Va.:

Enemy's gunboats attacked our batteries at Grand Gulf this morning from above and below. Very heavy firing. The telegraph wires are down. The enemy has, therefore, either landed on this side of Mississippi River, or they have been cut by Grierson's cavalry, which had reached Union Church, on road from Hazlehurst to Natchez. All the cavalry I can raise is close on their rear. Skirmishing with them yesterday evening.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Jackson, MISS., April 29, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond:

Six gunboats, averaging ten guns each, opened terrific fire upon our batteries at Grand Gulf at 7 a. m., and continued without intermission six hours and a half, when they withdrew; several boats apparently damaged. One, disabled, lying on Louisiana shore below. Our loss, 3 killed, including Colonel [William] Wade, General Bowen's chief of

51 R R-VOL. XXIV, PT. III

