
I shall go out with a reconnoitering party at daylight in the morning, and will report the result to you at the earliest opportunity. After I have established my command, pursuant to your instructions, and examined my surroundings, I will come down to see you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. F. QUINBY.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., March 3, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

SIR: All the movements required by orders are in progress, but as they involve a change of position from Columbus throughout to Memphis, it is rather slow progress. The garrisons belonging to Columbus are being drawn in to that point; all troops below Union City to Jackson. This will leave a stretch of about 70 miles between outposts of Columbus and Jackson, which can only be explored by cavalry. Sullivan is directed to keep his cavalry moving east and north, and I shall send Asboth (THIRD Illinois) from this place six companies, which, with two now at Columbus, he is directed to keep out. My only apprehension is of the crossing by mounted men being made over the Tennessee and a dash through this open space on Hickman and Fort Pillow. Grierson, with three battalions of cavalry, left La Grange yesterday to break up [R. V.] Richardson's gang near Covington. Lee, with 400, moved this morning direct from Germantown; the THIRD Michigan, or a portion of that regiment, from Jackson, to watch the crossing of the Hatchie, and three companies from Fort Pillow to break up a ferry above Covington. The Hatchie is so high that I do not think they can escape the way, and my orders are to make the work thorough, but spare all peaceable people. If the SECOND Illinois Cavalry is not needed below, it would be of great use around Memphis. I consider the SECOND and Sixth Illinois worth all the rest for duty in this neighborhood.

Lauman will be ready to embark as soon as transports arrive, and no delay shall occur which I can possibly prevent. We will lose telegraph communications from Jackson to Columbus, I think, to-night, as I have no doubt the people along the line, or some of them, will destroy the wires. Orders have been published and will be enforced in business of Colonel [John] Van Arman and Captain Silfversparre. Van Arman, two weeks since, applied for leave to go to Cairo, while waiting his resignation. I allowed him four days. He has not returned, and is, I hear, at Springfield. He has, therefore, not yet received his papers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.

[MARCH 3, 1863. -For Dodge to Rosecrans, about Confederates moving toward Tennessee, see Series I, VOL. XXIII, Part II, p. 100.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Before Vicksburg, March 4, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Comdg. SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: If the Columbus road cannot be repaired within forty-eighth hours from the receipt of this, break up the garrison north of

