
Vicksburg, May 3, 1863.

Colonel J. A. ORR, Edwards Depot:

On the arrival of Featherston, with his brigade [he is now on his way down], your regiment and Colonel [J.] Snodgrass' will go to the bridge. Until he arrives, remain at depot. General Loring, with rest of his command, will probably reach bridge to night, on this side.

J. C. PEMBERTON.
HEADQUARTERS, Vicksburg, May 3, 1863.

Captain H. C. TUPPER,Aide-de-Camp:

SIR: In reply to the inquiry of the lieutenant-general commanding as to whether incendiary composition has been put in the shells of field guns bearing on the river, I have to state that the order was duly communicated to Brigadier-General [S. D.] Lee, with instructions to carry it into effect. I have no report of the progress made. My ordnance officer was also directed to prepare shells as above, but found it impossible to extract the Bormann fuse without destroying it so much that it could not be replaced, and used the only kind of incendiary composition at hand, small pieces of port-fire mixed with the bursting charge of powder. Under these circumstances he made a requisition on the department ordnance officer for shells already prepared, requiring no fuses, the ingredients and proportions for composition being stated. To this, no reply has yet been received.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH.
HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Vicksburg, May 3, 1863.

Major-General STEVENSON:

Bowen heard from this morning. Loring had arrived. Bowen had abandoned his position north side of Bayou Pierre, and the inference is that he will fall back by Rocky Springs. Loring has been directed to take position on river at railroad bridge, crossing river at most convenient point. Four thousand cavalry on their way to Mississippi. Secretary of War promises heavy re-enforcements from Beauregard. Bowen says the enemy took the road to Jackson from Port Gibson. The lieutenant-general commanding will not come out to-day, owing to present condition of things at office.

I am, respectfully,J. THOMPSON,

Assistant Inspector-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Vicksburg, May 3, 1863.

Major-General STEVENSON, Big Black:

GENERAL: [J. C.] Moore's brigade is by this time in position at Warrenton, with a battery; four pieces to his battery-James' and 18-pounder guns. As soon as possible, I desire to concentrate the army, with a view to operations against the enemy. There is said to be some 170 beeves on the other side, near Hankinson's Ferry. I hope you will be able to get them over. As soon as it is safe, I desire to see you here.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

