
I had already ordered three brigades to move toward the point indicated as soon as it was possible to do so, the troops being prostrated by constant marching and want to sleep, and commenced the movement of our wagon trains at 12 o'clock last night, in order that our march would not be embarrassed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING.

Vicksburg, May 4, 1863.

Major General W. W. LORING:

If you are satisfied the enemy is in force at Hankinson's Ferry, you must make your disposition to meet him. Brigadier-General Moore's brigade is at Warrenton. Brigadier-General Featherston's brigade is at Edwards Depot. You must establish a line of couriers, not more than 2 or 3 miles apart, and keep me constantly advised of movements; keep me informed every half hour, at least. If a battle is imminent, the lieutenant-general commanding will come down himself.

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

J. THOMPSON,

Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS, May 4, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,Commanding, Vicksburg:

GENERAL: The command is marching rapidly as directed. I started yesterday afternoon and last night Colonel [T. H.] Taylor's brigade, and Colonel [T. M.] Scott, with his command, being comparatively fresh, Colonel Taylor's brigade is the one ordered to halt before reaching the bridge. I think it better is the one ordered to halt before reaching the bridge. I think it better for this to go on to the bridge for the present, as it can reach there before any other, and being strong can keep the enemy back, should they come, until re-enforcements arrive. Unless I hear from you, I shall order it to continue its march.

Has it occurred to you that it would be a difficult matter for a large command of the enemy to march to the railroad without making preparations, and that they might move upon Warrenton by water?

You are better able, however, to judge of this.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING.

MONT ALBAN, May 4, 1863-10 p. m.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Vicksburg:

Rear of Bowen's DIVISION passed through here this hour. Tilghman 5 or 6 miles behind him. Stevenson and Taylor in their positions. Baldwin and Barton left for theirs early this morning. Have no further information relative to enemy's movements other side Big Black.

W. W. LORING.

NEAR BARNES' AND HALL'S FERRY ROAD, May 4, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Vicksburg:

GENERAL: We moved, bringing up the rear slowly, from Hankinson's to-day, to give the enemy a chance to show his force. I do not think that more than a scout crossed. I have [S. M.] Barton at Warrenton,

