
night. I know of no enemy south of us. With the forces ordered and those I have supplied with ammunition, the country can be protected against raid. General Forrest has not communicated with me yet.

General Chalmers near Okolona last night.

DANIEL RUGGLES.

Vicksburg, May 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General RUGGLES, Okolona:

You must endeavor to communicate with General Forrest, and learn where he is.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

Vicksburg, May 4, 1863.

General DANIEL RUGGLES, Verona, via Okolona:

The cavalry of your district will unite and co-operate with General

Chalmers.

J. C. PEMBERTON.
HDQRS. FIRST DIST., DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., In the Field, May 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS, Okolona, or Prairie Mound:

GENERAL: In consequence of reports requiring consideration that the enemy are making a raid in the vicinity of Tupelo, I have found it necessary to proceed with my forces immediately in that direction. In case you deem it expedient to move to Pontotoc or in the direction of New Albany, with a view of co-operating with me on a line between Tupelo and New Albany, I shall be glad if you could make it convenient to come by the way of Verona, so as to have an interview with you on the subject of our future operations. If in the meantime you deem it expedient to come with your whole force, I think supplies may be found for them, and I think their services may be wanted; but on this point I shall be able to give you further information in a few hours. It might, therefore, be as well, if you make any movement, that it shall be in such direction as to join or promptly co-operate with me. The force of enemy at Tupelo is represented to be about 500.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,DANIEL RUGGLES.

HEADQUARTERS, In the Field, May 4, 1863.

General [RUGGLES]:

GENERAL: Your note of this date has been received. I started last night and moved 5 miles in your direction, when your note, informing me that the enemy was twenty-four hours ahead of you, and of your intention to return to Okolona, was received. We had then to travel 10 miles farther to get forage, and, after a trip of 25 miles to join you, exhausted both horses and men, who had then been marching already for two weeks. I have made diligent inquiry, and can hear of no forage in the direction you indicated, and my command is unable to move without it. You will not need assistance against the 500 men, and, if more should come, I should think with your infantry at Okolona and your cavalry you could meet them. In addition to this, I have a telegram

