
Vicksburg, May 5, 1863.

Brigadier-General BOWEN, Bovina:

I want you to get your regiments and brigades together as soon as possible. Am waiting for this to make a move.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

[Same to Loring.]

BOVINA, May 5, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

All my command is up and together, excepting the two regiments left with General [S. D.] Lee on rear-guard, which are reported coming up. Will be ready for a move with whole command by morning. Please let the Missouri prisoners report to me to-night. I have about 140 wagons in the DIVISION, averaging about 11 to a regiment.

JNO. S. BOWEN.

Vicksburg, May 5, 1863.

Brigadier-General BOWEN, Bovina:

GENERAL: When the enemy intends to make his advance in force against Warrenton he will probably demonstrate heavily toward railroad bridge south and east of Big Black River. You will place your DIVISION on the south and east side of the bridge, and send a regiment to Edwards Depot to prevent cavalry raids, and also place a guard to the ferry and at Bridgeport. If the demonstration at Edwards Depot should be in force, the regiment must fall back to the bridge. All heavy baggage and tents must be sent to Vicksburg. Troops will bivouac, and only sufficient wagons will be moved with them to transport ammunition and cooking utensils. General Loring is directed to move with his DIVISION to Lanier's, on the Baldwin's and Mont Alban road. I sent you a field battery to-day. I am sorry I could not send you more howitzers. You can send up immediately for small-arms for the Missouri troops attached to your DIVISION.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

Vicksburg, May 5, 1863.

Brigadier General John S. BOWEN,

Comdg., Bovina:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to inform you that there is a cargo of 115,512 pounds of rice upon the steamer Beaufort, and a lot of harness on the steamer Dot, both now lying at the bridge, which you are directed to have transported to Bovina with your wagons, and thence by railroad to Vicksburg. The lieutenant-general also directs that when Major-General Loring's DIVISION shall have been consolidated and removed from the position he now occupies, you will assume command of the defenses at the bridge, on both sides of the Big Black, with a regiment as a guard at Edwards Depot. If you have any cavalry with you, you will order them to report at once to Major-General Stevenson, to watch the approaches of the enemy from the east toward Big Black, as it is more important they should be in that service than with you, and as the cavalry is operating from Edwards Depot on the side of the river. A field battery of six pieces [two howitzers and four 6-pounders] has been ordered, and is now en route to report to you.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. C. TUPPER,

Aide-de-Camp.

