
MOBILE, May 5, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

I sent you the SECOND Alabama Cavalry to aid in covering Northern Mississippi and Alabama. A raid is now reported at Elyton, making probably toward Selma. As I have sent you every disposable man, and learn that the last cavalry sent is about being diverted toward Jackson, I must call on you to cover Selma and our important works there.

S. B. BUCKNER.

PORT HUDSON, May 5, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON:

I have managed to decipher a portion of your telegram of yesterday, but cannot understand it all. I cannot move 5,000 men at once, but will do so as soon as wagons return. I will move as many as possible to-morrow. Shall I order Simonton from Ponchatoula?

FRANK. GARDNER.
HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Vicksburg, May 5, 1863.

Major-General LORING,Comdg., Bovina:

GENERAL: When the enemy intends to make his movement in force against Warrenton, he will probably demonstrate heavily toward the railroad on the east of Big Black River. To support Major-General Stevenson, who, with [J. C.] Moore's brigade, of Forney's DIVISION, and his own DIVISION, will occupy the right, you will early to-morrow move your entire DIVISION [Tilghman's, Featherston's, and Buford's brigades] to the neighborhood of B. Lanier's, on the Baldwin's Ferry and Mont Alban road. Brigadier-General Bowen is directed to take position on the east and south of Big Black Bridge, with his own and [M. E.] Green's brigades, keeping a regiment on guard at Edwards Depot. All heavy baggage and tents must be sent to Vicksburg. Troops will bivouac, and only sufficient wagons will be moved with them to transport ammunition and cooking utensils.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON.

BOVINA, May 5, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Captain Cantey informs me that the enemy have captured two companies of our troops to-day, numbering about 100 men, at 9 a. m., about 16 miles from Edwards Depot. The enemy reported 500 strong within 6 miles of Edwards Depot when last heard from. Think the story of captain improbable.

W. W. LORING.

Vicksburg, May 5, 1863.

General W. W. LORING, Bovina:

The enemy, both infantry and cavalry, are reported advancing upon Edwards Depot. Take your position at the bridge or at Edwards Depot, whichever you deem best. You must hold the bridge. Do not allow any ammunition to fall into the hands of the enemy at the depot.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

