
hope to be able to make a move very soon, which may delay payments for some time. I was excessively put out at the non-arrival of paymasters with funds.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Before Vicksburg, March 4, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Comdg. SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: There is a man by the name of John R. Fairley, living in Memphis, who has been engaged in enticing our soldiers to desert, and in one instance that can be proven enticed a sergeant of an Indiana regiment to take a ride with him in his buggy for the purpose of having him captured and paroled. The man was captured and paroled, whilst Fairley was left unmolested, and allowed to return to the city with his horse and buggy. Fairley is an Indiana man, but married South. I presume he passes for a Union man, but the above are, no doubt, facts against him. As the evidence would have to be gotten from Indiana, it might satisfy the ends of justice to expel this man from our lines, family and all, take possession of his property-real estate-by the quartermaster.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT.

COLUMBUS, KY., March 4, 1863.

Colonel MOORE,

Commanding at Union City:

Van Dorn's force is given from 8,000 to 20,000 men. He will, however, hardly cross the Tennessee in force, but send scouting parties to forage and conscript at and around Huntingdon. Look out for them, and have them captured. A citizen will report to you will information by my orders.

ASBOTH.

COLUMBUS, KY., March 4, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Comdg. SIXTEENTH Army Corps, Memphis, Tenn.:

I received from Fort Donelson to-day the following telegram:

I do not think this post is in danger. Van Dorn is about the mouth of Duck River, 40 miles off.

A. C. HARDING,

Commanding.

To reach Donelson from that point the rebels would have to go back again to the divide ridge, and thence follow a zigzag course, with great delay, as they cannot proceed along the river across the many sloughs at present. My impression is, therefore, that Van Dorn will attempt to cross the Tennessee to Huntingdon, &c., a la Forrest.

I direct Colonel Moore, at Union City, to send out scouting parties in that direction frequently. Besides the Fortieth Iowa Regiment, I have sent no other troops away, but hold them in readiness.

I communicate to General Sullivan above telegram.

ASBOTH.

