
TULLAHOMA, May 8, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

I asked General Beauregard if he could re-enforce you; he replies that he has just started two strong brigades to join [you]; all he can spare.

J. E. Johnston.

JACKSON, May 8, 1863.

General PEMBERTON:

Will have positions for sixteen guns, connected by rifle-pits, to the WEST of Jackson, resting on Pearl River, extending north and south, completed in one week; have but two guns. Governor offers two State pieces. Shall I take them?

JOHN ADAMS.

Vicksburg, May 8, 1863.

General GARDNER, Osyka:

Return with 2,000 troops to Port Hudson, and hold it to the last. President says both places must be held.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

PANOLA, MISS., May 8, 1863.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

MAJOR: My command will reach here to-morrow, having moved by easy stages from LA Fayette Springs. Owing to the heavy rains in which we traveled, many of the horses' backs were made sore, and they will not all be fit for service under two weeks. I learn, however, from my scouts, that there is now a good chance to strike the Charleston Railroad at LA Fayette, where the enemy is weakest, as you will see from the report I send you, and perhaps 800 men could be mounted at once to make the effort, if the general thinks it advisable. I was moving to Holly Springs for that purpose, when turned back by the enemy at New Albany. If the thinks it best to wait awhile, and to move up to Senatobia and gather supplies, let him telegraph me to "Take position. " If he has other use for my force, and does not wish me to cross the Tallahatchee at all, he can say, "Wait orders. " I make the request because every thing that comes by telegraph gets out in some mysterious manner. As soon as my command gets in, I will send you full report of strength.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. CHALMERS.

JACKSON, May 8, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

General Gholson, telegraphs enemy driven back from Tupelo; we now hold Tupelo. General Harris, with 700 men, en route to Vicksburg. Leave Meridian this morning. Can we not have a few more troops here? Five hundred negroes on fortifications; soon finished. Four State guns here. Direct General Adams to give requisitions for them.

JOHN J. PETTUS.

