
Vicksburg, May 9, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond:

Position unaltered. Can make no change until arrival of re-enforcements. Enemy still on east side of Big Black.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

Vicksburg, May 9, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, Tullahoma:

One brigade, about 5,000 infantry, cavalry, and artillery, at Port Hudson. Two en route from there to this place.

J. C. PEMBERTON.
HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Vicksburg, May 9, 1863.

Lieutenant General E. KIRBY SMITH, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: The enemy having effected a landing on the eastern bank of the Mississippi River, in force, at the mouth of Bayou Pierre, I have abandoned Grand Gulf, and, leaving sufficient force in Vicksburg for its protection, have taken position on the western and northern side of Big Black River and on the Southern Railroad, connecting Jackson and Vicksburg. This leaves the country from the Mississippi River toward Jackson open to the approaches of the enemy. My cavalry is weak, and wholly inadequate either to cut the lines of communication of the enemy with the Mississippi River or to guard and protect my own. Vicksburg, and consequently the navigation of the Mississippi River, is the vital point indispensable to be held. Nothing can be done which might jeopardize it. My force is insufficient for offensive operations. I must stand on the defensive, at all events until re-enforcements reach me. You can contribute materially to the defense of Vicksburg and the navigation of the Mississippi River by a movement upon the line of communications of the enemy on the western side of the river. He derives his supplies and re-enforcements for the most part by a route which leads from Milliken's Bend to New Carthage, La., a distance of some 35 or 40 miles. To break this would render a most important service. I trust you will be able, as I know you desire, to co-operate with me in this vital undertaking. I hope you will let me hear from you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. C. PEMBERTON.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Maxey will reach Brookhaven on Tuesday.

FRANK. GARDNER.

HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Vicksburg, May 9, 1863.

Major General W. W. LORING,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you guard Baldwin's and Hall's Ferries, and also the private ferries nearest them. As General Stevenson's line is too long for him to attend to them, you will also

