HEADQUARTERS LORING'S DIVISION, near Lanier's, Baldwin's Ferry Road, May 9, 1863-9. 30 p. m.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

MAJOR: I have not yet ventured a suggestion about the movements of the troops, but will do so now, with your permission.

The enemy are reported fortifying positions along the road leading to the railroad and toward Jackson. They will not attempt to pass the Big Black or move upon the railroad until this is done. Is it not, then, our policy to take the offensive before they can make themselves secure and move either way as it may suit them? Order your forces from Jackson to Raymond. The line from Baldwin's Ferry and below it, extending to Raymond, is, I am informed, a strong one; part of it I know from observation to be so. Direct Bowen's brigade upon the line. Let my DIVISION have pontoons ready and at any moment thrown across with his DIVISION at Hall's Ferry and the other ferries, and be ready to cross to the rear of the enemy. I believe if a well-concerted plan be adopted, we can drive the enemy into the Mississippi, if it is done in time. They don't expect anything of the kind; they think we are on the defensive.

I am, major, respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. W. LORING.
HEADQUARTERS LORING'S DIVISION, Lanier's, near Baldwin's Ferry Road, May 9, 1863-10 p. m.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

MAJOR: We have been busily engaged in making out a field return for several days, but the scattered condition of the command has prevented it. I will send it as soon as I can. I have enough of it to know that it is but a fraction over 6,500. Three of the regiments have been detached, two for mounted infantry, and one to do the guard duty of Jackson, part of it mounted. I would respectfully recommend that instead of mounting a portion of several regiments, one be selected, if it is required, and the others ordered to join my DIVISION. The commanding general informed me that it was his intention to order the Fourteenth Mississippi Regiment to be relieved by General [J.] Gregg and ordered here. You will please notice the large detachment which has been some time in the direction of Snyder's Bluff, or Deer Creek. I am the more particular in thus calling your attention to this detachment, because of the haste in which officers recently in command there complained about a few of their men whom they thought had been detained on the Yazoo River.

I am, major, respectfully, yours,

W. W. LORING.

Vicksburg, May 9, 1863.

Colonel R. V. RICHARDSON, Edwards Depot:

Report to General Bowen. Send me a return of your effective strength. Remain where you are until further orders from General Bowen or myself. Stop all the cavalry which comes, and report their arrival.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

54 R R-VOL. XXIV, PT. III

