
I am informed by one of the brigade commanders of my DIVISION that General Stevenson was ordered to withdraw from Warrenton in case it was attacked, and take up a line which will extend from a point near Carter's to a point near Mrs. J. Gibson's, thus placing my line some 6 or 8 miles in front, say from Hubbard's to D. Whittaker's. Please inform me if I am to govern my movements by that of General Stevenson. Please advise me at once.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. W. LORING.

Vicksburg, May 10, 1863.

Major Gens. W. W. LORING and C. L. STEVENSON,

Comdg.,&c.:

GENERALS: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say to you that he finds great difficulty in having his views comprehended, and wishes to see you at once personally.

I am, generals, very respectfully, &c.,

F. M. STAFFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Vicksburg, May 10, 1863.

General W. W. LORING,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say that your movement from Lanier's was not in accordance with his wishes or instructions, and that a strong brigade must immediately be placed in easy supporting distance of General Bowen, whose position is liable to be threatened at any moment by a heavy force of the enemy. The same circumstances which led to the order of removal to Whittaker's being countermanded still exist.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. TAYLOR,

Aide-de-Camp.

Vicksburg, May 10, 1863.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you assume command at once of all of the troops along your line, including Brigadier-General Moore's brigade, Colonel Waul's Legion, and the Mississippi State troops which are temporarily attached to your command. He also directs that you place two long-range guns, or more, if you deem best, on the hills on which Major Lockett, chief engineer, has been ordered to throw up intrenchments,

I am, general, very respectfully, &c.,

F. M. STAFFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Edwards Depot, May 10, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

DEAR SIR: My scouts from Burtonton report the enemy as having evacuated Port Gibson. They landed at Grand Gulf, and their direction

