
of movement is up the Big Black. Colonel Wirt Adams last Wednesday entered Port Gibson, captured some prisoners, horses, and ambulances. He also had a skirmish on Thursday at Burtonton, but was forced to retire before superior numbers.

The enemy in small bands are stealing horses, &amp;c., along the Bayou Pierre. Inclosed find a return of three additional companies of the Twentieth Mississippi, and part of another company, which have been here on duty before I came. *

Very respectfully,

R. V. RICHARDSON,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry, &c.

Vicksburg, May 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General ADAMS, or Commanding Officer, Jackson:

Send forward immediately to Raymond all of General Gist's command that have arrived, including field battery, if any there, to report to General Gregg, taking only cooking utensils and ammunition; no baggage.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, May 11, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

None of Gist's brigade here; no field battery; one regiment and two battalions of Walker's brigade here; seven companies of THIRD Kentucky mounted infantry arrived this afternoon; unless otherwise ordered, will send them to Raymond. Federal cavalry estimated force, 300; burned depot and destroyed track at Crystal Springs, on New Orleans and Jackson Railroad; trains of cars below Crystal Springs.

JOHN ADAMS.

EDWARDS, May 11, 1863.

General PEMBERTON:

Just arrived. Coming by Raymond. Enemy in force this morning 6 miles above Utica, moving toward Auburn. Raymond being entirely uncovered by moving my six companies to this point by General Bowen's order, I have sent back one squadron to guard approaches until General Gregg arrives. Skirmishing this morning 6 miles from Edwards, on Port Gibson road.

WIRT ADAMS,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

Vicksburg, May 11, 1863.

Colonel WIRT ADAMS, Jackson:

Take command of all cavalry at Edwards Depot, and operate on the lines of the enemy on Big Black. Endeavor to cut his communications, &c., covering both Edwards Depot and Raymond, and keeping the commanding officers there informed of all movements.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

---------------

*Return reports 9 officers and 159 men present for duty.

---------------

