
toward Jackson is in reality on Big Black Bridge, in which case you must be prepared to attack them in rear and on flank.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

Vicksburg, May 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General GREGG, Raymond, via Clinton:

I directed a telegram to you from General Loring's headquarters. If the enemy advance on you too strongly, fall back on Jackson. All the South Carolina troops will be ordered to Raymond, to support you or cover your retreat, as the case may be. If, however, the enemy approaches Big Black Bridge, hold your command in readiness to attack him in rear or flank. If you should be superseded, communicate this to commanding officer. Employ the cavalry actively in scouting and harassing his movements.

J. C. PEMBERTON.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISS. AND E. La., Vicksburg, May 11, 1863.

Major General W. W. LORING,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general directs me to say, in reply to the communication addressed to you by Brigadier-General Tilghman, and forwarded by you to these headquarters, that it seems to him the movement purported about to be made against Jackson is in reality against Big Black Bridge, in co-operation with the force opposite Baldwin's Ferry. He directs that you hold yourself prepared accordingly. General Stevenson has been advised, and directed to co-operate with you in such an event.

Very respectfully, &c.,

F. M. STAFFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Vicksburg, May 11, 1863.

General LORING:

I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that he wrote you a communication this evening in the dark, directing you to move two brigades of your DIVISION close to General Bowen's position. This movement is made, fearing it may be necessary to cross Big Black Bridge, which, if necessary, must be done as rapidly as possible. To effect this, you will keep your command in readiness to move at a moment's notice. This is written, fearing that you may not have been able to read the communication previously sent.

J. H. MORRISON,

Aide-de-Camp.

HALL'S FERRY, May 11, 1863-4 p. m.

Captain [THOMAS M.] CROWDER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Buford's Brigadier:

SIR: My scouts have just returned from across the river. Saw cavalry on the Jackson road. Citizens and negroes report a heavy force of cavalry, artillery, and infantry moving up the Jackson road. General Grant is reported to be in command of this column, and a brigadier-general who dined yesterday at Mrs. Fisher's declared it to be their

