
had been ordered to move two brigades of his DIVISION close to General Bowen's position. You will move so as to rest your left close to his right. If a subsequent move is made by which General Loring's right is moved, you will close in to the left, keeping your left at all times in close proximity to his right. You will keep your command in readiness to move at a moment's notice.

J. H. MORRISON,

Aide-de-Camp.

HUBBARD'S, May 11, 1863.

Major GEO. McKNIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First DIVISION:

MAJOR: Captain Graham, on picket at the ferry, reports the enemy in pretty strong force on the opposite side of the river, extending from above the ferry to Downs', 1 1/2 miles below. They occupy the breastworks on the opposite side.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LLOYD TILGHMAN.

Vicksburg, May 11, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. T. WALKER, Jackson:

Move immediately with your command to Raymond. General Gregg has been ordered, if the enemy advance on him in too strong force, to fall back on Jackson. You will do likewise, in conjunction with him. If the enemy advance on you in not too strong force, you will meet them. If, instead of advancing on Jackson, he should advance on Big Black Bridge, the command, under direction of the senior officer, will attack him in rear and flank.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, May 11, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON,

Commanding, Vicksburg:

The most of the stores have been moved from Jackson and Meridian. Considerable supplies at Macon and Columbus. Should they be removed, and where?

THEO. Johnston.

Vicksburg, May 11, 1863.

Major THEO. Johnston, Jackson:

If the enemy moves on Jackson, I will advance to meet them, and must have subsistence provided at Jackson.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

PANOLA, MISS., May 11, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Vicksburg, MISS.:

I have information I deem reliable that an advance of 10,000 will be made on Jackson from Corinth, and that Lauman's DIVISION was to move on Vicksburg yesterday from Memphis, leaving this place almost destitute of troops.

JAMES R. CHALMERS.

