
MONTGOMERY, ALA., May 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General RUGGLES, Columbus, MISS.:

I have no information of the advance of the enemy on Columbus. Brigadier-General Forrest is coming into Mississippi from the direction of Tuscumbia, Ala.

J. E. Johnston.

Vicksburg, May 12, 1863.

JEFFERSON DAVIS, Richmond, Va., and

General Johnston, Tullahoma:

The enemy is apparently moving in heavy force toward Edwards Depot, Southern Railroad. With my limited force, I will do all I can to meet him. That will be the field of battle if I can carry forward sufficient force, leaving troops enough to secure the safety of this place. Re-enforcements are arriving very slowly; only 1,500 have come as yet. I urgently ask that more be sent; also that 3,000 cavalry be at once sent to operate on this line. I urge this as a positive necessity. The enemy largely outnumbers me, and I am obliged to hold back large forces at the ferries on Big Black, lest he cross and take this place. I am also compelled to keep a considerable force on either flank of Vicksburg, out of supporting distance of Edwards, to prevent his approach in those directions.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

RICHMOND, May 12, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON, Vicksburg:

I have impressed upon the Governor the necessity to aid you by calling out all who can render even temporary service, and have ordered arms and ammunition to meet evens which will thus be created. The efforts to supply you with cavalry have not been successful, but it may be that you can get mounted men from volunteers of the country. The re-enforcements sent to you should now be arriving. In your situation, much depends on the good-will and support of the people. To secure this, it is necessary to add conciliation to the discharge of duty. Patience in listening to suggestions which may not promise much, is sometimes rewarded by gaining useful information.

I earnestly desire that, in addition to success, you should enjoy the full credit of your labors.

We look anxiously and hopefully for the next intelligence of your campaign.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

Vicksburg, May 12, 1863.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS, Richmond:

If Arkansas Post prisoners are sent here, I shall need at least their complement of arms to supply them.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, May 12, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Bovina.

Gregg has fallen back some 3 or 4 miles this side of Raymond. Heavy force of enemy engaged him to-day. I have sent him six companies

