
THIRD Kentucky Mounted Infantry, about 1,000 men under General [W. H. T.] Walker, and one battery-about 1,200 men; one battery to arrive in morning. Will send them forward at once. General Johnston expected here to-morrow.

JOHN ADAMS.

Vicksburg, May 12, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Bovina:

Following note from telegraphic manager at this place just received:

Your telegram to General Johnston will be delivered to him at Meridian. He will be in Jackson to-morrow. The operator in Jackson informed me this.

E. L. MARCHANT,

Manager.

I have instructed him to send dispatch to Tullahoma also.

F. M. STAFFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Vicksburg, May 12, 1863.

President DAVIS, Richmond, Va.:

The following dispatch from General Chalmers, Panola, received 9. 30 p. m., subsequent to my dispatch to-day, viz:

I have information, deemed reliable, that an advance of 10,000 will be made on Jackson from Corinth, and that Lauman's DIVISION was to move on Vicksburg yesterday from Memphis, leaving this place almost destitute of troops.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

EDWARDS DEPOT, May 12, 1863-1 a. m.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

General Gregg's command reached Raymond 5 p. m., yesterday. I was in the act of moving with the cavalry to strike the enemy's line below Cayuga when I ascertained he was in force at Auburn, and making particular inquiries regarding force and defenses at Edwards. I shall take position to-night to check his advance in this direction or toward Raymond. Have burned the bridges in his front over Fourteen-Mile Creek.

WIRT ADAMS,

Colonel, Commanding.

FOURTEEN-MILE CREEK,

Via Edwards Depot, May 12, 1863-11 a. m.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

My commission is dated 15th October, 1861. The cavalry force has about 800. Have just driven back the enemy near Dillon's, at crossing of Fourteen-Mile Creek.

WIRT ADAMS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Vicksburg, May 12, 1863.

Brigadier General John S. BOWEN, Bovina:

General Gregg reports that he has not over 100 cavalry. His advance must be covered by sufficient cavalry from your command that he may

