
Vicksburg, May 12, 1863.

Major General W. W. LORING, Bovina:

General Bowen will advance his command to Edwards Depot, and hold that position at least for the present, and it may be permanently. You will occupy the intrenchments vacated by General Bowen until your men are rested. I will come out to Bovina to-night.

J. C. PEMBERTON.
HEADQUARTERS LORING'S DIVISION, Whittaker's, May 12, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Captain Russell, one of the captains of my command, and one of the best in it, was sent by me to learn the enemy's movements; returned last night by the way of General Bowen, and gave him information, which he telegraphed to you upon its receipt. He reports that the enemy's cavalry are on all the roads leading from the Southern College toward Edwards Depot and Raymond, and had advanced 5 to 8 miles yesterday from Southern College in the direction of those two points. His cavalry also occupies the road from Baldwin's Ferry to Auburn, and had also advanced from Utica toward Raymond, and were encamped at 3 p. m. yesterday at Roach's, 5 miles above Utica. Colonel [E.] Gates, of Bowen's command, was then skirmishing with their cavalry at Fourteen-Mile Creek, on the Grand Gulf road, 4 miles from Edwards Depot, and had driven him 3 miles. Four miles above Cayuga, their infantry and cavalry camps were at Five-Mile Creek. All these roads lead to Edwards Depot and Raymond. Marauders are busily engaged in the immediate rear of the enemy, pressing negroes, horses, mules, and provisions.

I have the honor to be, &c.,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

[P. S.]- I send you a communication [11th], received toward daylight, from General Tilghman, about the enemy's movements at Baldwin's Ferry.
HEADQUARTERS LORING'S DIVISION, One Mile from Whittaker's, May 12, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON,Comdg., &c., Vicksburg:

Featherston's brigade is now on the march, with the instructions you gave me-to move rapidly. I shall urge forward in haste Buford's brigade, which is also on the march, and get them to Bowen as rapidly as possible.

W. W. LORING.

BOVINA, May 12, 1863-7. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Two brigades of my command are arriving here now.

W. W. LORING.

