
Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

If you do not come down this evening, please telegraph if you think it best to go out and secure position, with view to attack enemy in morning. Do not know their numbers.

W. W. LORING.

BROOKHAVEN, May 12, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

General Maxey and command are at this place.

S. A. MATTHEWS,

Lieutenant, Commanding Post.

Vicksburg, May 12, 1863.

Major MIMS,

Chief Quartermaster, Jackson:

If Gregg is not compelled, to fall to Jackson, Maxey may move from Gallatin to Raymond, but, if Gregg is compelled to fall back to Jackson, Maxey must come to Jackson.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JACKSON, May 12, 1863.

General PEMBERTON:

Courier just from Raymond talked with General [J.] Gregg on the battle-field. Our troops falling back before greatly superior numbers. Brigadier-General Walker within 4 miles of Gregg, with 1,000 [men]. Gregg requested courier to see me instantly on arrival at Jackson, and request that I telegraph you for re-enforcements.

JOHN J. PETTUS.
HEADQUARTERS, near R. Gibson's, May 12, 1863-7 a. m.

Major MEMMINGER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Vicksburg:

MAJOR: Your instructions of last night at 11 o'clock I have just received. Those referred to as having been sent through General Loring have not been received. I relieved General Buford's brigade on Hall's Ferry road last night. The removal of his [the enemy's] pickets from the only route where there is now a crossing, I believe is intended to deceive us. I reported last night to the lieutenant-general that they had been withdrawn from Hankinson's.

In keeping my left constantly in close proximity to General Loring, in the event that he should go to the railroad or bridge, shall I withdraw any force from near Warrenton, or leave open this portion of the line-Hankinson's and Hamer's Ferry road? The whole cannot be occupied and a sufficient force moved to be of material assistance to General Loring. Am making every effort to get information of the movements of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

[P. S.]-Have just received the inclosed note from General Loring. Will move at once one brigade toward Baldwin's road.

