
the channel of the timber in it, and let the water in to what it will do. I will send orders to have Denver's DIVISION stop at Moon Lake and go in by the same route. This will give you five DIVISIONS to operate with, which, with the gunboats, I hope will enable you to carry out one end of the proposed programme.

Send all boats you may have at Lake Providence under 180 feet in length to Quinby.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT.

BETHEL, March 5, 1863.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Jackson:

There is some rebel cavalry at Savannah, said to be 600. They are collecting all the flats and boats they can get hold of at that place. I have men on this side watching them.

W. W. SANFORD,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, THIRTEENTH DIVISION,Steamer Lebanon Number 2, March 6, 1863.

Brigadier-General ROSS,

Commanding DIVISION Army, Yazoo Expedition:

GENERAL: I am pained to witness the pillaging, plundering, and irregular foraging on the part of some of the commands of this expedition. This morning at 9 o'clock we came up with the Ida May, the men from which steamer were on shore shooting cattle, and many of them rushing pell-mell through and around the house on the plantation, catching chickens, turkeys, geese, pigs, &amp;c. The women at the house were greatly frightened, and fearful that they were to be slaughtered. I have up to this day fully restrained my men within the bounds of propriety discover men from the steamers of the other brigades on shore capturing the delicacies of poultry-yards and pantries.

I hand you herewith an order I have just issued,* and, with the grace of God sustaining me, I will enforce it if I have to shoot men both in and out of shoulder-straps. We cannot make good soldiers of thieves and robbers, neither can we except success to follow us if we thus outrage every principle of truth and justice. I am ashamed when I see our good cause thus prejudiced.

I fully believe in taking from the enemy whatever he may have that we, as an army, need, or if what is left with him would strengthen the rebels, but I would have it done "decently and in order," and according to orders. I know your views on this question, and will aid you to the utmost of my ability in putting down the pillaging.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK.

LA GRANGE, March 6, 1863.

General HURLBUT:

Nothing further of Van Dorn's crossing. Roddey is in Tuscumbia with cavalry and one regiment of infantry, having recrossed since Cornyn's

