
JACKSON, May 13, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Following is dispatch from General Maxey:

BROOKHAVEN, May 13-1 a. m.

Arrived last evening, and will commence shipping at daylight this morning, with the only engine here. Everything will be pushed through as rapidly as possible.

S. B. MAXEY.

There are but ten cars below the break in the railroad for Maxey to move with.

JOHN ADAMS.

BOLTON DEPOT, May 13, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

After checking a column or the enemy yesterday, for 4 miles at Dillon's, I marching by General Gregg's order to Raymond, and fell in his rear. In withdrawing, marched from Mississippi Springs this morning at 3 a. m., and am now equidistant from Raymond to Clinton and Bolton, to protect the railroad. Colonel Thompson's command remains with General Gregg. The enemy encamped 1 mile east of Raymond. No movement yet reported.

WIRT ADAMS,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.
HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Bovina, May 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General BUFORD:

You will move forward at once by the railroad, and take position so as to guard General Bowen's right. Two batteries of artillery will be left with General [J. C.] Vaughn in the trenches until they are relieved by the arrival of General Stevenson's artillery.

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

J. THOMPSON,Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DISTRICT, DEPARTMENT Mississippi AND EASTERN LOUISIANA, Vicksburg, May 13, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Comdg. Department Mississippi and Eastern Louisiana:

GENERAL: I have just telegraphed you in reply that I had no information from the ferries. I do not know the disposition of the troops left on the line nor the orders given them. In the absence of yourself and General Stevenson, I directed General [J. C.] Moore as follows, viz, to hold his main body on the upper line, that is, on Smeede's Hill and Fort Reynolds, and to send one regiment, with the light pieces to be sent him from Sengstak's battery, to picket as far down toward Allen's Ferry as would be safe from a sudden attack from Warrenton. This regiment to look in the direction of Red Bone Church, Allen's Ferry, and the Henderson Landing. Also another regiment to be placed near General Lee's old [recent?] headquarters [G. Gibson's]. I also directed him to keep a watch on Brown &amp; Johnston's, and toward the city, as there are no troops between here and that place.

