
The battery that was taken out of Warrenton and placed on the hills was removed, leaving Moore only one battery, and it of heavy pieces. I therefore sent him Sengstak's battery, the two light pieces of which were intended to act with his advance pickets. The other section, one heavy and one Light, but without a full complement of horses, is at the position selected by Major Lockett, just below the Marine Hospital. I made these dispositions fearing that the enemy might make a sudden dash across to Warrenton and cut off his pickets, and also to concentrate as much as possible toward town.

Four transports came down to-day troops to Young's Point. Five regiments and a battery of artillery have marched from that point by Brown &amp; Johnston's. Drums were heard beating opposite Warrenton this morning. A gunboat came up to Brown & Johnston's this afternoon, and, after taking on about a regiment, started below. The signals not working, I have not yet heard from General Moore. What became of it? Wagon trains continue to pass back and forth. Some were seen below Warrenton.

I telegraphed to General Stevenson and to you to know the disposition and order of troops on the line. Please send me the information.

The pontoon bridge will soon be ready, with the exception of rope. I have sent a courier to-day to Major Lockett to see if we could get some from the steamboats now about the bridge.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. H. FORNEY.

BOVINA, May 13, 1863.

Major-General FORNEY, Vicksburg:

GENERAL: Your communication of to-day received. The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you arrange to be able to concentrate all your troops, if necessary, within the defenses of Vicksburg, and that without the loss of any artillery. Any material for the pontoon bridges that can be had from the boats here will be sent to you. Get what you can from Snyder's Mill.

The following telegram sent you to-day:

The approaches from Hankinson's Ferry and Warrenton are guarded by Moore's brigade; from Hall's Ferry by Baldwin's Ferry by Tilghman's; and Waul's Legion is in reserve at some point, of which I will further inform you.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. TAYLOR,

Aide-de-Camp.

BIG BLACK BRIDGE, May 13, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, Tullahoma:

General Forney reports from Vicksburg this morning four transports loaded with troops arrived at Young's Point this morning. Two regiments and a battery passed down by Brown and Johnston's. Wagon trains continue to pass back and forth. My re-enforcements will be very small, and arrive very slowly. If possible, Port Hudson should also be re-enforced. I have been forced to draw largely from there. I have no major-general to command brigades arriving in Jackson. I am in position with eight brigades near Edwards Depot.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

