
EDWARDS DEPOT, May 13, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Information received that there is a force of 10,000 just this side of Fourteen-Mile Creek. Another force is at Montgomery's Bridge, though I do not think it is so large as the other. Am also informed that General Osterhaus' negro horse, and dinner were captured this evening. This is so. The negro says the general told him to cook his dinner and bring it on to Edwards Depot, and he was doing so when captured.

W. W. LORING.
HDQRS. LORING'S DIV., Edwards Depot, May 13, 1863-7 p. m.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Bovina:

The enemy were at a point 4 1/2 miles beyond Edwards Depot, on the road to Raymond, just beyond the creek, this afternoon. A negro man who came from the other side the creek says he saw a column of men marching on toward Raymond. Did not know how many, but counted twenty flags.

W. W. LORING.

HDQRS. LORING'S DIV., Edwards Depot, May 13, 1863-8 p. m.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Big Black Bridge:

From every source, both black and white, I learn that the enemy are marching on Jackson. I think there can be no doubt of this.

W. W. LORING.

MERIDIAN, MISS., May 13, 1863.

Colonel L. J. FLEMING,Supt. Mobile and Ohio Railroad, Mobile, Ala.:

The Government is sending large re-enforcements of troops to Mississippi by the Mobile and Ohio and Mississippi and Alabama Railroads. During their transportation these roads can do nothing else. The Southern Railroad cannot meet the demand if troops arrive by these two roads. Public necessity, in this emergency, requires the use of rolling-stock from your road, and I have, therefore, to request that you will furnish what may be necessary for this purpose. It will only be required for a short time.

J. E. Johnston.

MERIDIAN, MISS., May 13, 1863.

Honorable MILTON BROWN, Prest. Mobile and Ohio Railroad, Mobile, Ala.:

The Southern Railroad has not sufficient stock to transport troops from this point to Vicksburg as fast as they arrive here. I appeal to you as a patriot to lend the Southern Railroad as many engines and cars as are required for the above object. It is of the utmost importance to the country.

J. E. Johnston.

PANOLA, MISS., May 13, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Vicksburg:

The enemy are reported advancing from Senatobia. I am too unwell to go up, but send the command at once.

JAMES R. CHALMERS.

