
PANOLA, MISS., May 13, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Bovina, MISS.:

The following note from Colonel Edmondson just received:

COLDWATER, May 13, 1863-10 p. m.

General CHALMERS:

Dispatch from Colonel Falkner, just received, states the Yankees, 2,000 strong, all mounted, have gone south Buck Snort, on the Oxford road. He also states another force, 3,000 strong, advancing south somewhere east of Buck Snort. The force on the Oxford road have four pieces of artillery. My scouts will report in a few hours. I will keep you advised.

A. C. EDMONDSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

JAMES R. CHALMERS.

PANOLA, MISS., May 13, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Bovina, MISS.:

Lauman's DIVISION left Memphis Saturday for Vicksburg. Telegraph operator at Senatobia captured this morning.

JAMES R. CHALMERS.
HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Edwards Depot, May 14, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston:

GENERAL: I shall move as early to-morrow morning as practicable with a column of 17,000 men to Dillon's, situated on the main road leading from Raymond to Port Gibson, 7 1/2 miles below Raymond and 9 1/2 miles from Edwards Depot. The object is to cut enemy's communications and to force him to attack me, as I do not consider my force sufficient to justify an attack on enemy in position or to attempt to cut my way to Jackson.

At this point your nearest communication would be through Raymond. I wish very much I could join my re-enforcements. Whether it will be most practicable for the re-enforcements to come by Raymond, leaving it to the right if the march cannot be made through Raymond, or to move them WEST along the line of the railroad, but leaving it to the left, south of the line of march to Bolton Depot or some point WEST of it; in either movement I should be advised as to time and road, so that co-operation may be had to enable the re-enforcements to come through.

I send you a map of the country,* which will furnish you with a correct view of the roads and different localities.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. C. PEMBERTON.

[Indorsement.]

CANTON, May 24, 1863.

The within dispatch was sent in answer to one from Lieutenant-General Pemberton, in which he says that he would move early on the 15th instant to a place called Dillon's.

A. P. MASON.

Your dispatch just received. Our being compelled to evacuate Jackson renders your plan impracticable. Therefore, move in the direction of Clinton, and communicate with me, that I may unite with you with about 6,000 troops.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

