
raid. Captain G. E. Spencer broke up a gang of conscripts at Eastport a few days since. Scouts from Montgomery, Selma, and Meridian. Two large iron-clads building at Montgomery, two iron-clads launched at Selma, February 1, and two more building, designed for Tombigbee and Alabama Rivers. Confederate officer, who was under charge of treason, escaped from Atlanta and came in with Cornyn, along [with] Union officers in prison there. General Willich, Colonel Williams, Lieutenant-Colonel Stewart, Lieutenant-Colonel Shanklin, Lieutenant-Colonel Dunn, and Majors Warren and Buckner are at Mobile. Five iron-clads, two wooden gunboats, and two building in Mobile Harbor, and three iron-clads and two floating batteries in Charleston Harbor. In Yazoo River one very powerful iron-clad, not complete. Cavalry from Alabama, Georgia, and elsewhere have joined Van Dorn, swelling cavalry force to 25,000 men in Johnston's department.

C. S. HAMILTON,

Major-General.

(Same, Hurlbut to Halleck.)
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., March 6, 1863.

Major-General HAMILTON,

La Grange, Tenn.:

I wish Denver's DIVISION moved down the railroad from La Grange to Germantown, relieving the Fourth DIVISION, which will occupy the road from Germantown, and also around Memphis. Bethel should be attached to Corinth, and garrisoned from that point; the regiments of Sullivan's command at Bethel brought to Jackson, and garrison La Grange from Sullivan's force and the detached regiments at Grand Junction. John E. Smith's DIVISION under orders to go below. You can, if you think it advisable, bring a battery from Corinth to La Grange. I wish this movement made to-morrow. Answer if it can be done, so that I may issue orders to the Fourth DIVISION to be ready as fast as relieved. Has Grierson started to-day?

S. A. HURLBUT.

MEMPHIS, TENN., March 6, 1863.

Brigadier-General LAUMAN,

Moscow:

You will hold your DIVISION in readiness to move as soon as relieved by Denver. One brigade will cover the road from Germantown to the city; the others will be placed on the right left of the railroad to cover the city. You will come, or send in, and communicate with General Veatch as to location of camps. You will be ready to move to-morrow morning, if relieved.

S. A. HURLBUT.

LA GRANGE, March 6, 1863.

General HURLBUT:

There is but one detached regiment at Grand Junction. Denver's DIVISION will commence movement to-morrow. Dodge will relieve the garrison at Bethel, but Sullivan's forces ought not to be diminished while there is danger from Van Dorn. Denver's DIVISION cannot reach to

