
CANTON ROAD,

Ten miles from Jackson, May 15, 1863-8. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Your dispatch of yesterday just received. Our being compelled to leave Jackson makes your plan impracticable. The only mode by which we can unite is by your moving directly to Clinton, informing me, that we may move to that point with about 6,000. I have no means of estimating the enemy's force at Jackson. The principal officers here differ very widely. I fear he will fortify if time is left him. Let me hear from you immediately. General Maxey was ordered back to Brookhaven. You probably have time to make him join you. Do so before he has time to move away.

Most respectfully,

J. E. Johnston.
HDQRS. BOWEN'S DIVISION, May 15, 1863-10 p. m.

Major-General LORING,Commanding DIVISION:

GENERAL: I have bivouacked in line of battle on your left, one brigade fronting east, one southeast, in rear of creek. My artillery is parked in rear of DIVISION.

Very respectfully,

JNO. S. BOWEN.

Vicksburg, May 15, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Have just succeeded in getting on reserve artillery ammunition, which will leave to-night. One hundred thousand rounds infantry ammunition, reliable, will be placed on cars to-night, and ready to be forwarded to-morrow; the ordnance officer thinks from the invoices that there will not be more than 500,000 rounds left in depot. Three hundred and seventy-nine thousand issued in the last week. Will give you correct report by 10 a. m. to-morrow. There will be at least 200,000 rounds more ready to be shipped to-morrow.

JNO. H. FORNEY.

EDWARDS DEPOT, May 15, 1863.

Major-General FORNEY, Vicksburg:

This army is about to move. Send immediately to Edwards Depot at least thirty wagons, and more, if possible, for reserve ammunition train. Send immediately the cars ordered to be loaded with ammunition for field artillery to Edwards, and let the wagons come empty to Edwards Depot as rapidly as possible, and take on ammunition here. This is all-important. I shall take from General Vaughn twenty wagons, if he has them, to be replaced by part of wagons sent from Vicksburg.

J. C. PEMBERTON.
HEADQUARTERS, Edwards Depot, May 15, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Two of my scouts have just returned, and you may rely upon their report. Yesterday and the day before they counted the

