
enemy as he passed two points, one on the road to Dillon's, the other above Dillon's, on the main road to Raymond-the Raymond and Port Gibson road. The first reports twenty-seven flags, the last twenty-five. This is the force which was in our front. It has evidently moved to Raymond, probably leaving two regiments at or about Dillon's; of this I feel convinced. We have a report which seems reliable that the enemy are moving away from Baldwin's Ferry toward Raymond. Mr. Montgomery, who lives at the bridge of that name, and who has been a prisoner with the enemy, left them day before yesterday; says he saw Smith's DIVISION moving in the direction of Baldwin's Ferry, on the Montgomery road. It is the opinion of Mr. Montgomery that the DIVISION is not at or near Baldwin's Ferry, unless they marched it back yesterday; he saw it, as stated, the day before, going toward Raymond, 9 miles in advance of Baldwin's Ferry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING.
HDQRS. LORING'S DIVISION, Edwards Depot, May 15, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I purpose marching in the following order, which will enable us to move into line of battle as follows: [L.] Tilghman's brigade on the right; Culbertson's battery, two 6-pounders, one 12-pounder howitzer, one 3-inch rifle. [A.] Buford's brigade, center; Bouanchaud's battery, four 6-pounders, two 12-pounder howitzers, two 3-inch rifles; Cowan's reserve battery, four 6-pounders, two 12-pounder howitzers. Featherston's brigade, left; Wofford's battery, two 6-pounders, two 12-pounder howitzers. I expect to keep the reserve battery in rear of General Buford, and to hold [T. M.] Scott's regiment also in reserve.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING.
HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Edwards Depot, May 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General VAUGHN, Big Black:

The troops are about to move from this depot, and you will send up one regiment to act as an advance guard at Edwards Depot. Advise General Baldwin that this regiment has been sent, and also of the movement of the army.

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

J. THOMPSON,Assistant Inspector-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Forest Station, May 15, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston:

GENERAL: Being under orders from General Beauregard to report to General Pemberton at Jackson, MISS., I reached Brandon yesterday afternoon, with trains containing five companies of Forty-sixth Georgia Volunteers, eight companies of Twenty-NINTH Georgia Volunteers, and the SIXTEENTH South Carolina Volunteers. At Brandon, I received a dispatch from Brigadier-General Adams to proceed cautiously to Jackson. After leaving Brandon some 4 miles, I met a train from near Jackson, with Captain [T. B.] Ferguson's battery, and the telegraph

