
Hearing that a large cavalry force of the enemy were in pursuit of our wagon train, I sent one-half my command, under Major [W. A.] Rorer, to protect it.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WIRT ADAMS.

Vicksburg, May 16, 1863.

General PEMBERTON, Bovina:

Your dispatch received. President of railroad telegraphed to Bovina to send back an engine from there to Edwards. Did it arrive? There is but one engine here, I am informed.

JNO. H. FORNEY.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH MILITARY DISTRICT, DEPT. OF MISS. AND EASTERN La., Cockrum's Cross-Roads, Number -. May 16, 1863.

I. Colonel [W. F.] Slemons, with his brigade, will take position at Senatobia; Lieutenant-Colonel [L.] Willis, with Colonel [R.] McCulloch's brigade, at Temperance Hill, near Luxahoma. Different companies, going in rotation, will be kept on scout-one in the direction of Memphis, one in direction of LA Grange, one in direction of Quinn's Mills, and one in direction of Byhalia. At present, Captain [R. R.] White, of Colonel [W. C.] Falkner's regiment, will scout toward LA Grange, Captain [John T.] Lawler, of Stocks' regiment, in direction of Quinn's Mills, Captain [T. P.] Manning, of [G. L.] Blythe's regiment, in direction of Memphis, and Captain [W. H.] Couzens, of SECOND Missouri Regiment, in direction of Byhalia. They will notify each other and the brigade commander of any approach of the enemy, and in any advance they will watch all the movements of the advancing column, count its numbers, and fire into it as often as possible. They will have no permanent place of encampment, but will move about in the neighborhood of the place assigned for their scout. The captains will draw forage and commissary funds for FIFTEEN days, and give bills of purchase and forage and provision returns receipted, and whenever any advance of the enemy is made, all the companies, excepting the one watching the movements of the enemy, will come in to the command, wherever it may be.

II. One squadron from Colonel Blythe's regiment and one from Colonel Falkner's will be kept at Panola for FIFTEEN days at a time, and will be instructed in tactics and camp and guard duty.

III. Colonel Stocks is announced as inspector of cavalry temporarily, and will assume command of the post at Panola.

IV. Lieutenant Colonel W. W. Faulkner for the time being is attached to Colonel Slemons' brigade, but will remain at Cockrum's Cross-Roads, and scout as usual.

V. The brigade commanders will send one officer and a detail of men from each regiment to press horses, and will also instruct the captains commanding the scouting parties to do same thing. The horses will be receipted for by the officer pressing them, and will be valued by a party selected by the officer making the impressment and one selected by the owner. In case of a disagreement, the two selected will themselves select a THIRD party, and the valuation of a majority of these will be accepted and receipted for. All led horses will be sent to the quartermaster

