
Germantown with safety to road, and ought not to go beyond La Fayette until Sullivan's forces are brought down. Grierson has not started. Please advise me if you still require Denver to reach to Germantown.

C. S. HAMILTON.

COLUMBUS, March 6, 1863.

General SULLIVAN,

Jackson:

I will defend the Obion Bridge and co-operate with you to the full extent of my command. Will go down to-morrow myself and make proper arrangements. Have no additional information, but except reliable to-morrow. The transfer of the three forts on the Tennessee and Cumberland Rivers to another department was a hard blow for both of our districts. As it is, I have no cavalry at my disposal.

ASBOTH.

BETHEL, March 6, 1863.

Brigadier General J. C. SULLIVAN,

Jackson:

My men crossed the river last night and destroyed the boats that had been collected at Savannah. No troops can cross from there now unless they get more boats.

W. W. SANFORD,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

UNITED STATES Mississippi SQUADRON,

Yazoo River, March 7, 1863-10 p. m. (Received March 12.)

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

We know pretty positively that the Indianola was too much damaged to be used offensively at once, but they might in the course of a month be able to operate against the fleet below. Any vessels with a ram could easily destroy her if she is not already blown up. She is a weak vessel. If she exists, I hope to have her before a month is over.

DAVID D. PORTER.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Number 10. near Vicksburg, March 7, 1863.

Our camps being threatened with overflow, preparations must be made to meet such an event. The only safe ground will be the levee in front of our camps till the troops can be embarked.

The water will enter the swamps to the rear of our camps, and will fill up, slowly advancing up the ditches and over the fields, until the level of the water inside is about 18 inches below the level of the water outside.

To the SECOND DIVISION (General Stuart) is assigned all the levee below the point where the Magnolia lies. To the First DIVISION (General Steele) all the levee above that point.

General McClernand's corps (the Thirteenth) has been ordered by General Grant to move up to Milliken's Bend. This will give us two points to embark, viz, in the slough near General McClernand's headquarters, and the present landing where the Magnolia lies.

General Steele's troops will use the former and General Stuart's the latter for embarkation of men and property when boats are assigned.

