
Vicksburg, May 18, 1863.

Major General W. W. LORING,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that if you are not able to cross the Big Black to come to this point, you will endeavor to join General Johnston. The lieutenant-general also directs that you will communicate with him [General Pemberton] by the first opportunity.

I am, general, very respectfully,

H. C. TUPPER,

Aide-de-Camp.

Vicksburg, MISS., May 18, 1863.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

MAJOR: I have the honor to state that the troops of my DIVISION will be withdrawn from the exterior to the interior line between 3 and 3,30 a. m. I have arranged to remove all the artillery except the two 24-pounder siege guns, which it is understood Captain Lockett will move.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH.

Vicksburg, May 18, 1863.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Vicksburg:

MAJOR: The rear of my command left the bridge at 1 o'clock this morning. At that time the enemy were constructing a bridge of trestle-work, taken from the railroad bridge, across at the old ferry. About 150 of our cavalry have just come in from the Hall's Ferry road. I give this for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding, and request that all the cavalry in town be ordered on the road in front.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON.

NEAR VERNON, MISS., May 18, 1863.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS:

General Johnston directs that hereafter you will make your reports directly to him, sending them via Canton.

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Inspector-General.

Vicksburg, May 19, 1863.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS, Richmond:

Against my own judgment, but by instructions from superior authority, sustained by the unanimous voice of my general officers, I felt myself compelled to advance my position beyond Edwards Depot, and to offer or accept battle according to circumstances. The enemy attacked me in very great force about 7 a. m. on 16th. My position was a good one, but numbers prevailed; at 5 p. m. we were forced to retire. General Loring's DIVISION, which covered the retreat across Baker's Creek, failed to rejoin me, but will probably form a junction with General Johnston. We were again driven from and intrenched line at east and south head of Big Black Bridge, on morning of 17th; we lost a large amount

