
of artillery. The army was much demoralized; many regiments behaved badly. We are occupying the trenches around Vicksburg; the enemy is investing it, and will probably attempt an assault. Our men have considerably recovered their morale, but unless a large force is sent at once to relieve it, Vicksburg must before long fall. I have used every effort to prevent all this, but in vain.

J. C. PEMBERTON.
HEADQUARTERS, May 19, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Can you not get rid of your teams? It would be better to kill them than feed them. I am trying to gather a force which may attempt to relieve you. Hold out. I have just heard from Loring at Crystal Springs.

J. E. Johnston.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, ARMY OF Mississippi, Vicksburg, May 19, 1863.

General PEMBERTON:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the SECOND Brigade of this DIVISION, General Green's, is near the railroad, ready to re-enforce General Forney, if required; it has not been engaged to-day.

The First Brigade, Colonel Cockrell's, has been in the trenches all day, excepting one regiment in reserve along with General Smith's DIVISION. They have been engaged most of the time, and assisted in repelling the assault on the left, which must have been very disastrous to the enemy. If the accounts I hear are correct, they still occupy their positions in the trenches. Do you desire any change to be made for to-morrow?

I shall be near the First Brigade to-morrow until about 10 o'clock; then shall return to this place in case nothing occurs to prevent it. My headquarters are about midway between the railroad and the Jackson road, in the valley between Mr. Youst's and Mrs. Hughes' houses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. S. BOWEN.

HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Vicksburg, May 19, 1863.

Brigadier-General BOWEN:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding has information from Major-General Forney that a large force of the enemy are moving down the Baldwin's Ferry road, leaving the road at Ferguson's, about a mile from the intrenchments. You will hold your command in readiness to re-enforce immediately that point or any other threatened.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. STAFFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, May 19, 1863.

General PEMBERTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: A column of infantry coming down Baldwin's Ferry road is now moving down toward our right, leaving the main Baldwin road

