
command in readiness, leaving only a strong force to guard the road, to move to the point specified or any other threatened. If at any time you have direct information previous to receiving instructions from him of any point threatened, you will move your command to re-enforce that point at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. STAFFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, STEVENSON'S DIV., May 19, 1863.

Major MEMMINGER,Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

[J. J. REEVE:]

MAJOR: I have the honor to state that I have one regiment in reserve, numbering 250 men.

Yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE.

P. S. -The enemy seems to be massing opposite my center and right, judging from the noise.

The movements of the enemy seemed to me this evening to indicate an attack upon my line. I have no reserve brigade. If the lieutenant-general wishes me still to move my reserve regiments, please request him to inform me. If so, shall I move them each a mile from their present positions to the left, or shall I concentrate them in a body 1 mile to the left of my line?

Your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON.
HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Vicksburg, May 19, 1863.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON,Commanding, &amp;c., Vicksburg:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say to you that he has reason to believe that there will be a heavy assault on the left of the lines to-morrow morning. He directs that you remove your reserve brigade or regiment a mile in that direction by daylight in the morning, but placed in such a position as to be ready to re-enforce either General Smith's position or your own.

Respectfully, &c.,

F. M. STAFFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Vicksburg, May 19, 1863.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON,Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: It is with pleasure I announce to you and your command the complete failure of the enemy in his various assaults on our works to-day. It is with pride I refer to the admirable conduct of the men in the trenches, on account of which our loss is comparatively nothing, while that of the enemy is very large. They have been forced to abandon three stand of colors on the field of battle. I trust and believe that your command will emulate the glorious example of their comrades.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON.

