
to fall back to Vicksburg and abandon Haynes' Bluff. He is now invested. His loss in field artillery was very great: hence the necessity of bringing all you have.

Your obedient servant,

J. E. Johnston.

CAMP, near Vernon, MISS., May 19, 1863.

Brigadier-General GIST:

GENERAL: We are moving from this point toward Canton, which is distant some 15 miles. Take, from Jackson, the road to Canton, which lies on the WEST of the railroad. Major [J. M.] Smylie, commanding officer at Jackson, can direct you. We shall encamp this evening 5 or 6 miles WEST of Canton, and shall not move far to-morrow, so that you will have no difficulty in learning our position.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. Johnston.

YAZOO CITY, MISS., May 19, 1863-11 p. m.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston,

Commander-in-Chief, Headquarters near Moore's Ferry:

GENERAL: At Liverpool, which is 25 miles below this point by the river, I learned two hours ago that the enemy's gunboats were at the mouth of Big Sunflower River at sunset. This point is 18 miles farther down than Liverpool. The report was made to me by cavalry scouts, and I consider that there is no doubt of the fact. The smoke of the boats was seen from the hills at Liverpool. It is also reported that a body of the enemy's cavalry are advancing up the Yazoo Valley, but this is not so well established as the fact regarding the gunboats. These last will be at Yazoo City perhaps by noon to-morrow or twelve hours from now. I shall get the boats out of the way, and do all that I can under this unpleasant condition of things. I was on my way down the river on a steamer, to set at rest the question with us "as to whether Snyder's Bluff had been abandoned by us," when I learned of the advance of the enemy, here reported.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

ISAAC N. BROWN,

Commander, C. S. Navy.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH MILITARY DISTRICT, Panola, MISS., May 19, 1863.

Major A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

MAJOR: I desire to ask the attention of the general to the condition of things in this district. It is the most productive portion of Mississippi for supplies, and has now one of the finest wheat crops that I ever saw, and the Federals have openly declared that we shall not harvest it. The force I have is wholly inadequate to its protection, both from the number and character of the troops. I have about 1,200 effective men, and half of them are partisans, who know nothing of tactics and organized movements, and the other half is composed of cavalry

57 R R-VOL. XXIV, PT. III

