HDQRS. FIFTH MIL. DIST., DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Senatobia, May 19, 1863.

Colonel R. McCULLOCH,Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: I have just received a note from the general commanding, from Panola, in which he says:

Henderson's scouts report that three columns of Yankees are to start from White's Station, Germantown, and Collierville, on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, and that 500 horses were sent to Collierville on yesterday [17th]. It is supposed that they will concentrate at Cockrum's Cross-Roads.

He directs that you assume command in his absence, and he desires that you should send forward three or four companies to watch the enemy's movements and to ambush and harass them if they should come. You will make a stand on Hickahaly Creek, at whatever point they may attempt to cross. If compelled to retreat, you will do so, fighting whenever you can obtain a good position, and will turn Blythe loose on their flanks to guerrilla them.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF Mississippi AND EASTERN LOUISIANA, Vicksburg, May 20, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston,Commanding, &amp;c.:

The enemy assaulted our intrenched lines yesterday at two points, center and left, and was repulsed with heavy loss. Our loss small. I cannot estimate the enemy's force now engaged around Vicksburg at less than 60,000. It is probably more. At this hour, 8. 30 a. m., he is briskly cannonading with long-range guns. That we may save ammunition, his fire is rarely returned. At present our main necessity is musket caps. Can you send them to me by hands of couriers or citizens? An army will be necessary to relieve Vicksburg, and that quickly. Will it not be sent? Please let me hear from you, if possible.

Very respectfully,

J. C. PEMBERTON.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF Mississippi AND EASTERN LOUISIANA, Vicksburg, May 20, 1863.

General BOWEN,Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to order you to hold you reserve in readiness to move at a moment's notice, either to the center or left, as occasion may require.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. MORRISON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF Mississippi AND EASTERN LOUISIANA, Vicksburg, May 20, 1863.

Major-General FORNEY,Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to order you to move Waul's Legion at once to a position immediately on General Smith's right, to support him in case of an overwhelming assault.

