
General Smith has been ordered not to place them in the trenches unless absolutely necessary. You can strengthen the position from which the Legion is moved from other points, if necessary.

Respectfully,

J. H. MORRISON,

Aide-de-Camp.

STONE HOUSE, Jackson Road, May 20, 1863-10 a. m.

CHIEF OF STAFF, Pemberton's Headquarters:

Enemy has opened heavy fire of artillery on the entire front [Moore and Hebert], with heavy skirmishing. No appearance as yet of an advance. Some artillery fire and heavy skirmishing on left of Graveyard road. Our batteries on right of railroad fire occasionally. There appears to be a column of dust this side of Ferguson's, but from my position on top of this house can't locate it.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JNO. H. FORNEY.

Vicksburg, May 20, 1863.

Major-General FORNEY,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs your attention to the battery on General Hebert's front, on the right of the Harrison house, which is exposed to an enfilading fire from the enemy. He directs that traverses be made to prevent this. The guns can also be better covered by placing them in trenches than by strengthening parapets.

I am, general, very respectfully, &c.,

H. C. TUPPER,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISIONS, Stone House, May 20, 1863-12 m.

CHIEF OF STAFF,Hdqrs. Lieutenant-General Commanding:

The enemy has commenced signaling from top of Ferguson's house; same place as yesterday. General Hebert writes me:

Column of enemy's infantry moving from our right, beyond Baldwin road, toward our center or left.

This is the column alluded to in my note of this morning. The enemy's artillery now opening on our front; skirmishing increasing.

Respectfully,

JNO. H. FORNEY.

Vicksburg, May 20, 1863.

Major General John H. FORNEY,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding would put you on the alert against a night attack, and especially enjoin vigilance on that portion of your line most threatened by the enemy. Should an assault occur on General Stevenson's left, you will re-enforce the point pressed without further orders.

Most respectfully, &c.,

J. C. TAYLOR,

Aide-de-Camp.

