
Vicksburg, May 20, 1863.

Major General MARTIN L. SMITH, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that it is by no means certain that the attack will be made on you. It may be on either Stevenson or Forney. Waul's Legion has been directed to be placed on your right, but it must not be placed in the trenches unless absolutely necessary to repel an overwhelming assault.

This order is positive.

I am, general, very respectfully,

J. H. MORRISON,

Aide-de-Camp.

Vicksburg, May 20, [1863.]

Major General MARTIN L. SMITH, Commanding,&C., Left:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding would put you on the alert against a night attack, and enjoin especial vigilance on that portion of the line most threatened by the enemy. Should an assault occur in the center, you will re-enforce the point pressed without awaiting further orders.

Most respectfully, &c.,

J. C. TAYLOR,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, STEVENSON'S DIVISION,Right of Railroad, May 20, 1863-2. 25 p. m.

Commanding Officer of Troops on Left of Railroad:

The enemy are evidently preparing for an assault on your position, and on the left of my line. Be ready. He has his troops masked on or near the railroad, on both sides. Do try and sweep the front of my left work and the hollow in front, as I can't reach it from my line.

Yours, respectfully,

STEPHEN D. LEE.
HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Vicksburg, May 20, 1863.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding would put you on the alert against a night attack, and enjoin especial vigilance on that portion of the line in front of which the enemy has massed his columns. He has received your communication concerning the provision of re-enforcements for Lee's and Moore's brigades, and approves of your action. Was about writing you the subject.

Most respectfully, &c.,J. C. TAYLOR,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS LORING'S DIVISION,

Davis' House, Twelve Miles from Jackson, May 20, 1863-2 a. m.

General [S. R.] GIST, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication. I shall push this command forward as rapidly as possible in the direction you take. I was compelled to stop here to collect provision for my men, being without wagons or baggage of any kind. I need cooking utensils very much, having none at all. If you have any

