
of his reason for forbidding skirmishing, but if in your judgment you think the occasion sufficient to justify it, he has no objection. You will report the result of the skirmishing, if decided upon.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

F. M. STAFFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, May 21, 1863-10. 15 a. m.

CHIEF OF STAFF, General Pemberton's Headquarters:

Two guns on our (my) extreme right have been disabled within the last half hour. This leaves the work on right of Baldwin's Ferry road without a gun, and General [J. C.] Moore thinks it impossible to replace them under the heavy fire which is brought to bear on that portion of the line.

Respectfully,JNO. H. FORNEY.

HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Vicksburg, May 21, 1863.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON, Commanding, &c., Right:

GENERAL: The lieutenant general says that Colonel [T. N.] Waul's command was ordered to you for the protection of you river front, and that it will not be permanently diverted, unless it is replaced by other of your troops for that purpose.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. C. TAYLOR,

Aide-de-camp.

SENATOBIA, May 21, 1863.

Colonel [W. F.] SLEMONS, Commanding SECOND Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you move with your command at 6 a. m. to-morrow, via Hudson Bridge over Coldwater, to the best point on the Mississippi River, near Austin, and fire into and capture any steamboats that may attempt to pass either up or down the river. If you should capture any boats, you will burn them, and send any part of their contents that is of value to headquarters at Panola, impressing wagons for that purpose. You will remain on the river not exceeding five days, and will then return to your present position, if is safe to do so. If Colonel McCulloch has fallen back from his present position before that time, you will then return to Panola. Captain [J. F.] Kerr, with one rifled gun, will be ordered to join you at such point as you may designate on the river. He will cross Coldwater at Brown's Ferry, and you will immediately send a company to the ferry, if you have not already done so, under instructions of this morning, with instructions to guard the to the point where you may desire to meet it. If the company has already started, you will forward the proper instructions to the commander at once.

Lieutenant-Colonel [W. W.] Faulkner's Battalion Kentucky Partisans and the companies of your command now acting as scouts will be instructed to continue in their present position and duties and to report directly to Colonel McCulloch during your absence. In case of an advance by the enemy, they will join Colonel McCulloch's command. You

