
can probably obtain information as to best point on the river for your purposes from the men of Floyd's company, Blythe's regiment.

You will use every exertion to keep the object of your expedition secret. The men with whom you consult must be cautioned on this point.

If you should desire to forward any information, you will send it to Panola.

I am, colonel, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIFTH MILITARY DIST., Senatobia, May 21, 1863.

Colonel R. McCULLOCH, Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding has ordered Colonel [W. F.] Slemons to move on to-morrow morning with a part of his command to a point on the Mississippi River near Austin, where he will remain for five days, and the return to his present position, if it is safe to do so.

Lieutenant-Colonel Faulkner's Battalion Kentucky Partisans and the companies from Colonel Slemons' command, now acting as scouts, will report to you during his absence, and will join you in case of an advance by the enemy. The 6-pounder now here will remain with you. If the enemy advance upon you, you will use your best discretion as to your movements, and will send a courier to notify Colonel Slemons of the fact.

You will take charge of the telegraph office at this place, and will give the operator timely notice if it should become necessary for him to leave.

I am, colonel, &c., your obedient servant,W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CANTON, May 21, 1863.

Captain I N. BROWN, C. S. Navy, Yazoo City:

If the guns at Fort Pemberton cannot be used against the gunboats ascending the Yazoo, they should, if possible, be saved by removal out of reach of the gunboats or light-draught vessels. Could they reach Grenada in this way? You have full authority. I have sent some light guns to the neighborhood, Liverpool.

J. E. Johnston.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., May 21, 1863.

LEVI DONNELL, Esq., Mayor, Columbus, MISS.:

SIR: The papers in reference to the means of the means of defense of Columbus, MISS., have been received by the President and referred to this Department, and the subject has been carefully considered. I have the honor to state that the Department will employ all the resources it can control for the defense of the State of Mississippi, being fully aware of the importance of the measure to the general cause.

Respectfully,

J. A. SEDDON.

