
Admiral Porter reported last night that the gunboats had passed down the Yazoo nearly to Haynes' Bluff. You will take along a good supply of provisions and coal. I shall come up with Logan's DIVISION.

Very respectfully,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

MEMPHIS, TENN., March 7, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS:

Colonel Webster will have his rolling stock over to-morrow. I have issued orders to call in garrisons to Jackson and Columbus. I received this morning orders to arrest and send down under guard 25 paymasters and their funds.

Major [Edwin D.] Judd, with a corps of paymasters, started on Tuesday, with General Quinby's DIVISION, to Lake Providence, with orders to take convoy from that point below. I inclose report of senior paymaster here. * As I never received any orders as to the movements of paymasters referred to, I suggest that any orders of the kind be forwarded through these headquarters, and I will see them promptly obeyed. I have never exercised any control over this branch of the service.

Colonel Roddey, with cavalry and one regiment of infantry, are at Tuscumbia, no other troops moving within my limits. Van Dorn has threatened Donelson, and occasionally is reported about to cross the Tuscumbia, but has not done so.

It is reported by spies that a DIVISION of the enemy has gone to Yazoo City. It is probably true.

There is but little stirring here, except the ordinary routine of speculation and thieving.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT.

MEMPHIS, TENN., March 7, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

SIR: Brigadier General John E. Smith's DIVISION is about to embark for Greenville, MISS. Great delay has taken place from the necessity of moving the entire line of troops down from La Grange to this place. Lauman's DIVISION is moving in to-day. Two brigades will camp on the right and left of the railroad depot; the other covers the railroad to Germantown.

On Monday morning the railroad from Jackson to Columbus will be abandoned, and the garrisons ordered down. The most inconvenience that I apprehend from that will be the loss of telegraphic communication.

General Asboth is in constant apprehension of attack, but I think with little reason; but as he had no light artillery, I have sent him the NINTH Indiana Battery.

I propose to bring in Denver's DIVISION to cover the whole railroad when Lauman moves below.

I received the One hundred and thirty-first Regiment from below, and am preparing a regiment to go with Smith's DIVISION, to report to General McClernand. This regiment will be taken from the garrison, and will still further reduce a force insufficient now to cover the city.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

