
The lieutenant-general also desires to know if you have a carriage to spare for the 24-pounder of Captain [T. F.] Tobin's battery, to replace one that has been disabled.

As the plan of foraging mules was left to your judgment, he desires to know what arrangements have been made to that effect.

Very respectfully,

H. C. TUPPER,

Aide-de-camp.
HEADQUARTERS STEVENSON'S DIVISION, May 223, 1863.

Major MEMMINGER, Assistant Adjutant-General, Vicksburg:

MAJOR: I have examined my line carefully in person to-day, and think that the enemy moved supplies from Warrenton to the left. All seems to be quiet in my front. I am constructing a line in rear of our works on the Hall's Ferry road. There has been very little firing on my part on the line to-day.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. L. STEVENSON.

May 23, 1863.

Major MEMMINGER, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

MAJOR: I believe we are issuing to more man that we have. Will you please order that all returns shall be verified by the colones, and that an accurate report of the number of men present be sent to the chief commissary of subsistence? Colonel Waul returns for 938, 40 of whom are citizens employed in the quartermaster's department. These men could render better service in the trenches.

I respectfully suggest that all men, unless excused for disability by the surgeon or by competent authority, be ordered to duty in the trenches, and that all stragglers or absentees from that duty shall be placed in the chain-gang, to work on the fortifications.

Respectfully,

C. L. STEVENSON.

CANTON, May 23, 1863.

Major-General LORING, Jackson:

Your dispatch just received . I have ordered the guns from Fort Pemberton to Yazoo City, and we shall only want additional heavy guns to re-arm Fort Pemberton against the June rise. Are the rifle 32-pounders banded?

J. E. Johnston.

PANOLA, MISS., May 23, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, via Canton:

Yesterday 700 of the enemy advanced from Byhalia. My command at Senatobia started to meet them. FIFTEEN hundred mounted men are advancing from Holly Springs to get in our rear. The telegraph operator here received this at 9 o'clock last night, and did not report it until 9 o'clock this morning. It may cause the capture of may command. I am still unable to be on duty.

JAMES R. CHALMERS.

