HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Vicksburg, May 24, 1863.

Colonel EDWARD HIGGINS, Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to inform you that the enemy are moving from our front to our right, and to say that it is important you should hasten the mounting of the 10-inch gun at the lower batteries. The enemy may design to operate along with their gunboats.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY HOSPITAL, Vicksburg, May 24, 1863.

Major MEMMINGER:

SIR: It becomes my duty to notify Lieutenant-General Pemberton that the enemy have for three days past been shelling my hospitals, and to-day their fire is becoming very accurate. My different houses have been struck twenty-one times. I have had 6 wounded men re-wounded. Men in their condition, whose nerves are already shattered by wounds, bear this very badly, and I shall have great mortality among my amputations and serious operations. The wounds we are having are generally of a very grave character, a much larger per cent than I have ever seen after any battle, being from serious, severe, dangerous, to mortal-some 26 of the last. I do not know that you can help me in this matter, but feel it my duty to notify you of these facts.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

BENJ. D. LAY,

Surgeon of City Hospital, &c.
HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Vicksburg, May 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General MOORE, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say he approves of your using sharpshooters. The order on this subject prohibits skirmishing, not the use of sharpshooters. They are deemed very necessary for a proper defense of the lines.

R. W. MEMMINGER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. MISS AND E. La., Vicksburg, May 24, 1863.

Major General MARTIN L. SMITH, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding desires that the two circulars issued from these headquarters of the 23rd instant,* complimenting the troops, &c., if not already published to the troops, be withdrawn and returned to this office. This is owing to a misconception of the purport of the order. The whole intention of the order was other than as expressed, it not being intended as a circular for the army.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

58 R R -VOL. XXIV, PT. III

