
Vicksburg, May 24, 1863.

Major-General SMITH:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say to you that General Bowen has been ordered to withdraw his Missouri brigade. You will cover the Graveyard road by extending your own line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. STAFFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS, May 24, 1863.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

MAJOR: The enemy's dead are becoming very offensive along portions of my front, and it is respectfully suggested, in case a truce is asked to bury them, whether it may not be well to grant it, under such instructions as will prevent an examination of our works.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH.

Vicksburg, MISS., May 24, 1863.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that he is informed by General Forney that the enemy are moving from his front toward our right-infantry, artillery, and wagons. He desires you should endeavor to obtain some accurate information as to this movement.

Very respectfully.

R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, STEVENSON'S DIV., May 24, 1863.

[JOHN J. REEVE:]

MAJOR: I have just returned from the right of my line. The enemy are gradually getting nearer, ditching. I have directed the sharpshooting of my men there to be increased, having one sharpshooter every 8 or 9 yards in the rifle- pits, to fire whenever they see anything to shoot at. I hope this is not violating the spirit of General Pemberton's order about firing, for I consider it absolutely necessary to impede the progress of the enemy's work as much as possible, particularly as they are there within 200 yards of my pits. I consider this necessary not only to impede them, but I do not like to see the enemy working within such short distance of our men without an effort to stop them. Please submit this point, and if I have violated instructions, I ask for specific directions. Our not firing certainly emboldens the enemy. The enemy are evidently in force, gradually approaching nearer to me; their pits and roadway are visible nearly along my whole front, most of them being on the other side of the ravine. The firing of the enemy is relatively the same as yesterday, except this morning, when the bombardment was quite heavy. I submit to the general the point whether it would not be better to commence at once to thicken the earth on the redan and redoubt

