
on the interior, to render them more secure against their artillery, as at present they are by no means proof against it. I have had pits sunk in all of them to render the men more secure. Many of the enemy's wounded are still in my front, and seem to be suffering very much. I will endeavor to-night to collect all the ammunition in the boxes in my front, and would suggest that the same course be pursed all along the line; as quite a large amount of ammunition was obtained in this manner last night. The guns are all beautiful Enfields. Quite a number of arms could be collected all along the line to arm men who require them.

Yours, respectfully,

STEPHEN D. LEE.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS STEVENSON 'S DIVISION, May 24, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding.

C. L. STEVENSON.

Vicksburg, May 24, 1863.

Major-General C. L. STEVENSON, commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: In reply to communication of General Lee, I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that the sharpshooting referred to is not in opposition to the spirit of his order, but meets his views on the subject. Sharpshooting is necessary, but not skirmishing. It is the greatest importance that the redan be strengthened. It is thought that the best method of accomplishing this object will be by laying railroad iron, particularly in front of the guns. The iron you can procure, if necessary, by tearing up the railway. Any point of your line which you may deem to be weak you can proceed immediately to strengthen by any means in your power.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Vicksburg, May 24, 1863.

Brigadier General STEPHEN D. LEE, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say he is informed by General Forney that the enemy are moving from his front toward our right-infantry, artillery, and wagons.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, STEVENSON'S DIVISION,May 24, 1863-9. 40 p. m.

Major MEMMINGER, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

MAJOR: I have the honor acknowledge the receipt of your note of this date ; and to state in reply that I have taken steps tom ascertain any move on the part of the enemy, and am prepared for an assault. The enemy have dug pits, and are at work in front of my line this evening, although I have reason to believe that they have removed some of their guns.

I am, major, very respectfully,

STEPHEN D. LEE.

