HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Vicksburg, MISS., May 25, 1863.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON, Commanding DIVISION:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding direct [me to say] that Brigadier-General Bowen reports, upon the authority of an officer of his command, that a heavy column of troops and wagon train are moving toward your position. He directs that you send out a trusty and intelligent spy to watch and report the movement (if any) of the enemy.

I have the honor to be, general,W. h. McCARDLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, May 25, 1863.

General BRAGG, Tullahoma, Tenn.:

Why did Colonel Roddey return to Tuscumbia? Was it not a violation of his orders, which put him on duty in Mississippi? Scout report the troops at Corinth moved to Bolivar. Have any of Rosecrans' troops been detached down the Cumberland?

J. E. Johnston.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR General's OFFICE, Number 124. Richmond, Va., May 25, 1863.

* * * * * * *

XI. Brigadier General G. J. Rains is detailed for duty in connection with torpedoes and subterranean shells. He will repair without delay to Vicksburg, MISS., and report to General J. E. Johnston.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

FOUR MILES FROM CANTON, MISS., May 25, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

DEAR GENERAL: None of the troops from your department reached Jackson in time for the affair at Raymond, and only two regiments of General [W. H. T.] Walker's, [R.] Martin's battery, Twenty-fourth South Carolina Volunteers, five companies of Forty-sixth Georgia Volunteers, and Eighth Georgia Battalion Volunteers arrived in the to participate in the skirmish and evacuation of that city. I got within 6 miles, and was ordered back by General Johnston with remainder of Walker's and my own brigade. This was in consequence of want of railroad transportation between Montgomery and Jackson, a large amount of the available transportation being employed in the removal of stores of the State and Confederate States from Jackson.

The force that advanced to Jackson is estimated at about 20,000 men. The entire army of Grant did not come up, but turned toward Vicksburg, and halted until joined by the corps attacking Jackson.

The only troops engaged at Jackson were those of my brigade mentioned above, and all officers join in awarding them highest praise for soldierly and gallantry.

The Twenty-fourth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel [E.] Capers commanding, particularly distinguished themselves.

---------------

* Answer, if any, not found.

---------------

