
command to occupy it, I assumed to do my best for its protection. If the lieutenant-general desires me to take charge of it, I ask that he will give me definite instructions as to the extent of such command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON .
HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Vicksburg, May 27, 1863.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of this day's date, I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that your line will extend on the right to the river defenses, protecting the left flank of the city. General Bowen's command being a reserve corps, and liable to be removed to any point, cannot be expected to dig the trenches at every point to which it may be ordered. Colonel Cockrell's brigade has just been ordered from the right, and may again be returned at any moment. It is not expected of your command that they should do more work than any other. They have already done much work, probably more than any other command, but, at the same time, the command is a large [one], and much is required of them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. W. MEMMIMGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH MILITARY DISTRICT, Number 28. Panola, MISS., May 27, 1863.

Colonel McCulloch will assume command of the district in the absence of the brigadier-general commanding.

By command of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. H. CARROLL, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS STEVENSON'S DIVISION, May 28, 1863.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

MAJOR: Your letter of to-day, directing me to instruct General Barton not to interfere with the disposition of guns as ordered by the general commanding, and that he desires me to give my personal attention to the matter &c., I have just received. I am sure that the lieutenant-general is not aware of the fact that the engineers have neither communicated to me or to General Barton a word of the instructions referred to. I hold General Barton directly responsible to me for the right of our works, and he, of course, will receive no orders except from me or from the lieutenant-general. None such have been communicated to me, and, I believe note to General Barton. No guns which have been placed by the orders of the lieutenant-general, with the knowledge of General Barton or myself, have been interfered with, and every wish or instruction properly communicated from him will be promptly and cheerfully carried out.

I will refer your letter for the remarks of General Barton.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. L. STEVENSON.

