
MEMPHIS, TENN., March 7, 1863.

Brigadier General J. G. LAUMAN,

Moscow:

Your DIVISION must hold the road from this side of Collierville. Denver will have two regiments in Collierville. Do not move up until you are relieved. One brigade of your command can cover the road from this side of Collierville to McKee's Station, near the city. Let the FIFTH Ohio Cavalry move down with you to Germantown, and there leave them with Colonel Lee.

S. A. HURLBUT.

CROCKETT STATION, TENN., March 7, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis, Tenn.:

Making inquiry of the commanders of Forts Heiman and Henry if they would co operate with me in case Van Dorn should cross at the mouth of Duck River, I received an hour ago, at Union City, a telegram from the operator at Paducah that Forts Henry and Heiman were both abandoned and our troops gone.

If so, the whole Tennessee line, from Duck River to Heiman, as well as the Kentucky and Tennessee State line, are uncontrolled. From General Sullivan I have received a telegram, at Union City, that his troops have crossed at Savannah and destroyed all boats collected there. I do not think that the rebels intend to cross as far south as Savannah, but north of Duck River. I have no cavalry to send scouting parties there, and requested General Sullivan to do it, offering to replace his infantry here if he should consider it necessary to withdraw his forces. I beg to call your particular attention to the unexpected abandonment of Forts Heiman and Henry. It proves the necessity that they should form a part of the Department of the Tennessee. Captain Thurston's telegram in regard to trade is just received.

ASBOTH.

(Similar dispatch to Sullivan.)

BEFORE Vicksburg, March 8, 1863.

Brigadier General B. M. PRENTISS,

Comdg. Dist. Eastern Arkansas:

GENERAL: Direct the first DIVISION of troops coming from Memphis, probably the one commanded by Brigadier General John E. Smith, to pass into Moon Lake, and there await orders and transports from Major-General McPherson. They will keep with them all boats of less dimensions than 50 feet beam and 190 feet in length. All other transports they will send here.

There are also troops coming from Saint Louis. Direct them to land at Lake Providence, unless they receive other directions from these headquarters. They will retain all their large class boats, but release for the Yazoo their small ones. They will probably find at Lake Providence some of General McPherson's command awaiting transportation; but if they have gone, they will send these boats into Moon Lake to transports such troops as may be there.

Direct General C. C. Washburn to hold such a force of cavalry as you can spare-not less than 1,200 men-in readiness to obey the summons of General McPherson. General McPherson, to avoid the delay of sending through these headquarters, is directed to call directly upon for this cavalry as soon as he can use them and can send the transports.

