
II. The SECOND Brigade will encamp south of the river, opposite to Belmont; the First Brigade at the railroad bridge over Tallahatchee, and the THIRD Brigade 1 1/2 miles WEST of this place.

III. Each brigade will guard the crossings in its front, and will extend its pickets so as to form a complete line, guarding every crossing along the whole front.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH. MILITARY DISTRICT, Number 59. DEPT. Mississippi AND E. LOUISIANA, Panola, May 30, 1863.

I. Colonel Slemons, commanding brigade, will turn over to Captain W. F. Avent, chief quartermaster, all the money and stores captured from the enemy in his expedition to the Mississippi River.

* * * * * * *

VI. Brigadier-General George, Mississippi Militia, commanding at Grenada, will consolidate all the militia at that place into two companies, reserving for the command of the same a full complement of the best officers in his command. The officers left out in this consolidation, if within conscript age, will be conscripted and sent to these headquarters.

VII. As soon as he has effected the consolidation, he will transfer the command of the to the senior officer present, and will report to these headquarters for duty.

* * * * * * *

IX. Lieutenant Colonel H. C. Young will proceed to the front, near Byhalia, and take the general superintendence of the companies on scout. As far as practicable he will establish communication between the different companies, and, in case of an advance in force by the enemy, will assemble these companies, and attack them in rear and flank, and send forward frequent communications giving the strength of the enemy and the roads upon which they are advancing.

X. Colonel Young will also arrest and put into service all stragglers belonging to any cavalry command, and he is further authorized to raise a company, battalion, or regiment of partisans for Confederate service from Northern Mississippi and WEST Tennessee, provided, if he succeed in raising only accompany or battalion, it will be liable to be consolidated into a regiment with other partisan companies, and the field officers appointed by the President.

By order of Brigadier General James R. Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. TRANS-Mississippi, Shreveport, May 30, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON, Comdg., &amp;c., Vicksburg, MISS.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt to-day of your communication of April 22, from Jackson. * It would be too late now to take any steps for co-operating with you in the vicinity of Vicksburg. I have, however, anticipated your demands, and General Taylor

---------------

* See Series I, VOL. XV, p. 1049.

---------------

