
and sugar may be issued, and if you find the ration of sugar insufficient, it can be increased. Peas can be issued at the regulation allowance alternately with rice.

Respectfully,

J. C. TAYLOR,

Aide-de-Camp.

JACKSON, June 1, 1863.

General Johnston, Canton:

General Breckinridge, with his DIVISION, excepting two batteries, which are expected to-night, have arrived. DIVISION numbers about 5,200 effective; aggregate about 5,600.

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST, Number 92. Jackson, MISS., June 1, 1863.

Major General John C. Breckinridge will immediately assume command of Jackson and the surrounding country and all of the forces in its vicinity. He will establish lines of pickets on the various roads con verging to Jackson, at such distances in the direction of the enemy as the security of the forces under his command may require. With the cavalry under his command, he will direct reconnaissances in the country near the enemy's lines as he may think proper. He will furnish the commandant of the post at Jackson such guards as the safety of the public property within the town and quiet and good order may render necessary.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,

Numbers 92. Canton, MISS., June 1, 1863.

* * * * * * *

III. Captain I. N. Brown, C. S. Navy, is assigned to the command of the heavy artillery at Yazoo City and the boats in Yazoo River.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Johnston:

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Vicksburg, June 2, 1863.

Brigadier-General BOWEN, Commanding, &amp;.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to call your attention to Paragraph III, Special Orders, Numbers 146, current series, from these headquarters. The amount of Minie cartridges on hand is so small that the Minie musket the hands of our troops is utterly valueless. The practice of exchanging our own arms for those captured from the enemy must, therefore, be rigidly prohibited.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

W. H. McCARDLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

