SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FORCES IN THE FIELD, Number 1. Jackson, MISS, June 2, 1863.

All the troops now encamped on the Southern Railroad, 5 miles east of Jackson, will proceed to change their encampments to points to be designated on their arrival at this place.

Brigadier-General Helm's brigade will move first. Only ordnance stores, cooking utensils, and six tents or flies to every 70 men, with the allowance for brigade and regimental headquarters, as prescribed in General Orders, Numbers 78, from Headquarters Army of Tennessee, with the smallest quantity of personal baggage, will be removed at present. The balance will be left under a small guard until additional transportation can be furnished.

By command of Major-General Breckinridge:

JOHN A. BUCKNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIFTH MILITARY DISTRICT, Panola, June 2, 1863.

Colonel R. McCULLOCH, Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: Scouts report a probable advance of the enemy in a few days. They were at Holly Springs at 2 o'clock yesterday; force not estimated. If they should come in force, I shall order your brigade out to fight them in guerrilla style, and you must annoy them as much as possible. I shall keep a force to protect this place, and you will, therefore, not pay any attention to the place if you are pressed or if you can affect anything by getting in their rear. Fight them in any way that you can, but be careful not to make a stand in any one place long enough for them to surround you.

You will have rations prepared, and hold yourself ready to move at any time.

I am, sir, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JAMES R. CHALMERS.

PANOLA, MISS., June 3, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, Canton:

The weakness of enemy at Corinth, the proximity of Roddey's command, and the scarcity in the country north of Okolona, render it comparatively safe. The wheat harvest now going on here makes a raid imminent. Can you send me the Confederate cavalry now with General Ruggles for a short time?

JAMES R. CHALMERS.
HDQRS. FIFTH MIL. DIST., DEPT. MISS. AND E. La.,Panola, June 3, 1863.

Colonel W. C. FALKNER,

First Mississippi Regiment, Tippah County:

COLONEL: The brigadier-General commanding directs me to say to you that the is informed that the enemy are preparing to advance upon him from LA Grange, intending to cross the river at Abbeville, or at some of the crossings higher up. He therefore directs that you collect as rapidly as possible all the men of your command whose personal labor is not absolutely necessary to save their wheat crop, and take a position

