
guns now in position on the line. If materials for the above are not in your possession, you are authorized to make requisition on the depot ordnance officer.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, June 4, 1863.

General Johnston, Canton:

General Bragg reports that General Breckinridge's extra men have been ordered to follow him, and that all his horses not assigned will also be sent. General B., to whom I communicated this states that unless him own horses are ordered down here, he will get none worth sending, and asks that such an order be sent.

General Bragg says that Rosecrans has threatened Shelbyville.

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CANTON, June 4, 1863.

Major-General [W. H. T.] WALKER, Yazoo City:

Your dispatch received. Loring's DIVISION and Jackson's cavalry will move at daybreak to-morrow by Moore's Bluff. Should they take the Benton or the Dover road? Transmit intelligence as you get it. Send guides to Moore's Bluff, if practicable.

J. E. Johnston.

HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, YAZOO City, June 4, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston:

GENERAL: Your telegram was received about the impressment of meat. It shall be attended to. I thought I would say a word about the route hence to Vicksburg. The River Valley road, which in places is only a half mile from the river, at others perhaps 5 or 6, is flanked by high ridges and hills, from which a few pieces of artillery could stop a column, and the ground is so precipitous it would be next to impossible to charge them. There is some water on the route, and, in fact, the Yazoo River would be near enough for watering purposes in certain parts of the road. The Mechanicsburg road is parallel to the Valley road, and in places only a few miles distant. There is no water on that route. I am informed by a gentleman that he traveled one summer 35 miles on it, and found but one place-a well-to water his horse. Bear Creek is, I believe, the only water-course. Should a column go down the Valley road, the batteries that would be put on the heights I speak of could only be carried by marching a column on the Mechanicsburg road, and taking them in rear. When my DIVISION is encamped, a few pieces of artillery could keep back a large column, the road being narrow, and there being no chance, even with infantry, to descend the precipitous sides of the succession of hills. I believe 10,000 men could stop the approach of 50,000 Yankees, and vice versa, if they have the position. With these views, I sent one of Henderson's scout's to examine the route from here to Bridgeport, on the Big Black, 18 miles from Vicksburg. I told him to examine the roads as to water, and to find out, if he could, what force the enemy had at Bridgeport. If you could, from that point, pierce the enemy's center

