
that line to re-enforce Grant before Vicksburg; that the remainder are being concentrated at Memphis, Germantown, and LA Grange. It is certain, I believe, they have been concentrating their forces, as stated, and that nine transports recently passed down the river loaded with troops. It is possible that they may have been from Memphis, though I am inclined to think they are from Rosecrans' army. In any event, the fine wheat crop of this district, which is now in a condition to be most easily destroyed, offers a strong inducement to the enemy to repeat their raids. My district has been extended to the immediate vicinity of General Johnston's army, and I am expected to guard new points, with scarcely any addition to my force- that of wholly undisciplined men. General Johnston looks to this district for the greater part of his supplies, and I am compelled to guard this place in order to protect the railroad by which they can be transported to him, which leaves me but little disposable force with which to advance against the enemy, or even to assist in protecting the country in my front. If you could assure me a portion of your command (disciplined soldiers), I could make them very useful in protecting the wheat harvest, whether the enemy advances or not. If they should advance in two columns, as reported, you can render me great relief by moving so as to threaten the flanks of the column intending to flank me. I will endeavor to keep you advised of their movements if they should advance, as threatened.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JAMES R. CHALMERS.]

[Inclosure.]

Consolidated report of Federal forces on the line of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, between Memphis and Corinth.

Locality. 	 Effect	 Infantry. 	 Cavalry. 	 Artillery.

 ive

 men

Memphis	 5,300	 Four	 10th	 Not known.

 	 brigades,	 Missouri

 	 27th, 43rd	 and 15th

, and 63rd	 Illinois

 	 Ohio, 27th	 regiments.

 	 Wisconsin,

 	 25th and

 	 89th

 	 Indiana,

 	 and 117th

 	 Illinois,

 	 and one

 	 brigade,

 	 names of

 	 regiments

 	 not known.

Buntyn	 300	 One	 ---	 None.

 	 regiment

White's 	 325	 One	 ---	 None.

 	 regiment

Ridgeway's	 275	 One	 ---	 None.

 	 regiment

Germantown	 1,400	 42nd	 3rd and 9th	 6-gun

 	 Illinois	 Illinois	 battery.

 	 and 12th

 	 Indiana,

 	 two

 	 regiments.

Colliervil	 1,100	 Two	 Four	 6-gun

le	 	 regiments 	 companies	 battery.

 	 	 8th

 	 	 Illinois.

LA Fayette	 600	 90th	 ---	 2-gun

 	 Illinois	 	 battery.

Moscow	 1,700	 53rd and	 Four	 6-gun

 	 70th Ohio,	 companies. 	 battery.

 	 and 100th

 	 Indiana.

LA Grange	 4,000	 6th and 8th	 2nd Iowa	 16-gun

 	 Missouri,	 and parts	 battery.

 	 and 6th	 of 6th and

 	 Iowa	 7th

 	 Mounted	 Illinois,

 	 Infantry,	 and 2nd

 	 Hawkins'	 Tennessee.

 	 Tennessee

 	 Regiment,

 	 34th

 	 Wisconsin.

Grand	 700	 15th	 ---	 6-gun

Junction 	 	 Michigan	 	 battery

Corinth	 Not

 known.

Total	 15,700	 Twenty-four	 Five full	 42 pieces.

 	 regiments	 regiments

 	 and one	 and parts

 	 brigade.	 of five

 	 (Number of	 others.

 	 regiments

 	 not known.)

The above is as correct a statement of the forces on the above railroad as can be computed under the circumstances, and agrees with the reports of scouts, spies, and citizens.

WM. H. CARROLL, Jr.,

Captain, Commanding Escort.

