
UNITED STATES Mississippi SQUADRON,

Yazoo River, March 9, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Comdg. Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: In answer to General Hurlbut's request for a gunboat at Memphis, I beg leave to inform you that the Cricket, commanded by a very active officer, is at that place, and will remain there.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DAVID D. PORTER.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Young's Point, La., March 9, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding SIXTEENTH Army Corps, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find copy of letter from the general commanding to Brigadier General B. M. Prentiss, of date the 8th instant,* for your guidance in any orders you may have to give to troops bound for below Memphis. None will be debarked at Greenville without further orders from these headquarters.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BEFORE Vicksburg, March 9, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Comdg. SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

I send Colonel Dickey, commanding cavalry DIVISION, to report to you. I have explained to Colonel Dickey, verbally, that I want the available cavalry put in as good condition as possible in the next few weeks for heavy service. My plan is to have the cavalry from your command co-operate with the cavalry it is in contemplation to start from some point on the Yazoo-either Yazoo City or Liverpool. The object will be to have your cavalry move southward from La Grange in as large a force as possible, destroying the bridge over the Tallahatchee; thence move east of south, so as to head Black River or strike it where it can be crossed; the larger portion of the cavalry to move from about Yalabusha River eastward, as if to threaten the Mobile road, but in reality to cover a move of a select portion of the cavalry, which will go south and attempt to cut the railroad east of Jackson. Washburn will move eastward, and cut the Mississippi Central road where it crosses the Big Black. It is hoped by these moves of large forces of cavalry to cover the smaller party sufficiently to ensure their success in reaching the road east of Jackson, and to do what they are sent for, and return to the main body. No vehicles should be taken along, except ambulances, and they should have an extra pair of horses each. The troops should be instructed to keep well together, and let marauding alone for once, and thereby better success.

I regret that the expedition you had fitted out was not permitted to go. The weather, however, has been so intolerably bad ever since that it might have failed.

I look upon Grierson as being much better qualified to command this expedition than either Lee or Mizner. I do not dictate, however, who shall be sent. The date when the expedition should start will depend on movements here. You will be informed of the exact time for them to start.

U. S. GRANT.

---------------

*See p. 93.

---------------

