
CANTON, June 5, 1863.

Major-General WALKER, Yazoo City:

Captain [Thomas] Henderson, at Scott's Ferry, reported Brigadier-General [John] Adams at Pritchard's Cross-Roads last night. I suppose that the general has reported to you. I cannot suspect that he will neglect the Valley road. I have desired Jackson to send you a squadron. Send information to Loring and Jackson toward Moore's Bluff, and to me by telegraph.

J. E. Johnston.
HEADQUARTERS, June 5, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, Commanding:

GENERAL: I have received the letter asking for information, and have sent an urgent request to get it. [John] Adams seems to think the force large. It does not strike me that it can be, even though nine boats landed them. It is more reasonable to think it a devastating command; they would not destroy as they were advancing. Don't you think it would be advisable to send Jackson as rapidly as possible?

W. W. LORING.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FORCES AROUND JACKSON, Number 1. Jackson, MISS., June 5, 1863.

The roads diverging from the town of Jackson will be guarded in the following order:

Brigadier-General Evans will guard the Canton and Livingston roads; Brigadier-General Helm the Clinton road; Brigadier-General [D. W.] Adams the Raymond road and small road between the Raymond and Gallatin roads; Brigadier-General Stovall the Gallatin road, including the branch to Raymond, about 2 miles from Jackson, and the Monticello road. One regiment from each brigade will be used for this purpose, and will be thrown forward from 2 to 3 miles from Jackson, according to wood and water, with pickets one-half mile an advance. They will resist strongly the advance of the enemy, and give early information of his approach to these headquarters. No one will be allowed to pass out of the lines without a pass from the headquarters of the Western Department, provost-marshal, or these headquarters. When any suspicion is attached to persons coming within the lines, they will be sent, under guard, to the commandant of the post.

By command of Major-General Breckinridge:

JOHN A. BUCKNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JUNE 5, 1863. -For E. K. Smith to Holmes, in reference to co-operation with Pemberton, see Series I, VOL. XXII, Part II, p. 857.]

CANTON, June 6, 1863.

General BRAGG, Tullahoma:

Following dispatch just received from Captain [Thomas] Henderson, of scouts service:

PANOLA,-.

Sam. Tate reports re-enforcements to Grant from Rosecrans, via Louisville. All boats there and at Memphis pressed by Government.

Have you anything in confirmation of this? *

J. E. Johnston.

(Copy, with exception of last sentence, sent to General Cooper.)

---------------

*Answer, if any, not found.

---------------

