
BENTON, June 8, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. JACKSON, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Please make disposition of your DIVISION of cavalry to perform the outpost duty of this army. The regiment of Colonel Wirt Adams will be temporarily added to your command. Your right will rest in the Yazoo, a brigade serving between that river and the Big Black; the remainder of the DIVISION will be southeast of the Big Black, its left below Baldwin's Ferry. The enemy's scouts must not be permitted to show themselves east of the Big Black. Your position on this side of the Big Black will be as near the enemy as circumstances may permit.

Report to me, but give to generals of DIVISION all information that may be necessary to them.

The horses of the mounted infantry, such of them, at least, as are fit for cavalry service, will be turned over to you in a few days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. Johnston,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIFTH MIL. DIST., DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Panola, June 8, 1863.

Colonel [J.] LAWHON, Commanding Forces at Grenada:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that the troops under your command be encamped in the immediate vicinity of the railroad bridges over the Yalabusha River, so as to be in constant readiness to defend either or both of them, in case of an attack. A guard will be stationed at each end of both bridges, and pickets will be thrown forward at least 1 mile north of the river, so as to guard all the approaches.

I am, colonel, &amp;c., your obedient servant,W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, Numbers 136. June 8, 1863.

* * * * * * *

XXII. Mobile, and the country containing the approaches to it, as well as that immediately around it, will constitute a department within the geographical command of General J. E. Johnston. * All returns and reports will be made as in other like cases.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

[JNO. WITHERS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*By Special Orders, Numbers 81, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, April 6, 1864,

this order was "revoked, to take effect August 12, 1863, "and Mobile and its defenses were designated as the "District of the Gulf, in the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and Eastern Louisiana. "

---------------

