SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 7.near Vernon, June 10, 1863.

Colonel L. S. Ross, commanding SECOND Brigade of this DIVISION, with section of King's battery, commanded by Lieutenant [Henry S.] Johnston, will at once take position with his command southeast of Big Black River, near Bolton, and will guard and protect all the country between Coxe's and Baldwin's Ferry, on the Big Black, his right resting at Coxe's and his left at Baldwin's Ferry. He will establish a line of couriers between his headquarters and Jackson, MISS., and will promptly notify the general commanding DIVISION of infantry in his rear, also these headquarters, of the first movements of the enemy. He will keep his command as near the enemy as circumstances will permit; bold, reliable scouts in his front, also upon both wings of his command. He will see that the enemy's scouts are not permitted to show themselves east of the Big Black. He will establish such system of scouts as to keep himself posted about movements of enemy around Vicksburg, Warrenton, and Grand Gulf, and find out, if possible, the strength and position of the enemy. Keep their cavalry close upon their infantry lines. The utmost attention must be paid to picketing. He will make such arrangements for supplying his command as the country affords, and will report what he has done to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier General W. H. Jackson:

GEO. MOORMAN,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIFTH. MIL. DIST., DEPT. MISS., AND E. La., Panola, June 10, 1863.

Colonel R. McCulloch, Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that when you fall back, unless you are pressed by the enemy, you will encamp near Senatobia, and await further orders.

By orders of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Vicksburg, June 11, 1863.

Major-General STEVENSON, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say that, from what he learns, Brigadier-General Cumming has strangely misconceived the order in relation to firing from the lines. The order is not to engage in useless firing, and thus unnecessarily exhaust our ammunition, but the enemy are not to be allowed to show themselves within range with impunity, and certainly they are not to be permitted to strengthen their works or construct new ones without molestation, as the lieutenant-general learns has been the case in front of Brigadier-General Cumming.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. H. McCARDLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

