
CANTON, June 11, 1863.

Major-General [W. H. T.] WALKER:

GENERAL: As the preparations to move toward the enemy are nearly completed, and your DIVISION will have a longer distance to march than the orders, please move as soon as practicable to some point on or near the Big Black, whence the distance will be equal to that from Jackson; Vernon, for instance, or its neighborhood. As it is important that the baggage train should be as small as possible, the allowance of brigade wagons will be one for each hundred men (aggregate) for transportation of cooking utensils, ammunition, and of officers' baggage, one for medical supplies, one for each general officer and staff.

I need not suggest to you to load with provisions all above this allowance. Should you be detained near Vernon, the neighborhood can supply. Mr. John Robinson, near Livingston, can probably furnish what you may require. Please inform me by telegraph when you can leave your present camp.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. Johnston.

PANOLA, MISS., June 11, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, Jackson:

Bridge over Tallahatchee not necessary. Not advisable to rebuild it, without larger force to protect it.

JAMES R. CHALMERS.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST, Number 11. Jackson, MISS., June 11, 1863.

No leave of absence, or furlough, or permission or order to leave the lines of this army will be given on any pretext whatever, without the express authority or approval of General Johnston, to whom all such applications must be referred, through the channels prescribed by the regulations.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST, Jackson, MISS., June 11, 1863.

I. Colonel H. B. Lyon, Eighth Kentucky Regiment, is temporarily relieved from his present duty, and will immediately proceed to the southwestern part of this department, in the vicinity of Port Hudson, and assume command of all troops there, including those commanded by Colonel [J. L.] Logan, Lieutenant-Colonel Powell [F. P. Powers], and Captain [T. M.] Cochran.

* * * * * * *

VI. Major-General Breckinridge will detail from his command 100 men and 3 officers, to constitute a company of pontooners, to be placed under command of Captain De Veuve.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

