HEADQUARTERS, Jackson, June 11, 1863.

Colonel H. B. LYON, Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: It is wished and expected by General Johnston that you proceed immediately to assume the command to which you are assigned by Special Orders, Numbers 101, Paragraph I, from this office. You will use every exertion to interrupt the progress of the siege of Port Hudson, and to harass the enemy by intercepting his supplies, cutting off his communications, attacking his detachments, or in any manner you may deem practicable. You will remain with your force as near his lines as is consistent with the safety of your command. General Johnston has is consistent with the safety of you command. General Johnston has selected you for this very important duty because of his confidence in your skill and judgment, and has no doubt that it will be well performed, in accordance with the brief instructions herein given.

By command, &c.:

BENJ. S. EWELL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

Vicksburg, June 12, 1863.

General Johnston:

Courier Walker arrived this morning with caps. No message from you. Very heavy firing yesterday from mortars and on lines.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST, Jackson, MISS., Numbers 12. June 12, 1863.

The following allowance and distribution of transportation is hereby ordered, and will be strictly enforced:

1. For each major-general's staff, one wagon.

2. For each brigadier-general's staff, one wagon.

3. For each 100 men not included in the above, one wagon.

4. For each battery, unless it exceeds 150 men, one wagon; if more than 150 men, two wagons.

5. For transportation of medical supplies for each brigade, two wagons.

6. No additional transportation will be allowed to regimental headquarters.

7. Ambulances will be assigned by the medical director.

8. Officers and men are enjoined to leave in the rear, at some secure point, all superfluous baggage, as transportation is not allowed for anything except cooking utensils, commissary, ordnance, and medical supplies.

9. All surplus transportation will be turned over on the order of Major [A. M.] Barbour, chief quartermaster, General Johnston's staff.

10. This order will be at once carried into effect, and returns made to Colonel Harvie, Inspector-general, of the amount and disposition of all transportation left with DIVISIONS.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, June 13, 1863.

General W. W. MACKALL, Shelbyville:

We have no means of knowing whence Grant's re-enforcements come. You ought to know if Rosecrans has sent away troops. If he has, the

61 R R-VOL. XXIV, PT. III

