
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST, Jackson, MISS., Numbers 13. June 13, 1863.

I. Surg. Preston B. Scott, Helm's brigade, Breckinridge's DIVISION, is hereby relieved of regimental duty, and is appointed assistant medical director of this command, and will report to Surg. D. W. Yandell, medical director.

II. Surg. Gratz [A.] Moses, at present unattached, is hereby appointed acting medical inspector of this command, and will report to Surg. D. W. Yandell, medical director, for duty.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Vicksburg, June 14, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston:

Last night Captain Sanders arrived with 200,000 caps, but brought no information as to your position or movements. The enemy is landing troops in large numbers on Louisiana shore, above Vicksburg. They are probably from Memphis, but it may be from Yazoo; I cannot ascertain positively. On the Graveyard road the enemy has run his saps to within 25 yards of our works. He will probably attempt to sink a mine. I shall try to thwart him. I am anxiously expecting to hear from you, to arrange for co-operation.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

JUNE 14, 1863.

General PEMBERTON:

All that we can attempts is, to save you and your garrison. To do this, exact co-operation is indispensable. BY fighting the enemy simultaneously at the same point of his line, you may be extricated. Our joint forces cannot raise the siege of Vicksburg. My communication with the rear can best be preserved by operating north of railroad. Inform me as soon as possible what point will suit you best. * Your dispatches of the 8th and 10th have been received.

J. E. Johnston.

PANOLA, June 14, 1863.

Colonel McCULLOCH, Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to say that he desires, if possible, to strike another blow at the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. Measures have been taken to procure the necessary information, which will be forwarded to General George, who will communicate it to you, if it be such as to justify a movement.

The general's plan is, that you should move against the road from Byhalia, and you will, therefore, keep your command in constant readiness to move to that point from the place which you may select as a camp.

---------------

*Another dispatch of same date, from Johnston to Pemberton, reads as above down to the asterisk; thence it reads, "Your dispatch of 12th received. General Taylor, with 8,000 men, will endeavor to open communication with you from Richmond" [LA.] Both dispatches found among General Pemberton's papers.

---------------

