
mind that you are expected to defend this place, and that its protection is not to be neglected for the attainment of any other object. In moving forward, therefore, you will keep scouts constantly in the direction of Holly Springs, so as to guard against the possibility of being but off by a flank movement from that direction, and, in case of an advance by the enemy, you will fall back so as to protect this place, giving notice to General George of your movements. You will keep General George advised of your position, so that he may communicate information to you. It may be that the only message you will receive from General George will be that "All is right. " If such a message is received, you will move forward at once to Byhalia, where further information and instructions will be sent to you.

I am, colonel, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. -If Colonel Falkner, commanding First Mississippi Regiment, joins you before this movement is made, you will order him to this place to guard it.

JACKSON, MISS., June 14, 1863.

General John C. BRECKINRIDGE, Comdg., &c., present:

GENERAL: To make a movement at anything like the time necessary, we will be forced to impress teams. General Johnston is absent. One day is important. I propose you send me a cavalry company or two, and let us take them right up. Suppose we meet to-night in Colonel Ewell's quarters and talk it over. Time is blood now.

Your obedient servant,

ALFRED M. BARBOUR,

Major and Chief Quartermaster.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FORCES, Numbers 3. Jackson, MISS., June 14. 1863.

The supply of ammunition to be carried on the field will be 40 rounds in cartridge-boxes and 60 rounds in ordnance wagons, making 100 rounds to each man. All excess of the above allowance will be turned over to the ordnance department at once.

BY command of Major-General Breckinridge:

JOHN A. BUCKNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND E. La., Vicksburg, June 15, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston:

The enemy has placed several very heavy guns in position against outworks, and is approaching them very nearly by sap. His fire is almost continuous. Our men have no relief; are becoming much fatigued, but are still in pretty good spirits. I think your movement should be made as soon possible. The enemy is receiving re-enforcements. We are living on greatly reduced rations, but I think sufficient for twenty days yet.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

