
[JUNE 15, 1863. -For E. K. Smith to Richard Taylor, in reference to co-operation with Pemberton, see Series I, VOL. XXII, Part II, p. 868.]
HDQRS. DIVISION, near Vernon, June 15, 1863.

A. P. MASON, Major and Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

MAJOR: I send you the report of Captain Martin. I sent to Yazoo City to-day for mules for the caissons when shall have arrived. I also sent for the other 20-pounder Parrott gun, and for mules for it and for the caisson. For this THIRD gun, twelve single harness and a saddle and a caisson will be required in addition to the twenty-four harness required for the two on hand mentioned by Captain Martin. In all thirty-six single harness, three saddles, and three caissons. Perhaps, if it can be done, horses had better be substituted for mules. I will make sure of the mules, and then the general can have the exchange made or not, as he pleases. Nothing new.

Very respectfully,W. H. T. WALKER.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. WALKER'S DIVISION, Balfour's, June 15, 1863. Captain JOS. B. Cumming, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from the major-general commanding, I inspected the two 3. 67 Parrott guns under the command of Lieutenant [H. S.] Quisemberry. They will need the following equipments in order to be serviceable in the field: Two caissons, four sent of two-horse artillery wheel harness, eight sets of two-horse artillery lead harness, two sergeants' saddles, one set of spare wheel traces, two sets of spare lead traces.

The guns were drawn here by mules, and mules have been sent for to draw the caissons when they arrive.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. MARTIN,

Captain, Acting Chief of Artillery, Walker's DIVISION.

P. S. -The above is Captain Martin's report. Twenty-four single sets of harness, he means. He has put it down technically twelve single harness and a saddle, in addition to the twenty-four; for the THIRD gun.

W. H. T. WALKER.

PANOLA, MISS., June 15, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, Canton:

Colonel McCulloch, with 500 men tore up railroad track between Collierville and Germantown. I start this morning with 500 men and three pieces of artillery for Mississippi River. I leave General George at Senatobia and Colonel McCulloch near this place.

JAMES R. CHALMERS.

JUNE 16 [?], 1863. (Received June 20.)

General PEMBERTON:

I am too weak to save Vicksburg; can do no more than attempt to save you and your garrison. It will be impossible to extricate you

