
unless you co-operate and we make mutually supporting movements. Communicate your plans and suggestions, if possible.

J. E. Johnston.

JACKSON, June 17, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

General Ruggles telegraphs credited information from Corinth:

Federals contemplate attacking Atlanta with 4,000 cavalry from Corinth.

J. E. Johnston.

[Indorsement.]

JUNE 18, 1863.

The within dispatch has been telegraphed to General Bragg at Shelbyville.

S. COOPER.
HEADQUARTERS, Jackson, MISS., June 17, 1863. Major-General BRECKINRIDGE, Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: Be pleased to state what instructions you gave in relation to the removal of the Federal wounded from our lines to the enemy's, and of out wounded from their lines to ours, in reply to the request made by the Federal commander.

By command of General Johnston:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE WEST, Jackson, MISS., June 17, 1863.

General RUGGLES, Commanding, Columbus:

SIR: For the better defense of the State, General Johnston thinks that you ought to occupy a line somewhat north of that you now hold; some such as that between Pontotoc and Fulton, he thinks, will answer. He directs that you immediately establish your disposable troops on this line, if you approve of it, or on some other in the same region. He wishes you to exercise your judgment in the selection.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. ADAMS' CAV., near Mechanicsburg, MISS., June 17, 1863.

Captain WILLIAM F. BULLOCK, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I examined the prisoners, Charles Swan, sent in by Sergeant Hightower, of this regiment, and elicited the following: The guide employed by the Federals, in their movements between the Yazoo and Big Black Rivers, is a man named Vial, living at the mouth of Little Sunflower River. This man Vial has been engaged for years in rafting on the Yazoo, and has an intimate knowledge of all this section of country. He was the guide in the recent advance of cavalry to Wesley Chapel, and notified the enemy of the exact

