
position of our pickets and vedettes. Vial is now with General Washburn, at Haynes' Bluff, and stated to Swan that he was about starting on an expedition up Deer Creek. Swan was at General Washburn's headquarters when Vial made the statement to him. Swan states that the impression among the Federals is general that the attack of General Johnston will be made in the immediate vicinity of Haynes' Bluff, and dispositions have been made accordingly. Roads are being blockaded and artillery placed in position near the bluff, in view of General Johnston's advance in that direction. Great anxiety is manifested by Federal officers to learn something authentic of General Johnston's movements and strength. Large re-enforcements have arrived and are still arriving. They are being disembarked at Snyder's Mill. General Washburn is in command at the Bluff, and the following are some of the generals whose commands are with him, viz: Steele, Kimball, Smith, and a German (probably Osterhaus). Soldiers estimate their force as exceeding 100,000. General Johnston's force is variously estimated by them from 30,000 to 60,000.

This man Swan's statements, I think, may be relied upon, from the fact that he was fearful of being executed as a spy, and made his statement under the impression that it would serve to mitigate his punishment. He has been living with Vial for some time past. I have no doubt but that he, as well as Vial, is in the employ of General Washburn.

The two prisoners taken with Swan are members of Captain [J. J.] Cowan's company, Withers' artillery, and state that they were waiting for an opportunity to enter Vicksburg. One of them, [Daniel] Carabine, is a brother-in-law of Vial, at whose both house both were taken. I am satisfied they had no intention of returning to this army.

I propose to send a man to lie in wait for Vial, and capture him some night, when he returns to move his family.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. C. WOOD, Jr.,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAV. DIV., Vernon, MISS., June 18, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the general commanding.

W. H. JACKSON,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

VICKSBURG, June 19, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston:

The enemy opened all his batteries on our lines about 3. 30 this morning, and continued the heaviest fire we have yet sustained, until 8 o'clock, but he did not assault our works. Artillery is reported to have been distinctly heard about 2 a. m. toward east of Snyder's Mill, supposed to have been an engagement with your troops. On the Graveyard road the enemy's works are within 25 feet of our redan; also very close on Jackson and Baldwin's Ferry road. I hope you will advance with the least possible delay. My men have been thirty-four days and nights in trenches without relief, and the enemy is within conversation distance. We are living on very reduced rations, and, as you know, are entirely isolated. What aid am I to expect from you? The bearer, Captain [George D.] Wise, can be confided in.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

