
proceeds without turning over to the DIVISION commissary or quartermasters, or in any way receipting or accounting for them.

This course is not only in contravention of General Orders, but of Special Orders form these headquarters, Number 26, dated February 24, 1863. No team, no officer, no soldier has any right to forage except with a train duly organized and sent out for that purpose, under written orders from the DIVISION commander, who will in all cases detail an efficient and responsible officer, who will be held strictly accountable for all property taken and the disposition thereof.

The officer in charge will account to the commissary and quartermaster of the DIVISION, respectively, for all stores seized, and any irregularities will be promptly reported to these headquarters, that the offenders may be dealt with according to the nature of their offense.

By direction of Major-General McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to McAthur.)

COLUMBUS, KY., March 9, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Comdg. SIXTEENTH Army Corps, Memphis, Tenn.:

I received the following telegram this morning:

Some 7,000 rebels in the vicinity of mouth of Duck River, under command of Pillow, of infantry, and Wheeler, of cavalry. They have five ferry-boats run down from Duck River, and three more a few miles above the mouth of it, hid in the woods. The country is overflowed 2 miles from the river; no crossing.

The above is reliable, the informant being employed by myself in secret service, with directions to report only positive facts. I give the news to General Sullivan, as well as to the commander of the navy at Cairo, requesting the latter to order gunboats down to control the rebels and destroy the ferry-boats collected. If General Rosecrans would sen and adequate force down upon Pillow and Wheeler, they could not escape.

ASBOTH.

[MARCH 9, 1863. -For Asboth to Hurlbut, applying for re-enforcement at Columbus, and reply, see Series I, VOL. XXIII, Part II, p. 125.]

[MARCH 9-10, 1863. -For Davidson to Asboth, and reply, in reference to apprehended attack on New Madrid, Mo., see Series I, VOL. XXII, Part II, p. 151.]

UNITED STATES Mississippi SQUADRON,

Yazoo River, March 10, 1863. (Received March 13.)

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

I have been pretty well assured for some time that the Indianola had been blown up, in consequence of the appearance of a wooden imitation monitor, which enemy sunk with their batteries. The monitor was a valuable aid to us. It forced away the Queen of the West, and caused the blowing up of the Indianola.

7 R R-VOL XXIV, PT III

