
If I can do nothing to relieve you, rather than surrender the garrison, endeavor to cross the river at the moment, if you and General Taylor communicate.

J. E. Johnston.

PANOLA, June 22, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, Canton, MISS.:

Scout Weaver reported last night the 700 from Pocahontas whipped by General Ruggles and driven back toward Memphis and Charleston Railroad. Scout from near Memphis just reports General Chalmers engaged enemy near Hernando Saturday, killed 8 or 10, captured 100, and drove the remainder back toward Memphis. Chalmers was on the WEST side of Coldwater this morning, and Colonel Hatch crossed at Mathews' Ferry late last evening, in pursuit of him, with about 800; burned the bridge after him. Colonel Blythe was following this morning after the enemy; he will be delayed somewhat in crossing Coldwater, but will be in time to render assistance to General Chalmers, if required.

Colonel McCulloch was in pursuit of another column of the enemy that went through Luxahoma toward LA Grange. The remaining column of the crossed at Hernando Ferry and went toward Memphis. We have only a picket guard at this place. Wagon trains all returned from Charleston this evening. My reports have been few since the enemy advanced upon this place, partly from my moving about so as not to get my regular reports, and partly from sickness. I write this in bed. My lieutenant will be in to relieve or assist me to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

THOS. HENDERSON,

Captain Independent Scouts.

HDQRS. FIRST MIL. DIST., Pontotoc, MISS., June 22, 1863. General Johnston:

Enemy's cavalry, 800 strong, two guns, went WEST from near Oxford Saturday. Not heard of since. I await further information. Can you give it? Major Inge is reported tightening band of tories near Fulton. Asks more troops. If I cross the Central road, this district will be unprotected. Roddey has never co-operated directly with me.

DANIEL RUGGLES.

PONTOTOC, June 22, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL, Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the views of General Johnston touching the line of defense in Northeastern Mississippi. I had anticipated the views of the general, both in opinion and in action, as will be seen in communications repeatedly made.

The policy connected with up an advanced position has been dependent on material facts beyond my control.

1. I had no organized troops disciplined and not demoralized when ordered to the district.

2. They were miserably and are still poorly armed, and have not been, until very recently, provided with ammunition sufficient for a single

