
receiving them into Confederate service. See letter to Colonel Smith, inclosed. *

DANIEL RUGGLES.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST, Numbers 16. Jackson, MISS., June 22, 1863.

Major J. B. Eustis, assistant adjutant-general, will have charge of the business connected with the military court and courts-martial in this command. All charges, proceedings of the military courts, courts-martial, and courts of inquiry, and all communications in relation thereto, will be hereafter forwarded directly to his address.

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., June 23, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The President thinks of writing a confidential letter to General J. E. Johnston, informing him of what has been done to re-enforce our arms on the Mississippi, and putting him in possession of the situation of military affairs throughout the Confederacy, that he may be better enabled to conduct the operations in his department. In order to state the case fully, the President would like to have your correspondence with General Johnston from the time he went to Mississippi, in May, if it is not too voluminous to be readily given.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

G. W. C. LEE,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

Vicksburg, June 23, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, Jackson:

If I cut my way out, this important position is lost, and many of my men, too. Can we afford that? If I cannot cut my way out, both position and all my men are lost. This we cannot afford. Should suggest the probability of Grant's being open to terms that can result more to our advantage than either of the above actions. Not knowing your force or plans, he may accede to your proposition to pass this army out with all its arms and equipage . This proposal would come with greater prospects of success and better grace from you, while it necessarily could not come at all from me. You could make the showing of my ability and strength to still hold out for several week longer, which, together with his impression regarding your strength, might operate upon him to comply with your terms. While I make this suggestion, I still renew my hope of your being, by force of arms, enabled to act with me in saving this vital point. I will strain every nerve to hold out, if there is hope of our ultimate relief, for FIFTEEN days longer. It is reported that some of the enemy's forces are moving up toward the Yazoo. It is also reported that some of his forces have moved along the Hall's Ferry road to Big Bayou, near Warrenton, where they are temporarily massing. These movements indicate the lengthening of the enemy's lines, and the increase of the area of his operations.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

