HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Vernon, MISS., June 23, 1863.

Major A. P. MASON,Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

MAJOR: As General Jackson is absent making a reconnaissance, and inspecting the lines in front of the SECOND Brigade, I have the honor to answer your communication asking about the flag of truce party. A communication received a short time since from Brigadier-General Whitfield, states that the truce party became tired of waiting for General Johnston's reply to their communication, and withdrew beyond the Big Black, where they now are.

In accordance with your instructions, transmitted through these headquarters, to Brigadier-General Whitfield, he addressed a note to Assistant Surgeon Whitney, U. S. Army, informing him "that he could not be permitted to enter our lines, but that such of the wounded as would bear transportation would be delivered to him at the outer chain of vedettes,"&amp;c. To which communication Brigadier-General Osterhaus sent the inclosed reply. *

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. MOORMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, June 23, 1863.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS:

It is thought that the bridges on the Mississippi and Tennessee Railroad-that at Yalabusha; the three, Tillatoba, Yockeney, and Long Creek Bridges-could be better defended by small stockades. Major [M.] Meriweather, of the Engineer Corps, now at Grenada, can direct their construction.

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PANOLA, MISS., June 23, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson:

General Chalmers not returned. From best information, he crossed Yazoo Pass on Sunday, en route for the ferry at mouth of Coldwater. His prisoners crossed there yesterday; expect him here to-morrow.

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.]

Vicksburg, June 24, 1863.

GENERAL: I am instructed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say he desires you to be particularly vigilant against an assault between now and to- morrow morning.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

