
dispatch, and my impressing officers are sending additions daily.

The weak point on the Liverpool road, in the chain of redoubts, has been so strengthened as so bid defiance to attack from that direction. A rumor is current here to-day to the effect that Yankee cavalry are on Deer Creek in strong force, burning and destroying as they go, and driving off what cattle were left in their late raid. Everything is quiet in this immediate vicinity.

WM. B. CREASMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

P. S. -The ammunition ordered, in addition to that already on hand, will be here this afternoon.

JUNE 27, 1863.

General PEMBERTON:

Your dispatch of the 22nd received. General E. K. Smith's troops have been mismanaged, and have fallen back to Delhi. I have sent a special messenger, urging him to assume the direct command. The determined spirit you manifest, and his expected co-operation, encourage me to hope that something may yet be done to save Vicksburg, and to postpone both of the modes suggested of merely extricating the garrison. Negotiations with Grant for the relief of the garrison, should they become necessary, must be made by you. It would be a confession of weakness on my part, which I ought not to make, to propose them. When it becomes necessary to make terms, they may be considered as made under my authority.

J. E. Johnston.

[Indorsement.]

Not received. Copy furnished by General Johnston August 19.

J. C. P. [PEMBERTON.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Jackson, MISS., June 27, 1863.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE, Headquarters:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 26th instant to the Governor, and am directed to say to you in reply that he has ordered about the number of mounted State troops that you ask for, say 500, to this point of service, but, hearing of a small cavalry raid that crossed Pearl River a few days ago, he ordered a portion of the to follow in pursuit. The balance are expected to reach here early next week. On their arrival, they shall be placed under your orders and command.

I am, general, your, very respectfully,

W. A. BARBOUR,

Secretary.

PANOLA, June 27, 1863.

Major MASON:

MAJOR: When General Johnston ordered me to send companies to Greenwood, to guard the steamboat there, I directed the companies nearest at hand to go, and one of them was Captain Henderson's company, of Bolivar Country. They belonged to the State troops, and the officers refused to obey the order, although shown the order from General Johnston expending my command so as to include Bolivar Country. Upon hearing of this, I sent an officer and 10 men to bring the officers

