
belief that the climate alone will cause them to raise the siege, if our garrison could out three weeks. In coming up by the Port Gibson and Edwards Depot road, I saw no evidence of the enemy's visits to this side of the river. General Whitfield encountered and drove back 500 who crossed at Messinger's Ford this morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WIRT ADAMS,

Colonel, Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION, near Bolton, July 4, 1863.

Colonel WIRT ADAMS:

COLONEL: I am directed by Major-General Breckinridge to acknowledge the receipt of your letter, and inform you that Brigadier General D. W. Adams will move with his brigade to the vicinity of Mindway to-morrow morning. He requests that you will communicate with that officer, and guard against a raid of the enemy's cavalry around our left, and that you will report to him any movement of importance from any quarter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. BUCKNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION, July 4, 1863.

The attention of brigade commanders is particularly called to the straggling which prevails in this command. The commanding general yesterday saw hundreds of men wandering through the country, many of them miles from their camps, and complaints have reached him from several quarters of serious depredations. Unless this is arrested at once, the presence of the army will be regarded as a curse instead of protection, while the bonds of discipline will be broken and the troops become demoralized and uncontrollable. in our present situation, the commanding general will not limit the brigade commanders as to the number of men who may be allowed to go out of camp, but they are directed to make such regulations as will prevent abuse, and by strengthening the guards, by frequent roll-calls, and other suitable means, to put a stop to the irregularities above mentioned.

Attention is also called to the fact that on the march many stragglers represented that they were allowed to fall out of ranks by their company officers.

By command of Major-General Breckinridge:

JOHN A. BUCKNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION, Number -.near Bolton, July 4, 1863.

* * * * * * *

Brigadier General D. W. Adams will move with his brigade to Midway or its immediate vicinity to-morrow morning at daylight. He will picket all the approaches to his camp from the right, left, and front, and will place himself immediately on his arrival in communication with Brigadier-General Whitfield, Commanding cavalry at Edwards, or Queen's Hill.

