
Brigadier-General Helm will picket the railroad for a mile in front of him .

Brigadier-General Stovall will picket the roads leading toward Brownsville and Queen's Hill.

Brigadier-General Adams will place a picket guard at Hall Smith's, on the road to Edwards Depot, south of the railroad, and one on the Livingston road, as far out as General Smead's.

The strength of these pickets will be from 10 to 20 men. The usual instructions will be given.

By command of Major-General Breckinridge:

JOHN A. BUCKNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FRENCH'S DIVISION, July 4, 1863.

Brigadier General John W. WHITFIELD, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Agreeably to instructions from Major S. G. French, I have the honor to inform you that this morning, upon receipt of your dispatch relative to the movements of the enemy, a force of two regiments of infantry were sent to take position at the intersection of Garrett's and the Birdsong Ferry roads. I am further instructed to request that you will furnish him with any further information you may have obtained concerning their movements, to the end that he may know whether it would be advisable to relieve the regiments refereed to.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,GRAHAM DAVES,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, July 4, [1863.]

Major DAVES,

Assistant Adjutant-General;

MAJOR: I driven the enemy back across the river, and will leave your front well picketed, so there can be no necessity for your two regiments remaining out longer.

Respectfully, &c.,

J. W. WHITFIELD.

OFFICE STATE COMMISSARY, Mobile. Ala., July 4, 1863. Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Army of MISS., Jackson, MISS.:

COLONEL: I beg to call your attention to the inclosed copy of the order assigning me to the position of chief commissary for the State of Alabama. The object of this new plan of collecting commissary stores is, briefly, to introduce order and system where previously disorder and confusion prevailed. Believing it to be a scheme of great practical benefit to the service, if efficiently managed, I accepted the appointment for this State, and being anxious to associate with me in the conduct of the business experienced and competent officers, I tendered to Major W. W. Guy the appointment for one of the districts in this State, but knowing that he was acting under special orders from General Johnston, I told him he must get an order from you relieving him from that duty and directing him to report to me. It is a desirable position for Major Guy, particularly as he is already familiar with the country which

