
I am informed by an officer on a boat this moment from Memphis that it is currently reported there and believed that the rebels have 25,000 men between Jackson and Grenada, to oppose our passage down the Yazoo.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

I. F. QUINBY.

COLUMBUS, March 10, 1863-11 p. m.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Commanding District, Jackson:

I have just received the following telegram from Fort Donelson:

Forts Henry and Heiman are evacuated. All the troops there are either here or on their way, and also the stores. The works have been leveled down, by order of General Rosecrans, &c.

A. C. HARDING,

Colonel, Commanding.

We can, therefore, expect to assistance in that quarter.

ASBOTH.

NEAR HELENA, ARK., March 11, 1863.

Captain C. S. LYMAN,

Master of Transportation, Memphis, Tenn.:

CAPTAIN: I am ordered to send all my large transports back to Lake Providence, to bring up General Logan's DIVISION, but the John H. Dickey is in such a bad condition it was deemed advisable to send her first to Memphis for repairs. Hurry the transports up, for if the Yazoo expedition is to be successful, every energy must be strained to send the troops forward. My orders compel me to send the Von Phul down to Lake Providence for Logan's DIVISION, though it seems a hard case.

I address you as a friend to be perfectly impartial in your selection of boats for army transportation. Those which have been seized, are nearly worn out in the public service, without making much, if any, money, ought, in justice, to be released, and those which have been reaping a rich harvest in private trade should now take their turn in the transportation of the troops.

At the earliest moment send another boat to take the place of the Von Phul, and have her released, for she has been almost continuously in Government service for the past eight months. Do not fail to send all the boats under 180 feet in length to report to me or General McPherson, at the entrance to Moon Lake.

I am, very respectfully, &c.,

I. F. QUINBY.

COLUMBUS, KY., March 11, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis, Tenn.:

In connection with my telegram of March 7, giving unofficial information of the abandoned of Forts Henry and Heiman, I beg to report the following telegram received from Fort Donelson:

Forts Henry and Heiman are evacuated. All the troops there are either here or on their way; also the stores. The works have been down by order of General Rosecrans. Fort Henry was untenable by high water. All quiet here.

A. C. HARDING,

Colonel, Commanding.

