HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD, July 5 1863.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE,Commanding, &amp;c.:

You will immediately retrace your steps, and march your DIVISION toward Jackson. You will send the supply train and the pontoon train in advance. Lose no time in executing this order. Vicksburg has fallen, and the enemy is immediate advance.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[P. S.]-Start your train immediately, and let your troops follow.

BAKER'S CREEK CROSSING,

Three Miles from Edwards Depot, MISS., July 5, 1863-9 a. m.

Colonel John A. BUCKNER,

Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders, I moved this morning to Midway, on the railroad, but found no water there or suitable place for an encampment, and that it possessed the further disadvantage of being to the right of the main wagon road so far (1 1/2 miles) as to put it out of my power to protect my left and rear in the event of an advance movement of the enemy. For these reasons I have moved up to this position, about 1 or 1 1/4 miles farther, and about 3 miles of Edwards Depot, on the east side of Baker's Creek, near a bridge on the main Vicksburg, Bolton, and Clinton wagon road.

I find it a strong position, and tolerably well supplied with spring water, and a supply of stock water in Baker's Creek. I have, as directed, sent a messenger to the cavalry, directing them to communicate with you as to any advance, &c.

I have nothing of interest from the front. I find my brother's (Wirt Adams') regiment on my front, about 1 mile distant.

I await instructions as to remaining or changing camp to any other point.

Very respectfully,

DANIEL W. ADAMS.

JULY 5.

Tell him to remain where he is, and I will be at or near Midway with remainder of DIVISION this evening.

J. C. B. [BRECKINRIDGE.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION, Number -.near Bolton, July 5, 1863.

Brigadier-Generals Helm and Stovall will move with their commands at 4 p. m. to the vicinity of Midway, by the Edwards Depot road, south of the railroad. Their bivouacs will be designated by an officer of the staff of the major-general commanding.

By command of Major-General Breckinridge:

JOHN A. BUCKNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[P. S.]- Your pickets will be withdrawn immediately.

