
The vice of straggling he begs you to shun, frown on, and, if needs be, check by even the most summary of remedies.

The telegraph has already announced a glorious victory over the foe, won by your noble comrades of the Virginia Army on Federal soil. May he not with redoubled hope count on you, while defending your own firesides and household gods, to emulate the proud example of your brothers in the east? The country express in this, the great crisis of its destiny, every man will do his duty.

J. E. Johnston.

JACKSON, July 9, 1863.

General W. H. JACKSON,

Commanding Cavalry:

SIR: It is of the utmost importance that accurate information be speedily obtained of the strength of the enemy in our front. This, allow me to suggest, might be gotten by sending half a dozen men of Colonel

Wirt Adams' regiment to the rear, in the direction of Bolton (having an eye to Raymond), to Queen's Hill, to Jackson and Orleans Railroad. These men, being well acquainted with the country, may elude observation, and they may, by application to loyal citizens, be able to form some idea of the force which has crossed Big Black at various points.

Be kind enough to send this information as soon as it can be gotten.

By command of General Johnston:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WITHERS', July 9, 1863-7. 30 p. m.

Major A. P. MASON:

MAJOR: I have ordered the skirmishers to be thrown to the front, as directed. I have also ordered a strong regiment to be sent to the river, to occupy the timber on this bank, and throw out skirmishers. I shall place pickets across the cornfield, between the regiment and my right, to keep constant communication along my line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING.

PANOLA, July 9, 1863.

General Johnston:

Conflicting orders have been sent to my quartermaster and commissary. One, ordered to send off everything, under which wagons have been sent. The other, now to continue getting supplies. It would prevent confusion if officers would send their orders to me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. CHALMERS.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, &amp;c.,Camp. 4 miles east of Senatobia, July 9, 1863.

[General CHALMERS:]

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following for the consideration of the brigadier-general commanding the district. The suggestions are made with the greatest diffidence, and with no view of dictating a policy to the military authorities of the Confederate States, but they

