
reported, yesterday moved from Charles City Court-House to Berkeley. Nothing further heard from it. Gracie was ordered to Beauregard by General Bragg's order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. RANSOM, Jr.,

Major-General.

FREDERICK'S HALL, June 11, 1864-4.45 p. m.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

The enemy's cavalry encamped last night near Waller's Tavern.

FITZ. LEE.

Major-General.

[37.]

JUNE 11, 1864.

Lieutenant T. J. CHRISTIAN,

Commanding Company H, Ninth Virginia Cavalry:

We have scouted on the north side of the Pamunkey River from Hanovertown down as low as seven miles of West Point. The enemy have a small garrison at West Point and also at White House. At New Castle they have a considerable force, and Hanovertown they have evacuated. They scout in King William as far as Lanesville and other places higher up the river, and commit a great many depredations on the people. At the White House thee are signs of an evacuation. They are tearing up the railroad on the New Kent side and shipping the iron off. We have been immediately on the river, and have seen many transports pass up and down. I shall wait in the neighborhood of the White House until further orders from you or the general and report if anything should occur.

F. ROSCOE BURKE,

Sergeant, Commanding Scouts.

[Indorsement.]

Colonel TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: This report is reliable, and I hasten to send it on. No troops have passed up to White House for several days. The scout who brought this informs me that the sutlers have all left the army; that the transports have diminished. He says the general talk is that Grant is going to James River in a few days. These scouts will go across the river if possible. The boats being destroyed makes it difficult to do so.

Respectfully,

J. R. CHAMBLISS,

Brigadier-General.

[36.]

SWIFT CREEK, June 11, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

Two-thirds of Gracie's brigade repdorted to-day to General Johnson to replace Wise's brigade, sent to Petersburg.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[36.]

