
purports to meet, in which the word independence is carefully and intentionally excluded by the West Poiint truculents in the Congress; a very good paper indeed in the line of Fremont's letter declaring against the policy of confiscation by the North and as opening the door of reconciliiation and safety to the fraternity, but damning to our histroy as a people of freemen, and only inviting, through the weakness disclosed, the rapid enlistment of 500,000 addiitional vandals against us to assure the subjugation thus made to appear so near aat hand. How my head aches and heart sickens at these ralities and strong probabilities, and how often am I forced to exclaim with Hamlet as the story progresses, "Oh! my prophetic soul!" The West Poiinters and all their hounds, Tray, Blanche, and Sweetheart, hate and fear me, and would arrest me if they dared encounter the slumbering sense of wrong in the breast of the people and the soldiiery that might be aroused by my arrest. But I dare and defy them, and the truth shall out both now and hereafter as to their iinfamy, and the sacrifice of the people, of the country, and of the laws of our fathers. Shall they have conducted the war for their own personal glory and live through the war in honor and we perish ignobly merely to these ends? No! I demand a common fatte for general as for soldier, for legislator as for citizen. I am willing to perish, but the West Poiinter must periish with me, since he has led me to the grave. I will never consent that he shall be left to make terms with the enemy and to enter the enemy's service should we fall and perish through his lead.

With warm regard,ar general, very truly, your friend,

JOHN TYLER.

RICHMOND, VA., June 12, 1864.

Major-General RANSOM,

Bottom's Bridge:

SIR: The events in Western Virgiiniia render it necessary that you should go to that region to command the cavalry division there. You will therefore turn o er the command of the forces now with you to Brigadier General G. W. C. Lee, and report for orders, &amp;c., at Riichmond, Va.,, as soon as ciircumstances will permit.

Very respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Bottom's Bridge, June 12, 1864-8 a. m.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Everything remains about the same in my front. General Custis Lee reports that the enemy doubled his pickets in his front last night. This probably was done to meet a similar act by General Lee, as one of his men deserted to the enemy in the morning. A few ddrums are heard at tattoo. I inclose a note* from Colonel Gary, commanding cavalry. Two cavalrymen from Wolson's division were captured yestterday at Long Bridge. We could gather nothing from them. We have tried from every prominent poiint to ascertain what isi doing north of Chickahominy, but the trees are not high enough to give.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

