
a sufficiient command. Both myself and staf have repeatedly tried to make satiisfactory observations, but we can see nothing more than a mile and a half beyond the river. I will continue to try and learn what is going on over there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. RANSOM, Jr.,

Major-General.

[36.]

SWIFT CREEK, June 12, 1864-9.30 a. m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

General Dearing has re-established his pickets on south side of Appomattox to within two miles and a half of City Point. Enemy's reported loss in attack on Petersburg is fifty-five kolled, wounded, and taken; ours is about the same. He captured one 12-pounder howitzer and took one fine rifled gun and disabled another. Petersburg militai fought with gallantry and did good service.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

FREDERICK'S HALL, June 12, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

General Breckinridge telegraphs from Mountain Top on the 12th that-

Enemy has moved up Valley toward Lexington. Imboden and McCausland should be able to guard the gaps and whip his cavalry. My artillery and ammunition have just arrive, and I am moving on his reaar by way of Waynesborough and Greenville. If he should threaten Lynchburg, and Imboden cannot stop him, I hope some troops can be thrown there to detain him twenty-four hours.

Forwarded by-

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

John B. SALE,

Colonel and Military Secretary.

[37.]

LYNCHBURG, June 12, 1864-10.30 a. m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

General F. H. Smith instructs me to inform you that Averell with 5,000 cavalry camped at Cedar Grove, nine miles from Lexington, Friday night. Crook, with 6,000 infantry, ten pieces of artillery, and a pontoon train, encamped at Fairfield, eleven miles from Lexington, the same night. Averell advanced on Lexington yesterday morning-Saturday-and drove in our pickets five miles from town. I left Lexington at 9 a. m. the 11th. This force is independent of Hunter's command.

John L. COX,

Colonel, &amp;c.

LYNCHBURG, June 12, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

It is reported that the enemy are at Amherst Court-House.

FRANCIS T. NICHOLLS,

Brigadier-General.

[37.]

