
I am sending now to tap the road leading from Samari Church to James River by way of Salem Church and Phillips.

W. T. R.,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

[40.]
HDQRS. COMPANY C, 1ST BATT. CAV. FOR LOCAL DEFENSE,Meadow Station, June 14, 1864.

Captain W. H. HAYWARD,

Commanding Battalion:

CAPTAIN: In accordance with instructions, I crossed the Chickahiminy at Bottom's Bridge, on the Williamsburg road, about 3 p. m.; proceeded down the Williamsburg road one mile below Moody's Store; learned from scouts sent out from the Ninth Regiment, Chambliss' brigade, that there were no Yankees in that direction nearer than the White House, where there were two divisions of Warren's Fifth Army Corps. A prisoner in the hands of a detachment of the Navy Battalion informed me that the two divisions spoken of were only waiting transportation down the Pamunkey to join General Grant. Finding this section of the country thoroughly scouted and being unable to gain further information, I struck off to the right by the Prospect road, which leads from the Williamsburg to the Long Bridge road; distance from one to the other of these roads is abot for miles. I struck the Long Bridge road immediately at Wright's Store and one mile and a half above Long Bridge. here I learned from a citizen of the close proximity of two squads of Yankees, one above and one below the junction of the two roads. I divided the command, placing Lieutenant Redford in command of twelve men, and, taking eight myself, proceeded in the direction indicated. Lieutenant Redford came upon and captured seven men with arms, &amp;c. The parties I came upon turned out to be six men commanded by a sergeant of the Ninth Virginia Regiment Cavalry, Chambliss' brigade, scouting. I then returned by Long Bridge and Williamsburg road without hearing anything further of importance other than nearly the entire army of Grant crossed Long Bridge.

Respectfully submitted.

J. R. MICHELL,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Detachment.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BATTALION CAVALRY,June 14, 1864.

Brigadier General G. W. C. LEE:

GENERAL: I most respectfully forward the report of Lieutenant J. R. MHAYWARD,

Captain, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS LOCAL DEFENSE,Meadow Station, June 14, 1864-10.20 p. m.

This report is from an officer sent to learn the truth of a report that the enemy's infantry were three miles below Bottom's Bridge and is

