
men, and is now supporting themout of his own means. He is zealously devoted to the cause, and intends to uniform his men at

his own expense. Some of them are at Harper's Ferry, some here. If you can enable him to concentrate them it will be very desirable.

Yours, faithfully,

FRAS. J. THOMAS.

[2.]

RICHMOND, May 23, 1861

L. P. WALKER:

Richmond and Alexandria, large majority for ratification. Vote against trifling. Commissioners interview Russell, London, 5th. De Russy, Louisiana regiment, proceeded to Yorktown to-day; Bonham to Manassas.

D. G. DUNCAN.

[2.]

ABINGDON, VA., May 23, 1861.

The PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

I am raising troops by companies rapidly, as authorized by your telegram. It is all important to muster them into service as they join. Give me all necessary authority you judge best. Time is important.

John B. FLOYD.

[2.]

NORFOLK, May 23, 1861.

Colonel FRANCIS H. SMITH:

I thank you for the early intimation you give me that I will be superseded in my command by Brigadier-General Huger. My resignation is sent forward by telegraph to the Governor. I shall leave here to-morrow at 6.30 a. M. leaving my command in charge of Colonel Withers, of the Alabama regiment.

WALTER GWYNN.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES.

Richmond, Va., May 23, 1861

Colonel JURAL A. EARLY.

Commanding, Lynchburg, Va.:

COLONEL: In reply to your letter of 21st instant, I am instructed by the general commanding to say that he has no light artillery at present for Captains Jordan's and Hupp's companies, and it is very difficult to say when field batteries can be prepared for them, if at all; but if it be satisfactory to them he canorder one of them to the heavy batteries on Jametown Island, and the othe rto those on Craney Island, Norfolk. If these propositions be not acceptable to them and they decline to serve as infantry, you are authorized to muster them out of service. He desires you to send the cavalry companies from Campbell, Bedford, Roanoke, Botetourt, and Craig Counties to Colonel Cocke, as also the infantry companies, whether there be a sufficient number to organize a regiment or not.

I am, &amp;c.,R. S. GARNETT.

Adjutant-General.

[2.]

