
George County. The atmosphere is too hazy to see from where we are (Dunn's house, Chesterfield County) to-day. About thirty minutes after crossing they were seen moving from below Spring Hill on the Broadway road, seemingly in the direction of Petersburg.

W. S. LANGHORNE,

Signal Corps, Dunn's House, Chesterfield County, Va., Pickett's Right.

[40.]

WHITEHEAD'S HOUSE, June 23, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Captain PEARCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A long train of wagons, with bodies of cavalry interposed, have passed and are still passing along the enemy's front at Cobb's, going toward Point of Rocks. About twenty wagons have passed and are still passing.

CANNON,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

[40.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS,June 24, [1864.]

[Colonel W. H. TAYLOR?:]

COLONEL: Mahone had better luck than I reported to you last night. After I left him he caused Perry's little Florida brigade to make a detour, and 600 prisoners, including 28 officers, is the result. I do not undeerstand the morning's operations yet. Has fallen through, I suppose. Have stopped Mahone. Mahone's men have been without sleep now two nights.

Respectfully,

A. P. HILL,

Lieutenant-General.

[40.]

JUNE 29, [1864]-3.40 p. m.

General R. E. LEE,

Petersburg:

I turned the enemy's left flank to-day. Heard Mahone attacking immediately after. The enemy were completely routed. I pursuing, capturing wagons, ambulances, artillery, caissons, negroes, and prisoners to a very large degree. I am now four miles from Reams' Station on the old Stage road leading to Brunswick Court-House. I think it would be advisable to send down some force to gather up the captured property, as I have no time or force to spare for that purpose.

Most respectfully,

FITZ. LEE,

Major-General.

[40.]

NEW MARKET, June 30, 1864 - 9 a. m.

General R. E. LEE:

(Care of General Bragg, Richmond.)

My troops are now passing through this place. They are in fine condition and spirits, ttheir health greatly improved. We will have no difficulty about supplies. The wheat and grass crops in the Valley from Salem to this place are very fine and abundant; but little damaged by the enemy. They are now being secured, and to facilitate that

