
KANAWHA COURT-HOUSE, May 23, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General of Forces, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Having just made a reconnaissance of the Lower Kanawha, I have the honor to report that there are at Buffalo five companies comprising about 350 men. In the adjacent counties there are six or eight companiesin process of formation, and nearly ready to be mustered into service. Probvably we may count within the ensuing two or three weeks fifteen or sixteen companeis of average strenght. Of these two will be cavalry and the others infantry, with perhaps one artillery. This whole county is destitute of every species of fabric suitable for uniform clothing, and I have beenobliged this day to draw upon Lewisburg for blankets. For reasons which have been well consdiered (and which I will state in detail, if desired, in a future letter) I have concluded to establish the second camp at the mouth of Coal River, twelve miles below this place. It is not se near the Ohio as Barboursville, but has many advantages of locality and convenience that do not appertain to Barboursville. Beyond these considerations I have been influenced by the remarkable manifestations of thepopular mind as exhibited on every occasion whenever the occupation of the country in the vicnity of the frontier has been discussed or prposed. The people do not renouce allegiance to the State, but declare their preference for the Union. I beg leave respectfully to remind the general-in-chief that this command has not even a regimental staff, and that the duties have been most faithfully performed by persons hereinafter named, and whom I earnestly recommend for appointment, viz: Nicholas Fitzhugh, quartermaster; John Dryden, assistant commissary of subsistence; J. F. Watkins, M. D., surgeon; Thompson L. Snmith, chaplain. The above are gentlemen of well-established ability and character in this community and it would seem but right that appointments of this nature should be made from the section of the country mostly concerned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. Q. TOMPKINS.

Colonel of Virginia Volunteers, Commanding Kanawha Valley.

P. S. - At the end of the month I will forward the required return of all the forces in this region of the State.

[2.]

RICHMOND, May 24, 1861

L. P. WALKER:

General Bonham has under his command at Manassas Junction and Culpeper Court-House, including Colonel Gregg's and Colonel Kershaw's South Carolina, regiments, about 3,000 men. Operator there says preparations rapidly being made to repulse attack by large force.

D. G. DUNCAN.

[2.]

RICHMOND, May 24, 1861

L. P. WALKER:

Telegraph office here has information from Manassas Junction via Lynchburg of the occupation of Alexandria this a. M. 5,000 Federal

