
dispatches sent by me be allowed for the present, as the dates would enable the enemy to know how near I am to Richmond. I send to-day ten stand of colors captured by General Mahone on the 22nd ultimo; and as that is a matter of public interest, should any reference be made to it in the papers I trust that you will see that my name is not mentioned in connection with it. I think it wouldd be advsable to caution the papers on this subject, as an imprudence on their part might defeat all efforts at concealment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[40.]
HEADQUARTERS,July 10, 1864-9 p. m.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Your letter of this date has just been received, and in accordance with you directions I have ordered my division to move to Rowanty Creek in the morning. From the purport of your letter, I fear that my dispatch informing you of the dispositions made to carry out your order to establish a new picket-line was misunderstood. Your order of the 7th to establish this line was received on the 8th, when the inclosed order* to Colonel Wright was issued in verbal instructions to him. I told him to communicate with General Fity. Lee, and to establish his line as soon as General Lee notified him to do so. I wrote to General Lee, telling him of these instructions and asking him to let Colonel Wright know when he was ready to take up the line. Colonel Wright and Major Farley moved out on the 8th, and Colonel Wright sent at once to Lee's Mill, by my orders, to communicate with General Lee. As you will see by his notte, he did not find any of our pickets there. I am thus particular, because I feared from the tenor of your last dispatch that you inferred that my portion of the new line had not been taken up in time, or that Major-General lee had waited for me iin order to establish his portion of it. Wright is camped at the railroad bridge over the Rowanty and his pickets extend to the east of the railroad. I did not move the other brigades to that place bedause of the scarcity of water, the want of all forage, and the very unfavorable character of the ground for camping purposes. I doubt very much whether we shall be able to obtain water for the men. My headquarters will be near the Rowanty Creek, and as soon as they are established you shall be advised of their precise location. Colonel Wright is charged with the execution of your order in reference to the trains, and he is instructed to let me know if he needs any assistance.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

[40.]

RICHMOND, VA., July 15, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Petersburg, Va.:

Marshal Kane telegraphs from Staunton to-day, upon the authority of a gentleman who left Baltimore on the 8th instant, that all the steam-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

