
that these men, several hundred in number, were thus relieved from military duty to perform what can be done by slave labor. I now speak from the facts. The order of Heroes of America musters very strongly in Randolph County, from which most of these salt makers come, and they have assocciated with them large numbers of armed deserters. My information from Randolph County is that if arrests are made they will rebel. They are instructed if spoken to on polittics to advocate the election of Vance to disarm suspicion. This organization should be put down. At any rate, the establushment in my lines and only six miles from the city ought to be broken up or entirely reorganized. If necessary to the State, and I have no doubt they are, let the proper number of brave and loyal soldiers of North Carolina be detailed on the work, or trustworthy militia of the State, and then, instead of proving, as now, dangerous, it will add to my defense and coast guard. There is no difficulty and but little difference of opinion in this matter between myself and Governor Vance, and I am satisfied everuthing will be placed on a proper footing as soon as the election is over.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

NEAR PETERSBURG, VA., August 8, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the War Department.

Attention is called to Major-General Whiting's plan for correcting the evil complained of by him.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

[40.]

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 64. Richmond, August 10, 1864.

I. The following Roll of Honor iis published, in accordance with paragraph 1, General Orders, Numbers 131 (1863). It will be read to every regiment in the service at the first dress parade after its receipt.

* * *

(Battle of Brandy Station.)

Baker's brigade: Major J. B. Neal, quartermaster; Captain James L. Gaines, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant R. T. Fulgham, aide-de-camp.

* * *

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[27.]

PETERSBURG, VA., August 10, 1864.

General WADE HAMPTON,

Stony Creek:

It Sheridan's command has gone, move at once with all your division (exclusive of Dearing) north of James River. General Lee will relieve your pickets. Call at headquarters for orders.

R. E. LEE,

General.

[42.]

