
We drove them out of one line of works and they retired to another near Riddell's Shop. The lateness of the hour prevented any decisive operations there. Butler came back to Bear Swamp, where he now is, and my headquarters will bee to-night at Savage Station. I shall move fartther back to the right to-morrow if the condition of affairs is unchanged. General William H. F. Lee made a very handsome and successful fight yesterday. He drove the enemy two miles and a half, killing many and capturing 110 prisoners, representing two brigades of infantry, in addition to Gregg's division of cavalry. I have not witnessed a more gallant affair with our cavalry this campaign than the one of yesterday. The line as at present held by the cavalry is very bad for them, on account of the scarcity of water. If it is possible to cover their main approaches with infantry, s o as to allow the cavalry to concentrate on the right, I think it would be best to do so. The horses need rest and grazing. A battery has been sent to me, but as it is not mounted it cannot keep up with the cavalry. Your note of 11.30 has just been received. From the position occupied by the enemy, I think no attack from this direction would be decisive in its results unless the infantry on the right could attack at the same time, so as to dislodge the enemy from the line near Whittlock's house, on Long Bridge road. Iif we drive them from Riddell's Shop they will only swing back toward Willis Church, whilst they mihgt move more rapidly by a cross-road and strike the Charles City road in my rear. I would suggest that a demonstration be made on the Charles City road, whilst a real attack is made on the Long Bridge road, below Riddell's Shop, by Butler, and one on my right by the infantry. We could converge toward the shop, and I think the enemy would be forced back. I am trying now to obtain the information you desire. The cavalry was reported last evening on the extreme right. I hear of no change this morning.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

[42.]
HEADQUARTERS W. H. F. LEE'S CAVALRY DIVISION,ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

August 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: In the absence of General Lee at the front, I have the honor to inform you that Mr. Isaac Custis, one of our best scouts, has just returned and states that he went last night within the enemy's lines at Yellow Taern; conversed with them, hoing near General Crawford's headquarters about Yellow Tavern, and General Warren's near Blick's, passing through their camps of infantry and those of reserve ordnance of Fifth and Ninth Corps; that the reserve artillery of Fifth Corps is near yellow Tavern that of the Ninth is higher up the railroad; that their fortifications extend through Farley's, and on the railroad half a mile above Still's. Below the last point to Wyatt's Crossing the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry is picketing. That at Slater's they were cuting and hauling logs; that there were no fortifications running east of the railroad, up to 3 o'clock this morning, but that the District of Columbia Cavalry are picketing on Gary's Church road toward Wood's Shop; their lines as before, by Lee's Mill and Wells' Station; that, up to this morning and as far as he knows, there is no cavalry force but that of Kautz. He talked with soldiers of the Sixth Corps

