
duties are "necessary to the due administration of the laws" which they will not execute.

Given under my hand and the great seal of the State at Raleigh, this 24th day of Augusta, 1864.

Z. B. VANCE.

[42.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS LANE'S BRIGADE, Numbers 21. September 9, 1864.

The following communications are published to the brigade not only as an act due to the distinguished merit of their gallant recipient, but with the hope that it may encourage officers and men to emulate this noble example:
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,September 7, 1864.

GENERAL: I have honor to ackonwledge the receipt of the report of Major T. J. Wooten, commanding the skirmishers from Lane's brigade, containing an account of his surprise orf the enemy's vedettes at the Davis house and the attendant captures. The lieutenant-general commanding desieres that you will congratulate Major Wooten for him upon his handsome success, and to assure him that he highly appreciates the activity, ability, and gallantry which he has displayed in his present responsible position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. STARKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WILCOX'S LIGHT DIVISION,September 7, 1864.

MAJOR: The major-general commanding desiires me to express his gratification in transmiting the inclosed letter from Major Starke, assistant adjutant-gneral, Third Army Corps, conveying the congratulations of Lieutenant-General Hill to you upon your handsome capture of the enemy's vedettes at the Davis house, and also to acknowledge his own appreciation not only of this affair, but of the valuable services rendered by you and the gallant officers and men under you command during the arduous campaign of the last four months.

I am, major, very respectfully,

JOS. A. ENGELHARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LANE'S BRIGADE,September 9, 1864.

Major T. J. WOOTEN,

Commanding Corps of Sharpshooters:

MAJOR: The brigadier-general commanding feels a proud pleasure in transmitting to you the congratulatory notes of Lieutenant-General Hill and Major-General Wilcox. And while he adds to these well-earned compliments his own hearty congratulation upon the brilliant accomplishment of your well-conceived purpose, he rejoices that you have furnished him this fitting opportunity formally to thank you and your gallant command for the steady performanceof every duty, whether of dangerous enterprise or laborious watching, which has distingushed your action since the campaign opened.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

E. J. HALE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

By command of Brigadier General J. H. Lane:

E. J. HALE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[42.]

PETERSBURG, VA., September 10, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Wilmington, N. C.:

Are there any guns not required at Wilmington suitalbe for defense of James River?

R. E. LEE.

[42.]

