
running the blockade to escape them, and that the public interest would be the better served by retaining them for the defense of the place. These suggestions have in my opinion much weight and meet my decided approval. Should they meet the approval of your judgment, I eearnestly request that you will use your influence to have them carried into effect.

With sentiments of much respect, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

[42.]

OCTOBER 4, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

The Chickamauga did not go to sea last night. I have had no reply to my urgent request to stop that vessel. Please to let me hear. I shall notify officers in command not to leave port until I can hear. This matter has already lost us many valuable supplies and will more.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[42.]
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, N. C., October 4, 1864.

His Excellence GOVERNOR VANCE,

Raleigh:

SIR: There are several matters to which you allude in your letter of the 28th* entirely independent of those personal to myself, which satisfy me tthat you have been seriously imposed upon by information received as to my administration here. For the first time I am informed that "citizens have been shot down wantonly in the streets by my patrols." There has been no such case. As to the trains, which you complain of as being frequently seized, you should not attribute this to me. I never interfere with the railroaad except upon the direct and special order of the War Department, and in each and every case where any railroad transportation has been taken in this command, it has been done on orders from Richmond. With regard to the salt-works, we are at issue, but only as to the mode and place of suply. Borth my correspondence and action were indorsed by my commanding generals, and still your salt-works are permitted to go on, though I am well satisfied of their prejudicial effect now as ever, of the disloyalty of the operatives, of their constant communication with the enemy, who land nightly and prowl even to the vicinity of the city. Put yourself in my situation, held responsible not only by generaous people but the whole country, and satisfied that near your capital tthere was a dangerous and disloyal organization carried on by men who ought to be in the ranks, especially when the old and young were called out, I really don't think you would hesitate long in your line of action. Your boats have been prohibited in the sound, because all boats are dangerous there. I would not trouble the salt-worrks if I had any troops at all, and I never did white the War Department kept a proper force here. Since Martin's and Clingman's brigades have been taken away, the enemy are constantly coming in and constantly receiving information. The newspapers which reach them they get every other day, and only one day old.

---------------

*See VOL. XLII, Part II, p. 1299.

---------------

