
RICHMOND, VA., October 24, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Wilmington, N. C.:

Your telegram of the 22nd received.* Copy was sent to General Lee, as his action would be necessary in relation to veteran troops. I mentioned to him the view heretofore expressed to you in regard to the exchange of some regiments. In the event mentioned yhou will call on General Holmes for re-enforcements of reserves and on General Hardee for any assistance he can render you. It would be well for you to correspond with General Lee in relation to those garrisons in North Carolin from which you might draw detachments.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[42.]

RICHMOND, VA., October 24, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Wilmington, N. C.:

The naval vessels in the harbor could avail nothing against a land attack and very little against an attack by vessels of war. Their presence in the harbor no doubt increases the rigors of the blockade, and their departure for operations at sea would probably withdraw the most effective vessels of the blockading fleet for pursuit of the cruisers. If this view of the subject be correct, it would seem that their use would be greater as cruisers than otherwise. The Secretary of the Navy will communicate with you more fully.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[42.]
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,October 29, 1864.

T. H. CARTER,

Acting Chief of Artillery:

COLONEL: I wish to express to the officers and men of the artillery my high appreciation of their good conduct and gallantry at Winchester, Fisher's Hill, and on the 19th instant near Middletown. I had occason to observe their conduct in person on all these occasions, and I take pleasure in bearing this testimony to their gallantry and devotion to duty in all these actions fought at these places. The strictures contained in my address of the 22nd are not applocable to your command.

Respectfully,

J. A. EARLY,

Lieutenant-General.

[43.]
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, November 1, 1864.

To His Excellency Governor VANCE,

Raleigh:

SIR: I have received, through Mr. McPheeters, the copy of the reply of the President + to your request that the expedition of the Tallahassee and the Chickamauga should be stopped. I have not in any way

---------------

*See VOL. XLII, Part III, p. 1160.

+See Davis to Vance, VOL. XLII, Part III, p. 1162.

---------------

