
changed or modified any of the opinions I have held as to that expedition and am very sorry to have to inform you that it has been permitted to proceed, both vessels having left this port.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[42.]

[Inclosures, Pendleton to Seddon, November 8, 1864, VOL. XLII, Part III, marked in foor-notes, PAGEs 1205, 1206, "Not found."]

Abstract of a bill to organize the artillery of the Confederate States.

Be it enacted, &amp;c.:

I. Any number of field batteries not exceeding six, the usual number expected to be four, constituted and officered as now authorized by law, may, by the Secretary of War, or by the authority of general commanding armies in the field, be grouped into battalions, and such battalions shall, when formed, be regarded as duly established organizations. Any battery of one battalion of his command may, however, be, at the discretion of a commanding general, transferred to another.

II. Each battalion thus organized shall be entitled to the following officers, to be appointed on recommendation of the commanding general, viz: One colonel or lieutenant-colonel, and one major; one adjutant and one ordnance officer, each with the rank of first lieutenant; one quartermaster and commissary, with the rank of captain; one chaplain; one surgeon and one assistant surgeon. Each battalion shall also be entitled to the same non-commissioned staff as is allowed by law to a regiment of cavalry, to be appointed by the battalion commander.

Provided, however, That for a battalion of more than four batteries there may be an additional field officer, and for one of less than four batteries the commander may be of less rrank than above designated. And provided also, That any field or staff officer above mentioned my be transferred by a commanding general, at his discretion, to or from any artillery battalion in his command.

III. A general commanding an army may at his discretion organize in his command larger bodies of artillery, to be conveniently designated as divisions, and tto consist of two or three battalions. Each division to be commanded by a colonel, who shall be entitled to an adjutant with the rank of captain and an aide with the rank of first lieutenant.

IV. The battalions or divisions of artillery attached to each army corps or army or department, when amounting to four battalions, comprising fifty pieces or more, shall constitute a briigade, to be commanded by a brigadier-general of artillery, with the staff that is or may be allowed by law to each brigade of cavalry.

V. The artillery of an army when comprising two or more brigades shall be commanded by a general of superior rank to a brigadier-general, with a staff suchas is provided by law for cavalry or other generals of like grade.

VI. All promotions in the artillery above the rank of captain shall be by selection.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS,October 29, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the views of the commanding general.

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

