
and six companies have two, so that there can be no inequality in the opportunity for promotion in the several arms due to that cause. The proposed change from a battery to a battalion organization, prescribed by law, seems to me to promise no good, but to threaten some evil. If more officers of any grades be needed, provision can be made for them as readily upon the one unit as the other, and selections of field officers can be made when the battery is the highest organization withoutthe impediments which would result from the battalion or regimental organization.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[Inclosure.]

Memorandum of a bill for the organization and command of field artillery in the C. S. service.

I. Consolidations of artillry companies heretofore effected under necessities of the service, with sanction of the War Department, are hereby recognized, and similar consolidations when deemd necessary in future authorized. The officers remaining attached to the companies resulting shall be entitled to opportunity of promotion according to date of commission.

II. Artillery field officers may be appointed by the President for battalions formed by authority of the War Department in such number and of such rank as may be approved by the commanding generals, so as to allow one major to command a battalion of two batteries, a colonel or lieutenant-colonel, aided by a major, to command a battalion of three or four batteires, and a colonel, aided by a leiutenant-colonel an dmajor, or by two majros, to command a battalion of vie or six batteries. Such officers to be assigned to duty in an army at the discretion of its commanding general.

III. Such battalions of artillery shall be entitled to a non-commissioned staff, similar to those of cavalry regiments, to be appointed by the battalion commanders, the members of this staff in each case to revert to their original position should it be deemed necessary to disolve the battalion.

IV. General officers of artillery may be appointed by the President in such number and of such rank as commanding generals may recommend and the War Department approve, so as to allow a major-general to command the artillery of an army when it contains as many as 160 guns, and a brigadier to command that of an army corps, or of a department, when it contains as many as sixty-four guns.

V. Promotions in the artillery above the rank of captain shall in all cases be by selection.

[42.]

RALEIGH, November 16, 1864.

General BRAGG,

Wilmington:

I learn with surprise that you have seized my salt hands and refuse to permit [them] to return to sound to remain. This is altogether different treatment from what I expected, and I inform you candidly I shall resist by every means in my power. These hands are not subject to conscrpition by the laws of our State.

Z. B. VANCE.

[42.]

