
seek elsewhere (in the interior) for supplies, not limiting efforts to District of Cape Fear. You know the powers of a commanding general to meet the immediate wants of his army.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[42.]

RICHMOND, VA., December 30, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Petersburg, Va.:

If circumstances permit, would be glad to confer personally with you at this place.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[42.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., December 31, 1864.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: I have just received your letter of the 20th instant, stating that in response to my request through Major Hoge you have ordered all the bacon you have at the island and one-half of the quantity onhand in North Carolina to be transferred to this Department. This liberality on your part is highly appreciated and gratefully acknowledged by me. Your generous response to my appeal proves I did not err in belief that you would cheerfully lend from the stores accumulated by you supplies greatly needed for the support of the army. It is hoped the interruption of railroad transportation will be temporary and that the commissariat will soon be in a condition to replace what has been so promptly and cheerfully tendered as a loan.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[42.]

WILMINGTON, December 31, 1864.

[Colonel WILLIAM LAMB:]

MY DEAR COLONEL: I send you with this, and I take great pleasure in doing so, a copy of a letter sent by the general, last evening, to General Bragg. This is nothing more than you deserve. I hope your gallant command is well.

Yours, very truly,

JAS. H. HILL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

This letter, of course, is a separate thing from his report of your command, its conduct, &amp;c.

J. H. H.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. THIRD MIL. DIST., DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, December 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. ANDERSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Department of North Carolina:

COLONEL: I respectfully request the general commanding to forward as early as possible, to the President, the following extract from my

