
to Grant or Sherman. Perhaps it may be intended to operate against Wilmington. I have had a report that Powell's division of cavalry had gone to Petersburg, but I do not think it can be so. It has probably been sent west along the railroad to prevent any interruption of it. I will send Fitz. Lee's division of cavalry to you if you can feed it. I wish you would get the Secretary of War to revoke the exemption granted McNeill's company from the operation of the act abolishing partisan rangers. This command has refused to acknowledge Major Gilmor's authority, whom I have found it necessary to send to Hardy to take charge of McNeill's and Woodson's companies and the remnant of his own battalion. One of my princiapl objects in this was that he might cut the railroad and impede the passage of troops over it, and this has been thwarted by the refusal of these companies to acknowledge his authority. The fact is that all those independent organizations, not excepting Mosby's, are injurious to us, and the occasional dashes they make do not compensate for the disorganization and dissatisfaction produced among the other troops.

Very respectfully,

J. A. EARLY,

Lieutenant-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 3, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the honorable Secretary of War, with the request that the exemption granted the command of McNeill from the operation of the law abolishing partisan rangers be revoked for the reasons stated by Lieutenant-General Early.

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Second indorsement.] ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, February 18, 1865.

Respectfully submitted to the honorable Secretary of War.

This is one of the organizations excepted from the operations of the act of February 17, 1864, by the Secretary of War.

By order, &amp;c.:

John BLAIR HOGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

No action.

By order, &c.:

SAML. W. MELTON.

[46.]

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, February -, 1865.

His Excellency Governor SMITH:

DEAR SIR: Your letter, in answer to mine inclosing a resolution of the General Assembly of this State in relation to the subject of the transportation of salt, has been received, covering statement of Mr. J. N. Clarkson, superintendent, &c. The General Assembly was on point of adjourning when it was read, and therefore could take no action in

