
of the batteries named, which I propose to purchase in Richmond after the batteries are sent over. I regret exceedingly my absence when you called on me in Richmond. I was particularly anxiuos to have seen you and to talk over with you matters of interest to both the Tates of Virginia and North Carolina. Two of our volunteer regiments have gone forward to Richmond. The Third Regiment Volunteers will leave in a day or two and the Fourth is in rapid progress of organization. In the meantime ten regiments, of State troops, enlisted for the war, are fittin out, and it is probable two of them will go forward in two weeks or ten days. We have been in daily expectation of receiving from Virginia such of the machinery from Harper's Ferry as will enable us to proceed to manufacture small-arms. We could do it in two months from reciept of the machinery. So important is it that a free transit should be kept open between our port at Beaufort and the city of Norfolk that our attention has been turned to the defense of our intents and the sounds. We hope to complete those defenses very soon. My weak state of health precludes me from saying much that I would desire to have added.

I am, general, with much esteem, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN W. ELLIS.

[1.]

SPECIAL ORDERS. ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE. No. 59. Montgomery, May 25, 1861.

* * * *

IV. Colonel Mott's regiment of Mississippi Volunteers (Pope Water Legion) ordered to rendezvous at Oxford, Miss., will, as soon as it is organized and prepared, proceed at Richmond, Va., and report to Major-General Lee.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WHITHERS.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES. Numbers 119. Richmond, May 25, 1861.

1. Colonel R. E. Withers' regiment of Virginia Volunteers will proceed by railroad to-morrow at such hour as the railroad officers may appoint with the quartermaster's department, to Manassas Junction and report for duty to Brigadier-General Bonham.

2. The Second Regiment of Tennessee Volunteers, under Colonel Bate, will proceed by railroad to-morrow, at such hour as the railroad officers may appoint with the quartermaster's department, to Fredericksburg and report to Colonel Ruggles for service under his command. Upon their arrival, Colonel Ruggles will send to Manassas Junction to rejoin their regiment the two companies of the First Regiment of Virginia Volunteers now under his command.

3. The Second Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers, under Colonel Williams will proceed by railroad to-morrow, at such hour as the railroad officers may appoint with the quartermaster's department, to Norfolk and report for service under the command of Brigadier-General Huger.

