
transportation. I do not say this to injure my friend ColonelMyers, but to benefit the service. We haveno doubt by our sucess here achieved "glory" for our country, but I am fighting for something more real and tangible, i. e., to save our homes and firesides from the polluting hands of a ruthless invader, and to maintain our freedom and independence as a nation. After that task shall have been accomplished I shall then, I hope, retire to my home, if my means will permit, never again to leave it, unless for the purpose of repelling again the same or another foe. I am only fit for a private life.

With much respect, I remain, dear sir, sincerely your friend and servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

P. S.-I return the telegram sent me in your letter of the 30th ultimo; the flour referred to therein was to be delivered on the 30th. Some of the troops had only fresh beef; others not even that, for it was not always immediately available, and at this time of the year not to be kept over a few hours. Some of the brigades here have over 1,000 sick, due, the physicians say, partly to bad bread (for they cannot make it themselves) and to bad fresh beef, many of the troops eating at home only salt provisions and corn bread. I send also the copy of a telegram I had orderedthe chief commissary to send you on the 23rd instant, which possibly may not have reached you.

G. T. B.

[2.]

CENTERVILLE, November 22, 1861.

To the PRESIDENT:

SIR: I had the honor to-day to receive your letter of the 18th instant,* having been in the neighborhood of dumfrid, and just returned. Brigadier-General French is now moving the three guns which were in battery at North Point, at least three-quarters of a mile from the next battery, to Cockpit Point. The only advantage I can perceive in the new location is in the height and steepness of the bank, which will render the battery safe on the water side except from shot. It seems to me no less lialbe to bombardment than Evansport. If I understood Brigadier-Generals Whiting and French, the guns in the other two batteries are to remain. I apprehend little from the fire of mortars or rifled cannon across the river. Our guns may bedismounted, however, like those at Port Royal. I regard the force here as a minimum. That of Brigadier-General Whiting, eleven regiments, amounts probably to 9,000 men. His own brigade of about 3,000 is equal to any in the Confederacy. These troops and Hampton's Legion are too weak to observe the Occoquan and prevent the landing of a Federal army on our shore of the Potomac, and I am unable to increase it. That country, however, is full of good positions. Should theenemy land near Evansport and threaten General Holmes, General Whiting will be ready to fall upon his rear. It seems tome more probable, however, that to operate against General Holmes he will land near him. His great advantage over us is the being able to move on the water while we struggle through deep mud. Should the enemy land near Evansport it will probably be to attack our batteries in rear. By choosing a point near the mouth of the Occoquan, the troops landing might be re-enforced by others crossing at Colchester. Should such

---------------

*See VOL. V, p. 963.

---------------

