
4. The staff departments will take measures to supply the wants of these troops for the execution of their orders.

By order of Major-General Lee:

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

[2.]

MANASSAS JUNCTION, May 25, 1861-8.45 p. M.

Major General ROBERT E. LEE.

Commander-in-Chief Virginia Forces:

SIR: Brigadier-General Bonham, having been ordered to assume command of the "Line of Alexandria," passed my headquarters en route to Manassas Junction on Wednesday, 22nd isntant, at 12 m. On the morning of the 23rd we ascertained that the enemy had entered and occupied Alexandria in force, and that Colonel Terrett had effected his troop of cavalry, captured by the enemy. I immediately upon the knowledge of these facts telegraphed to General Bonham, sending a description and enumeration of all the available forces as this place under my command, and stating that I would await his orders in regard to forwarding them to his support. On the same day and evening of that day General Bonham by telegraph requested me to send forwrad all the effective troops. Accordingly two troops of cavalry were put in march for Manassas, whilst six companies of infantry (other companies of this command not being equipped and ready for active service) were held in readiness awaiting transportation by the railroad. One train was procured from Manassas, and at 4.30 a. M. 24th instant I departed myself with the first detachment, three companies of infantry, Colonel Strange's regiment, taking with me Assistant Adjutant-General Jones, Lieutenant-Colonel Jordan, Lieutenant-Colonel Ewell, Captain Harris, of the engineers, and his assistant, Mr. John Grant. I reached Manassas 7.30 a. M. 25th instant. Three other companies of infantry being obliged to wait for transportation came up to Manassas in the afternoon of the same day. The two troops of cavalry which had marched via Warrenton Springs reached Manassas the same evening. I was thus enabled to carry promptly forward to the support of General Bonham all the available and efficient force from this post. Upon reaching that post I had supposed I might be assigned to some command or duty there, especially if the enemy were expected to make an immediate attack. In this latter case I should have at least the command of Colonel Strange's battalion, which I had carried with me; but I had no regiment of my own, and being ranked by Colonel Terrett, I could have nothing more than a major's command at that post, and of the troops carried down by me, and of which nevertheless, I would gladly hae remained in command had I been allowed to do so by General Bonham. But the general determined otherwise and the same evening expressed to me his desire that I should return to my headquarters and resume the work of rallying and organizing forces, and forwarding the same to his relief. He seemed to think it also important that three should be (in time) gathered here a strong reserve, or supporting body of men; and I was therefore directed to proceed by train the same night to my headquarters at Culpeper Court-House. No extran train could be procured, and I was obliged to wait for the regular 8 o'clock train of the next morning, the 26th instant.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PHILIP ST. GEORGE COCKE.

Colonel, Virginia Volunteers, Commanding.

[2.]

