
RICHMOND, June 21, 1864-7.50 p. m.

General R. E. LEE;

The following dispatch just received from General Hampton:

Sheridan crossed Pamunkey last night. I move to Bottom's Bridge. Please inform General Lee.

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.

[40.]

JUNE 21, 1864.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR:

COLONEL: Colonel Gary, commanding the cavalry of this department, reports a pontoon bridge across the James, below the mouth of Bailey's Creek, opposite Sweeney's farm. Colonel Maury, commanding at Chaffin's Bluff, reports on authority of Major Stark that the enemy in "heavy force" are intrenching at Gorver's, near Deep Bottom. I presume Brigadier General G. W. C. Lee has reported these facts. I learn also of increased numbers of the enemy's vessels about Curl's Neck. In view of these reports and facts, an increase of force on this side of the river may be necessary. General Wade Hampton thinks an important blow may be struck at the enemy near the White House and their gun-boats driven off if a brigade of infantry could be furnished. I have no forces in addition to those under Brigadier General C. Lee, except the Sixtieth Alabama, now at Bottom's Bridge, of whose position I have notified General C. Lee.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.

P. S.-General Pemberton has placed some field batteries toward Chaffin's Bluff and some heavy artillery soldiers armed as infantry to support them. General C. Lee suggests that Chabliss' cavalry be sent.

R. S. E.

[40.]

DARBY'S HOUSE, July 30, 1864-9 a. m.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding:

GENERAL: The enemy have retired from my front, east of Bailey's Run, and have recrossed the river. I have not heard from the west of the run, but suppose they have only their picket at Deep Bottom. I will move Heth and Conner at once nearer to Drewry's Bluff. I cannot hear of the enemy's cavalry on this side.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. ANDERSON,

Lieutenant-General.

[40.]
HEADQUARTERS,Petersburg, February 9, 1865.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States, Richmond:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I have to-day, in obedience to orders issued from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, entered upon the duties

---------------

*Probably in reply to Lee, of July 29, 11 o'clock, VOL. XL, Part III, p. 815.

---------------

