
CHARLESTON, April 15, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America, Montgomery, Ala.:

Copy telegram received at Charleston April 15, 1861, 1,30 p. m.:

GOLDSBOROUGH, April 15, 1861.

His Excellency Governor PICKENS:

HONORED SIR: To-day at 3,30 o'clock a volunteer corps under my command took possession of Fort Macon, and the flag of the Southern Confederacy now floats over it. Knowing that this intelligence will be welcome news to you, and hearing from my friend D. K. McRae that you had proffered int the way of guns of the large caliber, and being much in need of them, such aid would be most acceptable. We find but four guns mounted and but thirteen lying at the wharf, 32-pounders, making seventeen in all. The fort mounts seventy-odd. We intend that North Carolina shall occupy a true insteazd of false position, though it be done by revolution.

With consideration of the highest esteem, yours, &amp;c.,

J. S. PENDER,

Commandant of Fort Macon.

Refer to Colonel F. J. Moses. Please telegraph back if I can send assistance. I think I can and ought to spare a few pieces of cannon.

F. W. PICKENS.

[1.]

RICHMOND, VA., April 15, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America:

Mr. Randolph tells me the President informs the Virginia commisioners that the attack on Forth Sumter leaves him at liberty to reporssess himself of the Southern forts; that he will suspend the mails and means to collect the revenue. Much excutement. The Confederate flag flying all over Richmond.

EDWARD C. ANDERSON

[2.]

WASHINGTON CITY, April 15, 1861.

His Excellency Governor ELLIS,

Raleigh, N. C.:

The city is in a state of the wildest excetement. To-day President by his proclamation calls on the States for 75,000 troops, details to be fixed by War Department, to suppress the combinations in the seceding States and repossess the forts. Congress is convened to meet on 4th of July. It is said this city is to be placed immediately under matrial law by proclamation. U. S. troops continually coming here. The Virginia commissioners have gone, and are hopeless at to any adjustment. They will recommend the immediate secession of the State. It is said that the Confederate Congress will reassemble and war declared forthwith.

John H. WHEELER.

[1.]

D. G. DUNCAN, Montgomery:

Virginia in a blaze of excited indignation against Lincoln's proclamation. Ordinance secession be passed sure. Old North Carolina aroused.

PRITCHARD.

[1.]

