
PONY MOUNTAIN SIGNAL STATION,

October 10, 1863-2.30 p. m.

Captain NORTON:

A train of ten wagons is moving to our right aroung Clark's Mountain. Enemy show no signs of occupying their works between Raccon and Morton's Fords. Too smoky for extensive observations.

[29.]

CLARKE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 273-2/9. October 12, 1863.

Major-General Sedgwick will, in addition to his won corps, take command of the Fifth Corps and Buford's division of cavalry, and advance immediately to Brandy Station and take position on the heights there, driving in the enemy and holding the position. He will report his progress to the commanding general and also the force, position, and movements of the enemy.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,[29.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,

October 12, 1863.

This corps will move at once to Warrenton Junction in the following order: First Division, Second Division, Third Division. The trains will move in advance of the entire column in the order above named. The ambulances, with the exception of ten to each division, which will follow them, will move in advance. The artillery will move one-half between the First and Second Divisions, and one-half between the Second and Third Divisions. This movement is of the utmost importance and must be with the greatest dispatch.

By command of Major-General Newton:

C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEQRS. FIRST ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

October 14, 1863.

The corps will march at once to Centerville in the following order; First, Second Division leading; second, three batteries of artillery; third, First Division; fourth, four batteries; fifth, three brigades of the Third Division; sixth, ambulances; seventh, ammunition; eight, First Brigade, Third Division, rear guard. All the pioneers of the corps will at once be sent to report to General Robinson at the head of the column. Division commanders will throw out flankers and look to them constantly. The corps as far as Manassas will march on the north side of the railroad.

By command of Major-General Newton:

C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

