
will have their commands on the alert and be ready at a moment's notice for any emergency that may arise. Wagon trains will be moved at once and parked on the north or west side of the railroad, so that they may no inferfere with the movement of the First Corps, which will move up on the south and east side of the road during the night.

By command of Major-General French:

O. H. HART,

[29.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,

Catlett's, October 26, 1863.

The troops of this corps will be under arms at daylight to-morrow morning and ready to move at a moment's notice. Should an engagement become imminent, all teams, except ammunition, hospital stores, and ambulances, will proceed to Gainesville.

By command of Major-General French:

O. H. HART,

[29.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

WATERY MOUNTAIN, October 26, 1863.

Captain NORTON:

The force reported moving toward Bealeton Station has all passed. About one large regiment of cavalry or mounted infantry passed an open space little north of Rappahannock Station. About two regiment infantry passed fort on south side river, following cavalry, but think it halted at Rappahannock Station, as they did not pass opening north of river.

TAYLOR.

[29.]

WATERY MOUNTAIN SIGNAL STATION,

October 26, 1863-5.30 p. m.

Captain NORTON:

Enemy's camps between Brandy Station and Culpeper remain same. Smokes have just sprung up near Little Washington, indicating a small force of some kind in that direction.

TAYLOR,

[29.] Captain.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,October 27, 1863-2.15 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Auburn:

GENERAL: An aide-de-camp sent by me to the front has just returned. General Buford reports no enemy in front. He is at Bealeton. He has sent out a reconnoitering party which has not yet returned. The infantry force in fort yesterday was two brigades of Johnson's division; it has fallen back to Rappahannock Station.

W. H. FRENCH,

[29.] Major-General of Volunteers.

