
weapon when there was an order to proceed to a point where they would in all probability shortly meet the enemy. The companies of Captains Jordan and Hupphave elected to go to the heavy batteries on Jamestown and Craney Islands, and they will proceed to Richmond to-morrow and report to you.

Before the news was received of the occupation of Alexandria Colonel Radford had declared his preference for commanding the cavalry companies, and I therefore assigned Colonel Preston to the command of the infantry regiment which I sent off. There are four companies of cavalry here, one from Campbell, one from Bedford, one from Botetourt and one from Franklin, and they are very fine companies. They are all armed with sabers, the Franklin company having indifferent sabers of an old pattern. It also brought down sixty-three flint-lock pistols of the old pattern. These companies are, I expect, the best mounted cavalry companies in the State, and if they could be efficiently armed they would render fine service. I have directed them to get all the double-barrel shotguns they could. Are there any cavalry weapons or equipments which could be issued to them? Besides Captains Hupp's and Jordan's companies and Captain Whitlow's, there are now here four companies of infantry, mustered into the service from Franklin Floyd, Carroll, and Giles, and one from Pulaski not mustered. I understand there will be several more here in a day or two, and there are no tents or knapsacks for them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. EARLY,

Colonel of Volunteers.

[2.]

QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, VIRGINIA VOLUNTEERS,

Staunton, Va., May 26, 1861.

[Governor LETCHER:]

MY DEAR SIR: I inclose you the letters* of Major Turk, Colonel Christian, and my special messenger, Doctor Wayt. You will see from the letters that the expedition has proved a success. I have, in accordance with your dispatch by your aide, Colonel S. Bassett French, sent 500 shirts and 100 pairs of pants, and directed them to be issued and the captain of each company's receipt to be taken, specifying that the cost of same was to be deducted from the pay of the men. On yesterday I started the battalion cavalry, well armed, to Grafton. The Greenbrier Cavalry, a fine body of men, arrived to-day, and I send W. H. Peyton, esq., down to get army pistols, double-barrel shotguns, or single-barrel shotguns, to enable me to arm this company and send them at once to Grafton. I have nearly sabers enough and ten pairs of pistols and holsters and with the aid you can give me doubtless can arm them. I regret to report the desertion of ten men belonging to the Greenbrier Sharpshooters, Captain Brown, last night. I have sent after them, and hope to overtake them and bring them back. Major Turk and Colonel Christian went the very first men to Harper's Ferry, and when by the action of the convention, they were cut off, without a murmur, when I called on them to head the expedition to Grafton they, with James J. A. Trotter, James E. Carson, and Captain H. L. Opie, started and traveled night and day with the expedition and have succeeded. Allow me to urge upon Your Excellency that you appoint Colonels Turk, Christian, and Trotter to such positions as you can assign them in the volunteer service of the State in the northwest. Such services

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

