
NOVEMBER 8, 1863-6.55 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

The enemy are still in front, but it is so hazy that we cannot see how strong. I am ready to open, and will, as soon as the forg rises.

JOHN SEDGWICK,

[29.] Major-General.

NOVEMBER 8, 1863 - 10 a. m.

Major-General SEDGWICK:

Birney is ordered to Providence Church and is likely there. He is directed to communicate with you.

WM. H. FRECH,

[29.] Major-General.

]

NEAR REPPAHANNOCK STATION,

November 8, 1863.

Major J. C. DUANE,

Chief Enginner, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

We have built two pontoon bridges across the river at this point. In one of them we have four pontoons taken from the rebels. They are some of the boats we lost on the Chickahominy. I have no wagons or teams to take them from here when the bridges are removed.

I. SPUALDING,

[29.] Lieutenant-Colonel, Volunteer Enigneers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, Numbers 100. November 10, 1863.

The following disposition of troops will be made to protect the railroad as it is being constructed, and the wagon road over which supplies will be hauled. Brigadier-General Kenly, Third Division, will guard from Warrenton Junction to a point one mile toward Bealeton. Brigadier-General Robinson, Second Division, will guard one mile beyond Bealeton toward Rappahannock. Brigadier-General Cutler, First Division, will guard to Rappahannock Station. Strong parties will be posted on all roads running at right angles with the railroad, and so posted on either side as to resist an attack of small bodies of cavalry. They will throw out sufficient pickets to protect themselves. The pickets on guard must be posted to-day and should remain on for three days, and be regularly relieved thereafter. Each bridge on the railroad will have an independent guard, and each detachment for this purpose will be securely posted. If necessary artificial means must be had for the purpose. The troops remaining in camp will likewise be guarded against surprise.

By command of Major-General Newton:

C. KINGSBUTY, Jr.,

[29.] Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PONY MOUNTAIN SIGNAL STATION,

November 10, 1863.

Captain NORTON:

Enemy's camp smokes opposite the different fords from Rapidan Station to Springfellow's Ford. Between the latter and Morton's Ford

