
ought to be rewarded, and Turk is one of the most gallant men in the State. Your letter by Mr. Getty came to hand to-day, and I assure you I feel most highly complimented by the estimate you hold my services to my State, which I know far exceeds my merits. Colonel Echols has gone to Harper's Ferry, and leaves me in command here. I need aid and H. M. Bell, esq., has been assisting me. Give him an appointment and he will be able, as he has heretofore done, to give efficient aid to the State. Of his qualificatinos and high character I need not say one word to you, as you know him well.

Yours, truly,

M. G. HARMAN.

[2.]

NEW BERNE, N. C., May 26, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN W. ELLIS,

Raleigh, N. C.:

GOVERNOR: I find here some twenty barbette carriages, framed and partly framed, only requiring irons to make them complete and ready for the reception of the guns. I would very respectfully suggest that the irons for their completion be ordered immediately. If the raw materials could be had they could be manufactured here. I am hurrying on to Fort Macon. On my return which I expect I shall have to do in order to get a boat to make an examination of the sounds, I will send you a bill of the irons required, either manufactured or unmanufactured. I would respectfully advise the organization of an ordnance board without delay, to consist of one lieutenant-colonel and ten competent mechanics or suitable agents, to be appointed by the lieutenant-colonel for the purpose of manufacturing gun carriages, and who shall be charged with the whole business of receiving being accountable for and issuing and taking receipts for the same of all the arms and munitions of war. I observe great facilities for making wheelbarrows, the frames of many of which are already prepared. I observe, also, a large amount of lumber on hand, much suitable for making wagons. I advise that proper authority be given to the quartermaster's department to have a number of wagons and wheelbarrows made immediately. I would suggest that orders to be given to the various cotton factories in the State to manufacture a large amount of tent cloth, shirting, and ligh cassinette for soldiers' clothes. I would advise that assistant quartermaster and commissaries be appointed at the principal depots New Berne, Wilmington, and the different encampments, to be aided by details from the line of clerks, subalterns, non-commissioned officers, and privates, as many as be required, by the officer commanding the department or corps. I will report to you from time to time as I progress on my tour.

I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

WALTER GWYNN,

Brigadier-General.

[1.]

RICHMOND, May 27, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Norfolk, 9 a. M. 27th, - Five ships of war entered mouth of James River landing troops at Newport News.

Have just returned from Manassas Junction. General Bonham has 7,000 men there. Gregg's South Carolina regiment advanced seven

8 R R-VOL LI, PT II

