
ORDERS,] HDQRS. THIRD DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,

Meadow Bluff, W. Va., December 15, 1863.

The First and Second Brigades will move at 7 to-morrow morning on the Gauley road in the following order: First, First Brigade, Colonel R. B. Hayes; second, train; third, Second Brigade, Colonel C. B. White. Brigade commanders will see that the troops are kept wel closed and the flanks and rear carefully guarded. Before passing the intresection of the roads with the turnpike, the road on either side will be carefully reconnitered to prevent the possiblity of bushwhacking. So, also, in passing roads bordered by woods. Skirmishers must be invariably sent through to scour the woods before the head of the column enters the pass.

By order of Brigdier-General Scammon:

JAS. L. BOTSFORD,

[29.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 332. December 23, 1863.

* * * *

5. Pursuant to the instructions of the General-in-Chief, Brigadier General R. O. Tyler will report in person to Major General C. C. Augur, commanding Department of Washington.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. F. BARSTOW,[29.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,

December 23, 1863.

The following movement of the crops is ordered for to-morrow, commencing with the Second Division, Bigadier-General Baxeter, at 5 a. m., crossing Mountain Run and proceed by the way of Stevensburg and thence south of Pony Mountain; one brigade to Mitchell's Station, the other to a point about one mile and a half north of the station near the railroad, the except position to be designated by the staff officer from these headquarters accompanying the division. The brigade at the station will picket the open grund in its front and connect with the cavalry picket on the right and left. The brigade in rear will have on strong camp guards. The First and Third Divisions and artillery will march via Brandy Station to Culpeper Court-House, starting at early daylight, the First Division being in advance, Third Division following, artillery in rear. The pickets will be withdraw at daylight and joing their resepective divisions. The ambulances and trains of the Second Divisions follow it, white the ambulances and trains of the First and Third Divisions and artillery will proceed by the best road to Brandy Station and on to Culpeper under the direction of Captain Jones, acting chief quatermaster, taking care to avoid interfering with the march of the troops. The commanding officer of First Division will leave one large regiment to guard the hospitals of the corps until they are removed. The commanding officer of the regiment will consult with Surgeon Mitchell, acting medical director of the crops, in regard to the hospitals to be guarded. On the hospitals being removed the regiment will rejoin its brigade.

By command of Major-General Newton:

C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

[29.] Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

