
lieutenant-colonel in command of regiment, is reported to have turned the enemy's right at the commencement, and was wounded. Colonel White was recommended for promotion at the time. I dout not that they are both worthy and effecient officers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. KELLY,

[33.] Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, Numbers 3. February 5, 1864.

The corps will move to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock in the following order to the vicinity of Raccoon Ford: First, Third Division; second, artillery; third, Second Division; fourth, First Division; fifth, ambulances. The Fourteenth Brooklyn Regiment will remain in Culpeper, Colonel Fowler being in command of the town. The brigade of the Second Division at Mitchell's Station will remain as now posted. The pickets will remain as [they] now are. The troops will have forty rounds of ammunition in cartridge-boxes and three day's rations in haversacks. Captain Cooper, acting chief of artillery, will move two rifled and one light 12-pounder battery at the time and in the column as designated. The artillery left in camp, the ammunition, ambulances, and medical wagons will be held in readiness to move at a moment's notice. The regimental property will be packed in wagons and all reported to the chief quatermaster of corps, who will have the trains property parked. Colonel Fowler will furnish the necessary guard for them. A small guard will be left in each camp to protect the huts of the men. Shleter-tents will be carried. The medical director of the corps will furnish twelve ambulances from each division. No wagons will accompany the troops excepting light ones actually required for the different headquarters.

By command of Major-General Newton:

C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

[33.] Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,

Brandy Station, February 5, 1864.

The Third Corps will be in readiness at 7 a. m. to-morrow, February 6, to move at a moment's notice, with three days' rations. The picketlines will be left as usual. The artillery, ammunition, and ambulance trains, medical hosiptal wagons, will also be held ready to move. One battery of artillery will be be ready to accompany each division.

By command of Major-General Birney:

O. H. HART,

[33.] Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,

February 5, 1864-11.30 p. m.

The corps will be readiness to move to-morrow at 8 a. m. and continue so until further orders. The pickets and house guards will not be withdrawn, and guards will be left with the camps. In the enent of a movement the troops will take with them three days' rations and

