
and General S[umner]'s corps; and those corps commanders being temporarily absent, I sent directions by Colonel Hudson and by Captain Irwin to General Kearny and to General Hooker (of Heintzelman's corps) to occupy ground selected; I am under the impression that I reguested General Porter to give directions to the two division commanders of General Sumner's corps to occupy the ground selected for them. It was, I think, toward the close of this part of the days' work that you informed me that you also had been directed by General McClellan the night before to post the troops. Dispositions of Heintzelman's and Sumner's troops having been made, I set out to make the connection with the James River.

I saw General McClellan at Haxall's Landig, informed him of what had been done and of what remained to be done, and returend to Malvern to complete the work and watch the opertaions of the day. I remained on the field the rest of the day. I repeat, therefore, that I am very much surprised at your statement, and at finding myself classed among my own aides.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

[11.] Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,Febraury 8, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

We left Morton's Ford at dark last evening. Before dark the enemy drew back his picket-line from the river so as to secure him for our attack in the night. The whole command got into camp between 9 p. m. and 11 p. m. Nothing more occurred.

G. K. WARREN,

[33.] Major-General of Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. CAROLINA, Numbers 40. Fort Monroe, Va., Februray 9, 1864.

* * * *

XII. Brigadier General Charles K. Graham will proceed in the gun-boat Brewster to Plymouth N. C., take command of her and the gun-boat Foster, and co-operate with Brigadier-General Wessells.

By command of Majro-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,[33.] Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

YORTKTOWN, Febraury 10, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

Colonel Garrard with colored cavalry moves on King and Queen Court-House at daylight to-morrow, in hopes of capturing some of the enemy's cavalry there, or at least of destroying some of the impedimenta of a winter camp. Distance about sixty miles.

I. J. WISTAR,

[33.] Brigadier-General.

