
MONDAY, May 27, 1861.*

Present John J. Allen, president; Francis. H. Smith, M. F. Maury, Robert L. Montague, and T. S. Haymond.

* * * *

General Lee having brought to the notice of the council that the military operations of the forces in Virginia are most seriously prejudiced by publications in the form of correspondence and other articles which appear in some of the nespapers of the city:

Advised unanimously that the editors of the city papers be earnestly requested to abstain in furture fromall publications which relate to the movement, number, or dispostion of troops, receipt or shipment of supplies, and in general of everything that in military operations it would be essential to keep from the enemy, and also to abstain from publishing sensational dispatches which telegraphic communications daily announce. The council consider the public safety imperatviely demands a compliance with this request.

Advised unanimously that the commanding officers at Harper's Ferry and Grafton be ordered to take possession of the post-offices at those places and appoint persons of known loyalty, fitness, and fidelity to adminsiter the same.

Advised unanimously that the board of visitors be requested to establish at the University of Virginia a laboratory, in connection with the ordnance department of this State, for the purpose of assisting in the preparations of munitions of war and that the duty of superintendence and management be assigned to suitable professors, to whom no additional compensation shall be given.

* * * * *

JOHN J. ALLEN.

FRANCIS H. SMITH.

MF. MAURY.

RO. L. MONTAGUE.

T. S. HAYMOND.

[2.]

LYNCHBURG, May 27, 1861.

Major General R. E.. LEE.

There is an Arkansas regiment here 900 strong, under command Colonel Fagan; mustered into service Confederate States. It is armed and can be ordered away, which Major Clay, senior officer here of the Confederate Army suggests had better be done, as it is doing no good here. I sent mine (nine companies) yesterday to Manassas Junction. No arms here from North Carolina, except those sent me by Colonel Dimmock.

J. A. EARLY.

Colonel, Commanding.

[2.]

LYNCHBURG, May 27, 1861

General R. E. LEE;

I have a dispatch from my son, adjutant of Garland's regiment at Manassas Junction saying the enemy was advancing and that our troops were going out to meet them. The Arkansas regiment is here

---------------

*From proceedings of the Advisory Council of the State of Virginia.

---------------

