
III. First Lieutenant and Adjt. W. H. Rose, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers Infantry, haivng been ordered to report, is hereby assigned to duty as adjutant at these headquarters.

J. M. CAMPBELL,

Colonel and Military Commandant.

[33.]

[Indorsement on Hunt to Humphreys, April 16, 1864, printed in VOL. XXXIII, p. 880.]

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

April 16, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the lieutenant-general commanding.

The within paper has been prepared under my instructions by the chief of artillery, Army of the Potomac, in anticipation of the contingency of having to besiege Richmond. To carry out the project will require an additional force of heavy artillery, either one or two regiments, the commanding officer of which should at once commence the preparation and accumulation of the materials here indicated. The detail of this force will require the orders of the lieutenant-general commanding, for which purpose this communication is transmitted. No orders have been given from these headquarters.*

GEO G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[33.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, FORT MONROE, Numbers 108. April 18, 1864.

* * * * * * *

VII. Brigadier General C. A. Heckman will have all his infantry excepting his best brigade in readiness to move to-morrow (Tuesday). He will have two or three regiments at Portsmouth in the morning. They will disembark at Newport News and march to Yorktown. Quartermaster's department will furnish water transportation for their camp and garrison equipage .

By command of Major-General Butler:

HENRY T. SCHROEDER,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[33.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. TROOPS, AT Yorktown AND GLOUCESTER POINT, Numbers 1. April 21, 1864.

I. In obedience to paragraph I, Special Orders, Numbers 109, current series, of headquarters Department of Virginia and North Carolina, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the troops and camps of instruction at Yorktown and Gloucester Point.

II. Generals commanding divisions, commanding officers of brigades and regiments, unassigned, and officers of the general staff departments, will report in person at these headquarters.

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

[33.]

---------------

* For General Grant's answer, see VOL. XXXIII, p. 889.

---------------

