
armed; also other troops. The president of the Orange and Alexandria road is her, who says he can carry nearly a regiment by the mail train at 5 o'clock in the morning.

JOHN G. MEEM.

[2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA. ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE. No. 2. Raleigh, May 27, 1861.

I. The coast defenses of the State will be divided into two departments, to be known as the Southern and Northern Departments of the Coast Defense. The Southern Deprtment will embrace the counties of Brunswick, Columbus, Balden, New Hanover, Sampson, duplin, and the southwest portion of Onslow, commencing at the nrthwest corner of the county running due southeast to New River and including that river and inlet. The Northern Department will embrace all that portion of the State lying between the Southern Department and the Virginia line on the north and the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad on the west. Brigadier General T. H. Holmes is hereby assigned to the command of the Sothern, and Brigadier General Walter Gwynn to the command of the Northern Department. The generals commanding will establish their headquarters at the most convenient points in their respective departments and report the same to this office.

* * * *

By order of the commander-in-chief:

R. H. RIDDICK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[1.]

NEW BERNE May 27, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN W. ELLIS:

GOVERNOR: I find Fort Macon much more exposed than I had supposed. But one heavy gun has been as yet mounted on the channel. There are no land defenses, and the guns on every face of the fort, both by land and sea, are exposed to an enfilade or flank fire. No traverses have been erected to protect them. The guns are all in barbette without merlons to protect either them or the men. The work in progress, that of leveling the sand banks adjacent to the fort, is judcious, but most expensively conducted the earth being removed by handbarrows. I have directed a number of wheelbarrows to be made and sent to the fort as soon as possible. The complete defense of the fort will be expensive and a work of time, and its plan will reqire more time than I have at my command as a steam-boat is now ready for me, and I am in conformity with your orders anxious to get through with an examintion of the coast defenses and to endevor to procure what may be necessary. For Fort Macon alone there will be required for one item thirty-seven heavy guns, and if it is designed completely and effectually to protect Beaufort Harbor, not less than 2,000 men. I will give orderes for the necessary works, hasten my return to Raleigh as far as may be consistent with my duties, and make to Your Excellency a full report. Fort Macon. Before leaving Raleigh I took upon myself the responsibility of authorizing Doctor Alston, of Warren to hire some hands for the coast defenses. Under a proper officer of engneers 400 hands could

