
direction of Richmond toward Petersburg; but at the same time, fearing that it might be a concentration of troops against our position, I gave orders to have the entire picket force form under arms in readiness to meet any demonstration the enemy might make. At 3 a. m. the indications of activity to our front had not abated, but before break of day it was announced to me that the enemy's pickets in the rifle-pits to the front of Battery Numbers 3 had been withdrawn. I immediately ordered a reconnaissance. Corporal--- (I have been unable to get his name), of Company---, Seventh Connecticut, volunteered to take command of a squad of men and ascertain what had become of the enemy. He soon occupied their earth-works, and indicated to me that the same were abandoned by them. I immediately ordered forward small parties at different points to the front of our picket-line, with instructions to proceed cautiously but far enough to determine whether the enemy had abandoned their works or not, and if so to take them. Upon being advised that no force was in our immediate front, I ordered the picket-line forward so as to occupy their earth-works, in the open field to the front of Battery Numbers 3, and advanced a line of skirmishers from that point to the right of the picket-line to the Howlett house. This line of skirmishers engaged the enemy's pickets on the right of our line, taking as prisoners 3 officers and 26 men, with 30 stand of small-arms. Three other prisoners were taken by this skirmish line toward the left. At this juncture General Foster came onto the line of the enemy's works, and of subsequent operations has personal knowledge. I ought not to dismiss this subject without returning my thanks to the officers having command of the several detachments on the picket-line for their prompt efforts to occupy the rebel works and their great vigilance. I would like to mention the conduct of two or three non-commisioned officers, but have been unable to get reports from the officers on the center and left. I think no injustice will be done to the other officers in saying that Major Greeley, Tenth Connecticut Volunteers, was very prompt and energetic in the discharge of his duty, especially during the night and early morning before re-enforcements arrived. It really gives me pleasure to say that he gave evidence of being a very meritorious officer. Third. I only learned of one casualty, an enlisted man of the Tenth Connecticut Volunteers, wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. VORIS,

Colonel and General Officer of the Day.

[40.]

BERMUDA HUNDRED, VA., June 17, 1864.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE, U. S. Volunteers:

At your request I have the honor to make the following statement: On the 16th of May last, while the Tenth Army Corps was retiring from its position near Drewry's Bluff, I was present at an interview between Major-General Butler and yourself. Lieutenant-Colonel Kensel, assistant ispector-general of the DEpartment of Virginia and North Carolina, was called by General Butler and asked concerning an order delivered by him to you from General Butler on that morning. Lieutenant-Colonel Kensel stated that he delivered to you a verbal order from General Butler to fall back behind General Smith. I asked him where this order was delivered, and whether it was at the building used for a hospital, where your headquarters were. He answered, "Yes." I can also state, of my own knowledge, being with you at the time, that

