
well be employed in and about Fort Macon. I shall pass through Norfolk and endeavor to procure what may be necessary for the coast defenses in regard to which I feel very anxious.

I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

WALTER GWYNN,

Brigadier-General State of North Carolina.

[1.]

NEW BERNE, May 27, 1861

His Excellency JOHN W. ELLIS:

GOVERNOR: I inclose you herewith a copy of a communication with I have this day addressed to Colonel Tew. My letter to him was based on my observation at the fort, where I spent the greater partof the day. Although the fort is under command of Colonel Tew, a very accomplished offer, I consder the discipline and drill of the men very imperfect. Matters would grow worse under a less competent officer I therefore respectfully sugget that Colonel Tew, provided with drill officers, be continued in command for the present. I suppose the officers for drilling could be supplied from the cadets at Hillsborough.

I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

WALTER GWYNN,

Brigadier-General, State of North Carolina.

[Inclosure.]

FORT MACON, May 27, 1861

Colonel C. C. TEW,

Second Infantry Regiment, Commanding Fort Macon:

COLONEL: It is my desire that you should continue to conform to the request of General Holmes to remain in command of Fort Macon until you shall receive further orderse. I will write to His Excellnecy the commander-in-chief, and hope to exonerate you from any blame.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WALTER GWYNN,

Brigadier-General, State of North Carolina.

[1.]

TUESDAY, May 28, 1861.*

Present John J. Allen, president; F. H. Smith, M. F. Maury, robert L. Montague and T. S. Haymond.

The following subjects were brought before the council and advised upon:

* * * *

A communication from General Mitchell W. West and otheres, officers of the militia of the counties of the Eatern Shore, asking instructions upon various points upon which some definite policy is deemed important for the security of that section. Upon this communication the following advice was proposed; Advised that it be recommended to the counties on the Eastern Shore to preserve a vigilant military patrol, to extinguish all their lights, and to encourage the enterprise of their citizens to introduce such munitions of war as may be wanted for their own use or that of the army of the State. It is not deemed expedient to make reprisals, to engage in any active military demonstrations, or to arrst or otherwise interefere at present with the disaffected in

---------------

*From proceedings of the Advisory Council of the State of Virginia.

---------------

