
FREDERICK, MD., July 7, 1864 - 6.15 p. m.

Brigadier-General TYLER,

Monocacy, Md.:

GENERAL: Unless we are re-enforced immediately, both in men and ammunition, we will be forced to fall back on Monocacy. We are threatened on our left. The enemy are voming to our left and trying to get onto the National road.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

CHAS. GILPIN.

P. S. - Send ammunition by all means for infantry, artillery, and Sharps carbines. Our men fight well.

[37.]
HEADQUARTERS,Monocacy, July 7, 1864.

Colonel GILPIN:

Upon your arrival at Frederick assume command of the post and organize your forces as far as possible. Should it become necessary to evacuate Frederick you will fall back upon the Baltimore pikde and hold the crossing of the Monocacy at all hazards. You will report to the general commanding all movements of the enemy and of our forces.

By order of Major-General Wallace:

MAX. WOODHULL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[37.]
HEADQUARTERS,Monocacy, July 7, 1864 - 8.40 p. m.

Colonel GILPIN,

Frederick:

You have behaved nobly. Compliment Lieutenant-Colonel Clendenin and Captain Alexander for me. Endeavor to hold your groung. At 1 p. m. to-night 8,000 veteran troops will be here. Send in the particulars of the fight and list of your casualties. Make no movements to drive the enemy from your front. Let them remain where they are and I will endeavor to put a force in their rear to-night. Keep me constantly informed.

By order of Major-General Wallace:

MAX. WOODHULL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[37.]
HEADQUARTERS,Catoctin Pass, July 7, 1864 - 10.15 a. m.

Major-General WALLACE,

Monocacy Junction, Md.:

GENERAL: I met the enemy in about equal force halfway between here and MIddletown and drove them half a mile, when they rallied and held their position, and finally drove us back to this pass. They received re-enforcements and had an equal number of guns and heavier caliber. Re-enforcements still come in from the direction of Boonsborough, and they look like infantry in the distance. I can hold this position against

