
have his forge sent him this morning, and requests another gun if it can be spared. Some of his horses are disabled by throwing their shoes. I left my glass. Can you send it? Will keep you posted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. TYLER.

[37.]

JULY 8, 1864.

Major-General WALLACE,

Commanding:

GENERAL: The enemy are moving a battery and re-enforcements to their right against our left. He has not crossed the river, but it can be crossed. I have sent a force to Urbana to watch the approach from Buckeystown. Urbana is three miles from me, and I learn Buckeystown is the same distance from Urbana.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. R. CLENDENIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

[37.]

[Indorsement on Halleck to Howe, July 8, 1864, printed in VOL. XXXVII, Part II, p. 123.]

This dispatch was destroyed by operator at Monocacy on that place being attacked by the rebels before he had opportunity of sending it by courier to Harper's Ferry.

[37.]
HEADQUARTERS,Monocacy, July 9, 1864.

General RICKETTS:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the general commanding to direct you to move your whole command to the left of the railroad, with your front to the Monocacy, with a view of guarding the approaches on the Washington road. You will establish your picket-line as you may deem best suited to attain this object, connecting on your right and left with the line of Brigadier General E. B. Tyler. The men will move to the position within indicated at once; your pickets will then be established. You will provede your command with three days' rations. No citizen within your lines will be permitted to leave them without a written pass form your headquarters. Citizens will only be admitted to give information touching the movements of the enemy. You will make to these headquarters a morning field return of your command. You will also report by regiments the number of rounds of ammunition per man in your division. You will report the means of transportation in your command.

MAX. WOODHULL,

Aide-de-Camp.

[37.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,July 9, 1864 - 12 m.

Major General LEWIS WALLACE,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: The information contained in the first portion of your note seems to be correct. I have sent out four regiments under charge

