HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Septemer 19, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

(Through Headquarters Armies of the United States.)

SIR: I herewith forward a list of names of officers for brevet commissions which I most earnestly recommend to your favorable consideration and which I hope will receive your immediate action. I trust when you consider the size of the army I have had the honor to command, being at one time over 125,000 strong, and the extent and character of the duties it has performed, including the battles of Gettysburg, Wilderness, Spotsylvania Court-House, Cold Harbor, and Petersburg, not to mention numerous minor affairs, that you will not consider this list too large. Indeed, it embraces only the names of those of a certain rank who were considered pre-eminently deserving of reward for their services, and it is my purpose to prepare another to be submitted to the Department which will contain many names now excluded in order to reduce this list to the lowest limit. I beg leave to say that in my judgment the most beneficial results may be anticipated to the esprit of this army be the immediate conferring of the honorable rewards here asked for.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

List of officers recommended for promotion by brevet in the Army of the Potomac, Major General George G. Meade commanding.

OFFICERS OF THE GENERAL STAFF, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

To be major-generals by brevet: Brigadier General H. J. Hunt, chief of artillery, for gallantry and distinguished conduct at the battle of Gettysburg, and for faithfull and highly meritorious services on the campaign from the Rapidan to Petersburg; to date July 1, 1864. Brigadier General Rufus Ingalls, chief quartermaster, for highly meritorious and faithful services in the field in the several campaigns from Gettysburg to Petersburg; to date July 1, 1864. Brigadier General Seth Williams, chief of the adjutant-general's department, for highly meritorious and faithful services in the field in the several campaigns from Gettysburg to Petersburg; to date July 1, 1864. Brigadier General M. R. Patrick, provost-marshal-general, for highly meritorious and faithful services in the field in the several campaigns from Gettysburg to Petersburg.

To be colonels by brevet: Major James C. Duane, chief of engineers, for meritorious and faithful services in the field on the campaign from the Rapidan to the James, and particularly for distinguished professional services in the operations before Petersburg; to date July 1, 1864.

SECOND CORPS, MAJOR-GENERAL HANCOCK COMMANDING.

To be major-generals by brevet: Brigadier General Francois C. Barlow, for highly meritorious and distinguished conduct throughout the campaign, and particularly for gallantry and good conduct while leading his division in the assault on the enemy's works at Spotsylvania May 12, 1864; to date from May 12, 1864. Brigadier General Nelson A. Miles, for highly

