
meritorious and distinguished conduct throughout the campaign, and particularly for gallantry and valuable services at the battle of August 25, 1864, at Reams' Station, Va.; to date from August 25, 1864. Brigadier General A. S. Webb, for distinguished conduct at Gettysburg, where he was slightly wounded; at Bristoe Station, Octobver 14, 1863; at the battle of the Wilderness, and at Spotsylvania, May 12, 1864, where he was severely wounded; to date from day of appointment.

To be brigadier-generals by brevet: Colonel G. N. Macy Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers, for distinguished conduct at the battle of the Wilderness, and at Deep Bottom, August 14, while commanding his brigade in an assault on the enemy's works. This officer lost an arm at Gettysburg, returned to his command when the army moved from its winter camp, was severely wounded in the battle of the Wilderness, returned to his command August 12, 1864, and was again wounded August 14; to date August 14, 1864. Colonel James A. Beaver, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, for highly meritorious and distinguished conduct throughout the campaign, particularly for valuable service at Cold Harbor while commanding a brigade. This officer was wounded at Chancellorsville; again in the assault on the enemy's works in front of Petersburg June 16, and again at the battle of Reams' Station August 25, 1864, where he lost a leg; to date June 3, 1864. Colonel Thomas A. Smyth, First Delaware Volunteers, for highly meritorious and distinguished conduct throughout the campaign, particularly in the battle of the Wilderness and at Cold Harbor; to date from June 3, 1864. Colonel H. L. Brown, One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers (appointed September 3, 1864), for highly meritorious and distinguished conduct throughout the campaign, particularly for gallantry at Spotsylvania May 12, 1864; to date May 12, 1864. This officer was wounded at the first Fredericksburg ant twice wounded at Gettysburg.

To be colonels by brevet: Lieutenant Colonel K. O. Broady, Sixty-first New York Volunteers, for good conduct throughout the campaign and particularly for distinguished service at Reams' Station, Va., August 25, 1864, when he was wounded; to date August 25, 1864. This officer has received the appointment of colonel of the Sixty-first New York Volunteers, but has not been mustered in on account of the lack of the necessary number of men in the regiment. Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Morgan, assistant inspector-general and chief of staff, for distinguished and valuable service and gallantry throughout the campign, especially at the Wilderness and Spotsylvania May 12, 1864. This officer has been chief of staff of this corps since the fall of 1862, and has been present in all the actions in which the corps has been engaged. He has been several times recommended for appointment as brigadier-general for distinguished service; to date May 6, 1864. Lieutenant Colonel Francis A. Walker, assistant adjutant-general, for distinguished service and good conduct throughout the campaign. This officer has been adjutant-general of the corps since the fall of 1862. He was wounded at Chancellorsville and taken prisoner at Reams' Station August 25; to date August 25, 1864.

To be lieutenant-colonels by brevet: Major J. G. Hazard, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade, for distinguished services and good conduct throughout the campaign, especially at Cold Harbor, Va.: to date June 3, 1864. Major William G. Mitchell, aide-de-camp, for meritorious and distinguished conduct and for gallantry in action, especially at the Wilderness May 6, and at Spotsylvania May 12. This officer has been with me (Major-General Hancock) as senior

