
been engaged since crossing the Rapidan. Brigadier General Robert, B. Potter, commanding Second Division, for distinguished and gallant conduct and efficiently commanding his division in the several actions in which the corps has been engaged since crossing the Rapidan.

To be brigadier-generals by brevet: Colonel William Humphrey, Second Michigan Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, for conspicuous and gallant services both as a regimental and brigade commander, haivng served with the corps throughout the campaign. Colonel John I. Curtin, Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, for conspicuous and gallant services both as regimental and brigade commander, having served with the corps up to June 18, when he was wounded. He is now present with the command. Colonel B. C. Christ, Fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding brigade, Third Division, for distinguished services at any River May 9, and before Petersburg, June 17, 1864. Colonel J. K. Sigfried, Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding brigade, Fourth Division, for great efficiency in organizing and disciplining a brigade of colored troops.

To be captian brevet: Lieutenant S. N. Benjamin, Second U. S. Artillery, for distinguished and gallant conduct at battle of Spotsylvania, in which action he was wounded while serving as chief of artillery for the corps.

CAVALRY, Brigadier General D. M'M. GREGG COMMANDING.

To be major-general by brevet: Brigadier General D. McM. Gregg, for highly meritorious and distinguished conduct throughout the campaing, particularly on the reconnaissance on the Charles City road and at the battle of August 25, at Reams' Station.

To be brigadier-generals by brevet: Colonel J. Irvin Gregg, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, for gallantry and distinguished services when in command of the Second Brigade of the Second Division in the engagement at the defenses of Richmond on the Brook turnpike on the 12th of May, 1864; at Trevilian's Station, Va., June 11, at White's Tavern on the 16th of August, 1864. In this last engagement colonel Gregg was severely wounded. Colonel Charles H. Smith, First Maine Cavalry, for distinguished conduct when in command of his regiment in the engagement at Saint Mary's Church, near Charles City Court-House, on the 24th of June, 1864. In this engagement Colonel Smith was wounded but did not quit the field; also for conspicuous gallantry when in command of the Second Brigade, Second Division, in the engaagement with the enemy's cavarly, near Reams' Station, August 23, 1864.

To be colonels by brevet: Lieutenant Colonel Joseph P. Brinton, Second Pennsylvania Cavalry, for distinguished conduct and conspicious gallantry when in command of his regiment in the engagements at Trevilian's Station June 11, 1864; Saint Mary's Church June 24, 1864, and Deep Run August 16, 1864. Lieutenant Colonel Samuel Wilson, Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, for conspicuous gallantry when in command of his regiment in the engagement at the defenses of Richmond on the Brook turnpike May 12, 1864, and at Deept Run August 16, 1864. In both of these engagements Colonel Wilson was severely wounded.

To be majors by brevet: Captain H. C. Weir, assistant adjutant-general, for conspicuous gallantry and meritorious services in the engagements at Saint Mary's Church on the 24th of Juen, 1864; Deep Run on August 16, 1864, and at Reams' Station on August 23, 1864. Captain James H. Hart, First New Jersey Cavalry, for great gallantry in charging and

