
Corps, relieving Brigadier General Gilman Marston, who has received a leave of absence.

By command of Major-General Butler:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[42.]
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,November 19, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: On the 15th of September I submitted recommendations for promotion by brevet of officers of this corps. Of these I am informed that letters of appointment have been issued for the following-named officers: Brigadier General O. B. Willcox, Brigadier General R. B. Potter, Colonel William Humphrey, Colonel John I. Curtin, Colonel B. C. Christ, Colonel J. K. Sigfried, and Lieutenant S. N. Benjamin. Before the receipt of these letters of appointment Colonels Humphrey, Chirst, and Sigfried were honorably discharged by reason of expiration of service. Among the remainingmentioned officers many changes have taken place by reason of resignation, muster out, and promotion. I would therefore respectfully submit the following recommendations in lieu of the list made September 15, taking it for granted that Generals Willcox and Potter, Colonel Curtin, and Lieutenant Benjamin will receive their brevet commissions: Brigadier General E. Ferrero, commanding Third Division, Colored Troops for the very efficient manner in which he has organized, disciplined, and drilled the troops of his command during the campaign, it being made up of entirely new regiments and brought together but a few days prior t joining the Army of the Potomac on the Rapidan. Lieutenant Colonel Charles G. Loring, assistant inspector-general, for conspicuous and gallant in the actions of the Wilderness, Spotsylvania, Bethesda Church, and before Petersburg, Va. Major William Cutting, aide-de-camp, for conspicuous and gallant conduct in the actions of the Wilderness, Spotsylvania, bethesda Church, and before Petersburg, V. Major J. L. Van Buren, additional aide-de-camp, for conspicuous and gallant conduct in the actions of the Wilderness, Spotsylvania, Bethesda Church, and before Petersburg, Va. Major P. M. Lyding, assistant adjutant-general, for conspicuous and gallant conduct in the actions of the Wilderness, Spotsylvania, Bethesda Church, and before Petersburg, Va. Captain George W. Gowen, aide-de-camp, for conspicuous and gallant conduct in the actions of the Wilderness, Sportsylvania, Bethesda Church, and before Petersburg, Va. Captain D. A. Pell, additional aide-de-camp, for conspicuous and gallant conduct in the actions of the Wilderness, Spotsylvania, Bethesda Church, and before Petersburg, Va.

First Division: Captain Robert A. Hutchins, assistant adjutant-general, for gallantry at the battle of the Wilderness, May 6, 1864; wounded. First Lieutenant L. Curtis Brackett, twenty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, aide-de-camp, for gallantry at battles of the Wilderness, Spotsylvania, and Totopotomoy June 1, when he was wounded; recommended as brevet captain; and for gallantry at the crater before Petersburg and in the actions on the Weldon railroad, and near Poplar Grove Church and Hatcher's Run, recommended for brevet major; also, distinguished at South Mountain and Antietam. Captain William V. Richards, Seventeenth Michigan Volunteers, aide-de-camp, for gallantry throughout

