
the campaign, recommended for brevet major; also distinguished at South Mountain and Antietam. Captain John D. Bertolette, assistant adjutant-general, for gallantry and meritorious services in actions before Petersburg, on Weldon railroad, near Poplar Grove Church, and Hatcher's Run. Captain George Shorkley, Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, and brigade inspector, for gallantry and meritorious services at Spotsylvania and before Petersburg; wounded July 30, 1864. Lieutenant Richard A. Watts, Seventeenth Michigan Volunteers, aide-de-camp, for gallantry and meritorious conduct throughout the campaign; wounded June 17, 1864. Lieutenant W. H. S. Bean, One hundred and ninth New York volunteers, aide-de-camp, for gallantry and meritorious conduct throughout the campaign up [to] Weldon railroad August 18, 1864, when he was wounded. Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Ely, Eighth Michigan Veteran Volunteers, for gallant and meritorious services throughout the campaign, particularly at the Wilderness and before Petersburg June 18, 1864. Lieutenant Colonel Byron M. Cutcheon, Twentieth Michigan Volunteers, recommended for brevet colonel for gallantry at the battles of the Wilderness and Spotsylvania; wounded May 10; and brevet brigadier-general for gallantry on the Weldon railroad and in subsequent actions, now commanding Second Brigade and well qualified. Captain George H. Murdock, First Michigan Sharpshooters, for gallantry and meritorious services during the campaign and particularly before Petersburg June 17, when he was wounded. Captain C. A. Lounsberry, Twentieth Michigan Volunteers, for gallantry in the actions of the Wilderness and Spotsylvania; wounded May 12, 1864, being the third wound received during the war. Lieutenant Charles D. Todd, Seventeenth Michigan Volunteers, aide-de-camp, for gallantry and meritorious services throughout the campaign up to July 23, when he was wouded. Lieutenant and Adjt. J. F. Curren, Sixtieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, for gallantry and meritorious services at the Wilderness, Spotsylvania, and before Petersburg June 17, when he was wounded and lost an arm. Colonel N. B. McLaughlen, Fifty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, for gallantry and meritorious services in checking the advance of the enemy in the action near Poplar Grove Church September 30, 1864. Lieutenant Colonel Gilbert P. Robinson, Third Maryland Battalion, for gallantry and meritorious services throughout the campaign, and particularly on the Weldon railroad August 18, 1864. Lieutenant Albert Doty, Fifty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, for gallantry in the actions on the Weldon railroad. Captain Jacob Roemer, Thirty-fourth New York Independent Battery, for gallantry and meritorious services throughout the campign, and particularly at Spotsylvania.

Second Division: Captain Gilbert H. McKibbin, assistant adjutant-general, recommended for the brevet rank of brigadier-general of volunteers, a promotion well earned by long and distinguished services, and in order that he may be assigned to the command of a brigade, a position for which he has whown himslf to be pre-eminently fitted and where his abilities are required. Captain Samuel Wright, assistant adjutant-general, for gallant and meritorious services in all the actions of the campaign. Lieutenant Colonel Henry Pleasants, Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, of rthe successful management of the mine which was sprun on the 30th of July in front of the ninth Army Corps. Lieutenant Colonel Theodore Gregg, Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, for his gallantry and great efforts in rallying the men to defend the crater formed by the explosion of the mine on the 30th of July, and his courage and daring in three personal encounters with

