
The sample pistol mentioned above was sent to the colonel of ordnance for safe-keeping.

P. F. HOWARD.

Secretary of Council.

[2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES, Numbers 128. Richmond, Va., May 28, 1861

I. The commanding officer at Ashland will select two efficient companies from his command and order them to repair to this city without delay and report to the acting quartermaster-general for transportation to Yorktown, where they will report themselves for service to Colonel Magruder.

II. Colonel Hodges' regiment of Virginia Volunteers will proceed to-morrow at such hour as the quartermaster's department may appint, to Jamestown Island,, and there establih themselves as a prote ting force for the batteries.

III. Captain Jordan's and Captain Hupp's companies of artillery will proceed to-morrow at such hour as the quartermaster's department may appoint, the first to Jamestown Island and the second to Craney Island, NOrfolk, and report tot the commanding officer for service with the heavy batteries at those points.

IV. The staff departments will supply the necessary wants of these troops for the execution of their orders. They will take sufficient rations (coocked) to last them during their journey.

By order of Major-General Lee:

R. S. GARNETT,Adjutant-General.

[2.]

RICHMOND, VA., May 29, 1861.

Governor JOHN W. ELLIS,

Raleigh, N. C.:

Please urge forwrad your regiments with the greatest speed. They should be armed and supplied with ammunition and equipments. Can you forward percussion caps?

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[2.]

RALEIGH, N. C. May 29, 1861.

JEFFERSON DAVIS:

The Third Volunteers leave for Suffolk to-morrow. The Fourth will leave as soon as fixed ammunition is ready. We could send you two or three more regiments of twelve-months' men if you wild take them. Hope to send one regiment of regulars within ten days. No caps to spare. We have more men than we can provide clothing and equipments for. This causes all our delay.

JOHN W. ELLIS.

[2.]

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 29, 1861

President DAVIS:

Telegram received. How many regiments must I start? I have five ready, all except the formal mustering in. I will start the Eighth on

