
33. Brigadier General S. S. Caroll, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person without delay to the commanding general Department of the East for assignment to court-martial duty.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[42 and 43.]

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

December 6, 1864 - 1 p. m. (Received 1.30 p. m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Direct General Mott to report to Major-General Warren for orders. His division will have to go on an expedition with Warren, and you will have to hold the line around to the Weldon railroad with Gibbon's and Miles'. Perhaps it may be necessary to retain a brigade of Mott's to picket the rear line. I want to add about 5,000 men to Warren. If Mott's division is in excess of this you can retain the excess, after letting me know. Mott will get his orders from Warren.*

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

[42.]
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., SIXTH CORPS,December 19, 1864.

Major HAZARD STEVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following recommendations for brevets, agreeably to circular from headquarters Sixth Army Corps, dated December 14, 1864: Captain Merritt Barber, Tenth Vermont Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, to be brevet major. Captain Barber has borne himself with distinguished bravery in every engagement since Majy 4, 1864, and particularly in the last engagement at Cedar Creek, Va., October 19, 1864. Communications from Colonel William W. Henry, Tenth Vermont Volunteers, and from Colonel Truex, commanding the brigade in which he formerly served, are herewith respectfully forwarded. First Lieutenant Henry C. Baxter, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, aide-de-camp, to be brevet captain, for distinguished bravery in every engagement since May 16, and especially at the battle of Cedar Creek, Va., October 19, 1864, at which engagement he was wounded. Colonel George P. Foster, Fourth Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet brigadier-general, for distinguished bravery in the battle of the Wilderness, May 5, at which engagement he was severely wounded; also for good conduct at the battle near Charlestown, Va., August 21; Fisher's Hill, September 22, and at Cedar Creek, October 19. Colontel Foster commanded the brigade at the battle of Fisher's Hill. Lieutenant Colonel H. W. Floyd, Third Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet colonel, for bravery and good conduct throughout the entire campaign since May 4, and especially for distinguished bravery at the battle of Cedar Creek, Va., October 19, 1864. Major Enoch E. Johnson, Second Vermount Volunteers, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel, for bravery in all the engagements since Cold Harbor, and especially at the battle of Cedar Creek, October 19, 1864. Major

---------------

* For reply see 1.40 p. m. VOL. XLII, Part III, p. 823.

---------------

