HDQRS. THIRD DIV. CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIV.,January 11, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have the honor to recommend that Colonel A. C. M. Pennington, Third New Jersey Cavalry, be promoted to the rank of brigadier-general, U. S. Volunteers. This recommendation is made in consideration of the valuable and meritorious services of Colonel Pennington during the war, but particularly in recognition of his ability and gallantry as displayed in the battles of the 9th and 19th of October, 1864, at Tom's Run and Cedar Creek. The promotion of Colonel Pennington is also necessary in order that he may be assigned to the command of General Chapman's brigade, of this division, General Chapman having been transferred to the command of the Second Division Cavalry, and the senior colonel of that brigade being totally disqualified to exercise the command of a brigade.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

G. A. CUSER,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Third Division.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,January 11, 1865.

I take pleasure in cordially indorsing the within recommendation. Colonel Pennington is every way competent to fill the position; is now in command of a brigade and has commanded it in several engagements. It is absolutely necessary to assign him to another brigade. There are, colonels in his brigade who are comptent to command it. Colonel Pennington is one of the most efficient and gallant officers in the cavalry service.

Respectfully submitted.

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Cavalry.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,January 13, 1865.

Colonel Pennington is a very valuable officer. It is such men who should be promoted. His promotion is now very necessary, so that he can take command of General Chapman's brigade.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

[46.]

STEAMER S. R. SPAULDING,

Off Fort Fisher, January 16, 1865.

Major-General TERRY and

Rear-Admiral PORTER,

Commanding, &c.:

The Secretary of War has the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the rebel flag of Fort Fisher, and in the name of the President congratulates you and the gallant officers and soldiers, sailors and marines, of your commands, and tenders you thanks for the valor and skill displayed in your respective parts of the great achievement in the operations against Fort Fisher and in its assault and capture. The combined

