
Saturday from Florence, the others Tuesday and Wednesday, if you will give orders to Captain Lee here to provide transportation. Where shall they report? Under whose command? General Beauregard is now starting.

F. W. PICKENS

[2.]

RICHMOND, VA., MAY 29, 1861.

Governor FRANCIS W. PICKENS,

Charleston, S. C.:

The President wishes you to send three regiments immediately, and have the others in readiness to move. The troops are to go to Suffolk, Va., near Norfolk. Orders sent by telegraph to Captain Lee.

GEO. DEAS.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS,Gloucester Point, May 30, 1861

Lieutenant Colonel R. S. GARNETT.

Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Special Orders, Numbers 125, assigning me to command at this post, and have accordingly assumed command. I have to report that the only battery of light ratyillery at this point (Captain Cabell's) has been ordered to Yorktown by Colonel J. B. Magruder, and we are now in a very defenseless condition in case of attack by land, having only about 400 infantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. R. PAGE.

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[2.]

His Excellency JOHN W. ELLIS,

Governor of North Carolina:

SIR: In obedience to ordesr, on the 25th instant I immediately repaired to Fort Macon, fromwhich place I made to you a report on the 26th [27th] instant, to which I beg to refer you. The works required there, which weren to mentioned in that report, have been fully described by me to the engineer in charge. As the details are numerous, they would occupy too much space to be given here. The garrison now at this fort is insufficient for the defense of the fort. It is necessary that an adfanced post should be established to communicate with rapidity the landing of the enemy. There should also be field batteries at different points on the island to repel his landing, and such precaution will be required on many other parts of the coast. A detachment should also be stationed onShackleford Banks, opposite the fort, with a line of vedettes, field artilery, &amp;c. It would be advisable also to station some troops at Morehead City and the town of Beaufort as a reserved force. I then proceeded to Ocracoke Inlet, where I found a battery in progress of construction on Bacon Island, where now probably five guns are mounted, and in a few days twelve more will be

