
operations of the squadron and land forces of your commands deserve and will receive the thanks of the nation, and will be held in admiration throughout the world as a proof of the naval and military prowess of the United States.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[46.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Fort Fisher, N. C., January 23, 1865.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The honorable Secretary of War was at this place the evening succeeding its capture. He desired me to make to him directly at that time recommendations for the promotion of a few of the officers of my command, and so soon as it could be done to forward the names of others. At that time I recommended Brigadier-General Ames for promotion to major-general by brevet in the volunteer service, and he was so promoted. On reflection I feel that I have not done full justice to General ames' merits and brilliant service, and I now recommend that he be brevetted a brigadier-general in the Army. He has twice heretofore been recommended for brevets in the regular service. He won his appointment of brigadier-general of volunteers by his gallantry at Chancellorsville; he commanded a division with marked ability at Gettysburg; his concuct, skill, and courage at the storming of Fort Fisher were beyond praise. In view of his past record and his recent services I think that he should receive a promotion which will not terminate with the volunteer organiztion, but be as lasting as his professional life.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., January 25, 1865.

Approved and respectfully forwarded to the Secretary of War.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[46.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,February 5, 1865 - 1.40 p. m.

Brigadier General T. A. SMYTH:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that the cavalry sent to Dabney's Mill with directions to communicate with you are unable to reach the mill, Pegram's brigade of the enemy's force having been sent down that road; and, further, that the brigade of Mott's command that was to have been placed in position on your right to perfect the connection with your right and McAllister's left, will not for the present be sent, but that McAllister will be directed to take up another position, which will more nearly connect your right with McAllister's left. This will be the disposition for the present. Another brigade has been ordered up.

Respectfully,

H. H. BINGHAM,

Major and Judge-Advocate Second Corps.

[46.]

