HDQRS. NINTEENTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,February 12, 1865.

Captain WILLIAM H. GILDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Complaint with orders contained in circular of yesterday, I have the honor to forward herewith the names of two officers of my regiment whose good conduct on the 5th instant is deserving of recognition: Second Lieutenant William H. Tibbitts was in charge of the skirmishers first sent forward, and led his men in gallant style at the ford at Armstrong's Mill, when he was killed in the fearnless discharge of his duty. The adjutant of the regiment, First Lieutenant J. Fred. Aytoun, rendered great assistance to Lieutenant Tibbits. Most of the men being recruits, he contributed toward keeping them to their work by his example and encouragement. The adjutant had his clothes pierced with bullets and his horse was shot under him.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND RICE,

[46.] Lieutenant Colonel Nineteenth Massachusetts Vols., Commanding Regiment.
SPECIAL ORDERS, DQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 43. February 14, 1865.

* * * * *

4. Bvt. Brigadier General C. H. T. Collins, colonel One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, is relieved as a member of the general court-martial instituted by paragraph 2, Special Orders, Numbers 308, November 14, 1864, from these headquarters, and is assigned to duty as commandant of the post of City Point, Va.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[46.]

ORDERS,] HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE JAMES,

In the Field, Va., February 20, 1865.

In view of the circumstances under which this corps was raised and fielled, the peculiar claims of its individual members upon the justice and fair delaing of the prejudiced, and the regularity of the conduct of the troops, which deserve those equal rights that have been hitherto denied the majority, the commanding general has been induced to adopt the Square as the distinctive badge of the Twenty-fifth Army Corps. Wherever danger has been found and glory to be won, the heroes who have fought for inmorality have been distinguished by some emblem, to which every victory added a new luster. They looked upon their badge with pride, for to it they had given its fame. In ths homes of smiling peace it recalled the days of courageous endurance and the hours of deadly strife and it colaced the moment of death, for it was a symbol of a life of heroism and self-denial. The poets still sing of the Templar's Crosss, the Crescent of the Turk, the Chalice of the hunted

76 R R - VOL LI, PT I

