
8. Bvt. Brigadier G. H. McKibbin, U. S. Volunteers, having been assigned to duty according to his brevet rank by the President, will report for assignment to command to the commanding officer Ninth Corps.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Parke:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

[46.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February -, 1865.

Major EDWARD C. BAIRD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to call the attention of the general commanding the division to the gallant and meritorious services rendered by the following-named officers in the battle near Dabney's Mills, on the 6th instant, and to ask that they may receive brevets in the grade above their present rank: Lieutenant Colonel James Creney, Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers, was distinguished in this engagement by coolness, courage, and skill in the handling of his command. More than once during the battle when his command, fiercely assaulted by the enemy, seemed on the point of falling back, the colonel seized his regimental colors, and, pushing to the front in full view of the men, restored order and discipline where a moment before disaster seemed inevitable. This officer received a severe wound, which will unfit him for duty for many weeks to come. Major West Funk, One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, was distingished in this battle for the most daring and impetuous gallantry. In the final assault upon our line by Mahone's troops Major Funk exhibit the greatest courage by taking his regimental flag and rushing toward the enemy, this inspiring his regiment with the most resolute and determined courage. He constantly exposed his person as a conspicuous mark for the enemy. He received a severe wound in the shouled near the close of the engagement. Captain James Coey, One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers, was in command of his regiment, and behaved most gallantly throughout the engagement until he was severely wounded in the head near the close of the day. This officer by word and example was indefatigable in his efforts to keep his men before the enemy, and his efforts were successful. Captain J. Harrison Lambdin, assistant adjutant-general of Third Brigade, was prompt, efficient, skillful, and most courageous during the entire engagement, and by his presence and daring rendered the most valuable services. I have never seen an officer more-self possessed and resolute under fire. I consider that a brevet conferred upon this gallant officer would be but a slight reward for his services on this and other fields. I may say further that Captain Lamdin served with distinction in the late campaign from the Rapidan to Petersburg, and was severely wounded on the 18th of June. On the 6th instant his horse received two wounds in the charge made upon our line by the division of Mahone. First Lieutenant Richard Esmond, One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers, acted as an aide on my staff, and deserves a brevet for his gallant conduct. He was present throughout the engagement, and in the execution of his duties displayed remarkable courage and coolness. In the charge

