
of Mahone, already referred to, this young officer mingled freely among thr troops, and by words and example rendered most valuable service. In the severest part of the conflict he offered to take the brigade colors in advance of the line, hoping thereby to induce the troops to charge the enemy. This he was not allowed to do, as I deemed it a deed of too hardy a character to be attempted by any one. I earnestly recommend him to the favorable consideration of the Government.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Henry A. MORROW,

[46.] Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH WISCONSIN VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,March 2, 1865.

Major General G. K. WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your favor of the 28th, in answer to mine of the 18th, ultimo received.* You state that the main objection to keeping my plan secret is that "you (I) require to select your (my) men and drill them before hand," stating that "that will certainly arouse discussion and put the enemy on his guard." Permit me to suggest if your objection might not be obviated if it could be made to appear that at your headquarters or at headquarters Army of the Potomac it was thought necessary to have a body guard or skirmish command of 1,000 picked men, say one captain, one lieutenant, three sergeants, four corporals, and thirty privates from a regiment of those who have specially distinguished themselves in battle, to be selected with great care by the commanding officer of the respective regimets. Should the above be thought objectionable, might not the command, selected as above for special service, be sent beyond the line of the department, then drilled and secretly returned when needed? Should either of my suggestions or former propositions meet with favor, I should be pleased to have the command armed with the Spencer rifle.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. RICHARDSON,

[46.] Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 74. In the Field, Va., March 18, 1865.

* * * * *

4. Colonel Edward H. Ripley, Ninth Vermont Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty with his regiment, and will report to Bvt. Brigadier General T. M. Harris, commanding Independent Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, for assignment to duty.

* * * * *

By command of Major General John Gibbon:

A. Henry EMBLER,Captain, Fifty-ninth New York Veteran Volunteers, Brevet [46.] Major, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

---------------

* See VOL. XLVI, Part II, p. 732.

---------------

