
operation. Captain H. B. Blood, chief quartermaster Twenty-fifth Army Corps, will furnish the labor and material necessary for the purpose.

VI. All officers of the fire department will report immediately to Brevet Brigadier-General Ripley, who will give the necessary orders to perfect the organization and render it efficient.

VII. A commission is being constituted for the relief of destitute families in the city of Richmond. This commission will fully investigate the wants of those applying for aid and decide upon the legitimacy of the claims in each case. Lieutenant Colonel Dexter E. Clapp, Thirty-eighth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, with two prominent citizens of Richmond to be hereafter designated by the commanding general, will constitute this commissioned. Lieutenant-Colonel Clapp will report to the military governor for instructions.

VIII. All loyal persons may keep open public hotels and restaurants, under licenses granted and restrictions imposed by the provost-marshal-general of the department. All bar rooms and all placed of any description whatever for the sakle of intoxicating liquor to any enlisted man of the armies of the United States will be summarily punished by fine and imprisonment and confiscation of his property.

IX. A military commission has been established, of which Colonel Wooster, Twenty-ninth Connecticut Volunteers, is president, for the trial of aggravated offenses. Suitable tribunals for the prompt punishment of minor offenses against the public peace will be constituted and announced in future orders.

X. The progress of the conflagration, which before the advent of the Federal troops threatened and was intended to involve the whole city in destruction, having been arrested and the restoration of peace and good order having succeeded the reign of anarchy which then prevailed, the efforts of all well-disposed citizens of Richmond are respectfully invoked in aid of the exertions of the military authorities to restore as far as possible to the city of Richmond its peace and prosperity.

G. F. SHEPLEY,

[46.] Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Military Governor of Richmond.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 87. April 6, 1865.

1. Brevet Major-General Barlow, U. S. Volunteers, will report to Major-General Humphreys, commanding Second Corps, for assignment to the Second Division, Second Corps.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,[46.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 1. Provost Guard, Richmond, Va., April 6, 1865.

To more fully organize and arrange the guard duty in this city it is hereby ordered that officers in charge of headquarters guards, on quartermaster's, commissary, ordnance, and hospital stores, not regularly detailed from this brigade by orders from these headquarters, will at once send in official lists of such guards, with name, rank, and

