
APPENDIX.

Report of Brigadier General Andrew A. Humhreys, U. S. Army, commanding division, of operations in the Maryland Campaign, September 17-October 2, 1862.*

[OCTOBER 2, 1862.]

COLONEL: In accordance with the directions of the circular of this date I have to report that having received orders from the headquarters of the army on the afternoon of Wednesday, the 17th, in the vicinity of Frederick, where I had halted under previous orders, to move up to the army near Sharpsburg, the march of my division was immediately resumed, and being continued through the night, the command arrived at the headquarters of the army at 7 a. m. of Thursday, after a march of twenty-two miles. By direction of the major-general commanding it was placed in reserve in rear of Morell's division, and subsequently occupied the ground vacated by that division. On the day following, Friday, the 19th, the command moved beyond Sharpsburg, and in Saturday, the 20th, was placed in position on the left bank of the Potomac above the ford near Shepherdstown and on the right of Morell's division. A section of Captain L. N. Robinson's battery was established on our right, which fired a few effective shots at small parties of the enemy on the opposite bank. Subsequently a piece of Captain Barnes' battery was used with similar effect. The division then occupied the ground along the river, where it is now encamped, from nearly opposite Shepherdstown to the left of the First Army Corps. I inclose the report of Captain L. N. Robinson, acting chief of artillery.+

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Corps.

[19.]

Report of Colonel Richard N. Bachelder, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, chief quartermaster Second Army Corps, of operations July 1, 1863-June 30, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,September 15, 1864.

GENERAL: In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 29, from the office of the Quartermaster-General, july 6, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1864:

The reports for the previous year was transmitted on the 15th day of September, 1863, and embraced the movements of the Second Army Corps to the time of its arrival at Uniontown, Md. On this campaign

---------------

* See also VOL. XIX, Part I, p. 368.

+ Not found.

---------------

