
extending to him all necessary information respecting that branch of the staff, and will then hold himself subject to such duties as may be assigned to him.

By order of Major-General Lee:

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 31, 1861

His Excellency JOHN W. ELLIS,

Governor of North Carolina Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 24th instant. The three field batteries proposed to be sent to Virginia will be of great service. I respectfully urge that hey be forwraded as soon as possible. If instructed companies accompany them, and if they are provided with proper equipments-caissons, ammunition &amp;c.,- they can be at once placed in the field. There is such a constant demand for artillery harness, ammunition, and every kind of military equipments that it is difficulty to procure them here or at other points in the State. If it is possible to provide them in North Carolin, it will save much delay in bringing the batteries into the field. I would also recommend that carriages caissons, and battery wagons be made for the other bronze field guns you possess, so that they may be ready when required for service either at home or abroad.

It has been determined by the Governor and council of the State to send to Fayetteville machinery from the Harper's Ferry works for the manufacture of small-arms. I will endeavor to expedite its delivery. Most of this machinery is at Winchester or Strasburg. The former superintendent of the Harper's Ferry Arsenal has been sent to Raleigh to make arrangements for its transporation. The measn of transportation of the railroads are so constantly required for forwarding troops and munitions of war that the transit of other matter is necessarily delayed. I am very glad to learn of your preparation to bring into the field the volunteer regiments of your State. Knowing the importance of holding Norfolk, which commands the communicationwith North Carolina both by canal and railroad asnd in view of the possible ocupation of Suffolk or some other pointof the Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad by the U. S. forces thereby closing the communication between Richmond and Norfolk, I took the liberty of recommending you, through Governro Letcher to forward re-enforcements to Norfolk and to transfer your camp of instruction from Weldon to Suffolk. I hope that both of these propositions meet with your approbation.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

[2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS. Numbers 6. Yorktown, May 31, 1861.

By order of General Lee, J. B. Hood is placed in charge of all the cavalry on the York River for the purpose of establishing a camp of instruction and of making judicious disposition of the pickets and vedettes. He has the rank of major, and his orders will be obeyed and respected by the commanders of companies.

By order of D. H. Hill, colonel commanding:

G. B. COSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

