
advanced line and were among the last to leave the final scene of battle. The conduct of my command was highly complimented by Captain Thornton, of the Thirty-sixth Infantry, to whom I have before reffered. The whole army having fallen back to Waynesborough, and my command having been thrown into the regiment of reserves under the command of Colonel William H. Harman, I placed the remained of my men under the command of Captain N. R. Heaton, having remained of my men under the command of Captain N. R. Heaton, having consolidated them into one company, and they have since served in resisting the advance of General Hunter's army upon Lynchburg, and in the pursuit of that army upon its retreat into Western Virginia. The reserves have since then been discharged from duty, with the thanks of the commanding general, and my men have returned to their appropriate duties.

Respectfully,

JAMES F. JONES,

Captain Niter and Mining Corps, and in Command of Battalion.

Major RICHARD MORTON,

Niter and Mining Corps, Richmond.

P. S._ The names of the killed and wounded will be forwarded as soon as possible.

[37.]

Report of Colonel George W. Scott, Sixty-first New York Infantry, commanding brigade, of operations March 25, 1865.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 27, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of operations of the First Brigade on the 25th instant:

About 6.30 a. m. I was ordered by the brevet major-general commanding the division, through a staff officers, from the Sixty-first New York Volunteers, to charge the enemy's picket lne on our front and break it if possible. I personally superintended this assault, but, owing to the density of the thicket and strength of the enemy's defense, my party was repulsed, though fighting gallantly, losing 3 killed, 15 wounded, and 10 missing. By direction of General Miles I marched my detachment to the left of our division line and selected a new point for a second assault. This time, though the enemy were on the alert, my men broke and carried their line, capturing 1 commissioned officer and about 25 men - my detachment of the Sixty-first New York Volunteers here losing 2 enlisted men killed, 12 men wounded, and 5 men missing. The corps officer of the day, Brevet Brigadier-General Madill, now rapidly advanced our whole picket-line beyond the old line main works, taking up line of battle a short distance in rear of the new line occupied by our pickets to my right and left, the Second New York Artillery to the right and the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers to the left. Subsequently, about 1 p. m., I assembled these two regiments, and advanced my entire brigade line of battle to the front through an almost impassable thicket, woods, morass, slashing, &amp;c., and finding the enemy holding a strong intrenched picket-line, their front covered by deep slashing and morass. I now, by direction of General Miles took up a more advantageous

