
line a little to the rear and where the enemy had their original picket-line, closing intervals of regiments to the left and making room for the Second Brigade (Colonel Nugent) to come into position and continue my line to the right. We had just got into position (3 p. m.) when the enemy's bugle sounded the forward and the enemy charged my entire front, but were easily repusled. They renewed the assault later (6 p. m.), but with no more success, being driven back at all points, we capturing some prisoners. About this time the commanding officer of the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers reported his regiment to me for duty, but not needing his services upon my front General Miles soon ordered him to another position. Later in the evening, about 8 p. m., I was directed by an aide of General Miles to deploy my command to the right, covering the ground formerly occupied by the Second Brigade. I did this, connecting on the right with the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers and on the left with the Third Brigade, First Division, Second Army Corps: maintained this line until about 9 p. m., when, by direction of General Miles, I deployed a strong picket-line, anticipating a withdrawal of my main line, using for this purpose the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, part of the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, and part of the One hundred and eleventh New York Volunteers, the latter regiment having been reported to me by General Miles. This line connected on the right with the Fourth new York Artillery and on the left with the Third Brigade line, having reserves on the right at the --- house and on the left at the old road near the Watkins house. About 1 a. m., by order of General Miles, through Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, acting assistant adjutant-general, First Division, I withdrew the balance of my brigade and the One hundred and eleventh New York Volunteers, returning to our camp in breast-works near Battery A. The troops without exception behaved well, standing from under the attack of the enemy and advancing fearlessly to the charge. Too much praise cannot be awarded to the detachment of the Sixty-first New York Volunteers. Men and offices distinguished themselves. The officers of my staff, Captains McCalister and Kerr, of the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Lieutenant Hickock, Twenty-sixth Michigan Volunteers, were very efficient at all times, gallant in action, and faithful to the performance of all duty, Lieutenant Hickock being twice struck by the enemy's bullets. Accompanying is a nominal list of casualties.

I am, very respectfully,

GEO. W. SCOTT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel R. A. BROWN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

[46.]

[For version of this report as recorded in the brigade letters-sent book, see VOL. XLVI, Part I, p. 197. The foregoing version is from the original report, received too late for insertion in its proper sequence.]

