
Report of Lieutenant Colonel Gouverneur K. Warren, Fifth New York Infantry, of engagement at Bog Bethel, or Bethel Church, Va., June 10, 1861.

JUNE 16, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to present herewith a diagram of the scene of operations near County Bridge on the 10th instant. It is mostly prepared from information obtained by me on the scouring expedition of June 4. The General account of the battle is briefly as follows:

We arrived on the ground about 9 a. m., Colonel Duryea's regiment in advance, with two companies deployed as skirmishers about 300 yards in front, and scouts ahead along the road about half a mile, and close up with the enemy. I advanced with the skirmishers to reconnoiter, and the enemy opened his fire with artillery, the shots passing high over our heads and to the rear of the main body. On arriving at the edge of the woods we found that there was at least one battery protected by breast-work directly in front and enfilading the bridge, a small affair over a fordable stream about twelve feet across. Colonel Duryea's regiment came at once to this same place, as did also Lieutenant Greble with his guns. Finding it was not best to attempt to carry the battery in front, I went and informed General Pierce of the condition of things, who, at my suggestion, directed me to tell Colonel Town sent to attempt to turn it by our left flank, and Colonel Bendix to make movement by our right flank. Both regiments moved off accordingly. Colonel Bendix, I understand, did cross the creek so as to get on the flank. Colonel Townsend moved through the open fields instead of through the woods to the left, and the severity of the enemy's fire in this position turned him back on the center. The bravery of Colonel Townsend and his men was well exemplified, but the failure to turn this flank I think determined General Pierce to retire. Our loss, however, was not great, and the men had acted bravely and were in good order and well under command. Colonels Allen's and Carr's regiments came up some time after the firing began, and were only used to cover the withdrawal. The regiments that first retired left men behind to bring up the wounded and dead, but Colonels Allen and Carr did not afford a sufficient rear guard the others, been without sleep the whole of the preceding night. Colonel Allen assured me we were being outflanked, and he moved to the rear without halting. I remained on the ground about an hour after all the force had left. As Colonel Carr retired, Captain Wilson, of his regiment, carried off the gun at which Lieutenant Greble had been killed, but left the limber behind. I withdrew this along with Lieutenant Greeble's body, assisted by Lieutenant Duncan and twelve men of the New York First, and sent it on to join the piece. I remained with Chaplin Winslow and a few men of the New York Third, Fifth, and Seventh, getting the wounded together, whom we put into carts and wagons and drew off by hand.e or four mortally wounded and several dead whom we had to leave from inability to carry them. I sent several messengers to get assistance, and as we moved slowly in, finding no one, I pushed ahead as fast as I could go on foot (having given the animal I rode to a wounded man). I overtook none but the wornout stragglers till I came up to Captain Kapff, of New York Seventh, who with seven or eight men stopped, as also did Captain McNutt, of the Second, detailed by Colonel Carr. They both rendered essentiall service in checking the advance of the enemy's horsemen, who finally came on and pursued up to New Market bridge. Captain Willson, of the Second New York Regiment, with the two 6-pounders under his charge, positively refused

