
ninth Illinois, Colonel Thomas O. Osborn; the Sixty-seventh Ohio, Colonel A. C. Voris, and the Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania, Lieutenant Colonel Edward Campbell, re-enforced by the Eleventh Maine, of Plaisted's brigade, Lieutenant Colonel W. p. Spofford; Hawley's brigade, consisting of the Seventh New Hampshire, Colonel J. C. Abbott; the Sixth Connecticut, Colonel R. Duryee; the Seventh Connecticut, Lieutenant Colonel D. C. Rodman, and the Third New Hampshire, Lieutenant Colonel J. I. Plimpton commanding; Battery M, First U. S. Artillery, Captain L. L. Langdon; the First Connecticut Battery, Captain A. P. Rockwell; Captain Eaton's company of the New York volunteer engineers, and the provost guard of my division, under Captain E. C. Richardon, of the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts, moved out from the intrenchments, following Turner's division, and advanced toward Chester Station, on the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad. As the head of my column approached Ware Bottom Church I received an order from the major-general commanding to detach two regiments and one section of artillery to that point to cover our flank and rear from attack in that direction. In accordance with this order the Thirty-ninth Illinois and eighty-fifth Pennsylvania, with one section of Langdon's battery, were detached. On arriving at the intersection of the Chester Station road with the Richmond and petersburg turnpike we found one regiment of Turner's division, with a section of artillery in position in advance of it, covering the approach from Richmond. By direction of Major-General Gillmore these troops were relieved by the Sixty-seventh Ohio and one section of Rockwell's battery. With the remainder of my force I then moved up to and joined General Turner at the station. The work of destroying the track was already in progress, and Eaton's engineer company was immediately detailed to assistin it. I soon received orders to send back the Eleventh Maine to Ware Bottom Church, and, as nearly the whole of Howell's brigade would, on their arrival, be stationed there, I directed Colonel Howell to proceed to that point and assume command. Inasmuch as this force was detached and remained detached until our return to the intrenchments, and was not under my personal supervision, I respectfully refer to Colonel Howell's report, which accompanies this, for an account of his operations. I received at the same time, and immediately obeyed, an order to move the remainder of my troops, now consisting of Hawley's brigade, one section of Langdon's and two sections of Rockwell's batteries, down to Port Walthall Junction. On arriving there the remaining section of Langdon's and two sections of Rockwell's batteries, down to Port Walthall Junction. On arriving there the remaining section of Langdon's battery was sent back to Ware Bottom Church. Shortly before night-fall Hawley's brigade and Rockwell's guns were moved some distance down the turnpike, prepared to support, in case of need, the troops engaged with the enemy at Swift Creek, and the Third New Hampshire was detached to cover the Petersburg and Chester road at Brandon's Bridge, west of the turnpike. Subsequently Hawley was moved back to the junction and there passed the night. During the evening I received from Colonel Voris dispatches informing me that the enemy in some force were appearing in his front. On communicating this information to the major-general commanding the corps, he immediately ordered the Thirteenth Indian, Colonel C. J. Dobbs, the One hundred and sixty-ninth New York, Colonel John McConihe, and one section of the Fourth New Jersey Battery, all of Ames' division, out from the intrenchments to report to Colonel Voris. These troops arrived at the turnpike at daylight on the morning of the 10th.

Early in the morning of the 10th I received orders to commence that destruction of the railroad northward from the junction. This work was undertaken, and from a half to three-quarters of a miles of track

