
withdrew my left from the station road, and, moving to the right, connected with Howell's force. After the last shot was fired I was strongly re-enforce by a brigade of Ames' division, under General Ames in person, and by Wistar's brigade from the Eighteenth Corps. I had applied for re-enforcements, and Gibb's battery and these troops were sent to me. Fortunately the need of them had passed before their arrival. Just before night-fall, having buried the dead and brought in the wounded, in obedience to the orders of the major-general commanding the corps, the troops returned to the intrenchments. The enemy's force was far greater tan our own. Our troops brought into action were about 3,400 in number the enemy's were the division of Major-General Ransom, consisting of Barton; s, Gracie's, and Johnston's brigades, with cavalry, and at least six guns. Some of the prisoners say that there was a fourth brigade in reserve, but as they were unable to give the name of its commander I am doubtfull of the accuracy of their statement. I learn that Barton's brigade alone was 2,800 strong.

Our total loss was 7 officers and 273 men, killed, wounded, and missing. It is difficult to estimate the loss of the enemy, but from the manner in which their troops were massed for the attack, the severity of our fire, and the number of their dead, I am satisfied that it must have been twice or thrice our own. Some forty or fifty prisoners remained in our hands.

I find it a difficult task to mention the names of officers who merit commendation for their conduct without apparently doing injustice to others who are equally worthy, so that with one or two exceptions I must leave the mention of subordinate regimental officers to the reports of their immediate commanders. Colonel Voris, of the Sixty-seventh Ohio, not only deserves most honorable mention, but the higher reward of promotion. His arrangement and disposition of troops under the difficult and trying circumstances in which he was placed was most admirable, and joined to his own gallantry and the tenacity and good conduct of his troops, held the ground against overwhelming numbers until the arrival of re-enforcements. I commend him to the marked approval of the commanding General. Lieutenant-Colonel Commander, Major Butler, and Adjutant Childs, of the same regiment, are especially deserving of notice. Colonel Abbott, of the Seventh New Hampshire (temporarily commanding Hawley's brigade); Colonel Dobbs, of the Thirteenth Indiana; Colonel McConihe, of the One hundred and sixty-ninth New York; Lieutenant-Colonel Rodman, of the Seventh Connecticut; Captain Rockwell, First Connecticut Battery, did they duty most ably and gallantly. Major T. B. Brooks, aide-de-camp, on General Gillmore's staff, joined me at the commencement of the action and rendered most efficient and valuable service. I desire to express my great obligations to him for it. I inclose herewith the reports of Colonel Howell,* Colonel plaisted,+ who was left in command of the intrenchments; Colonel Voris,++ Colonel Abbott,@ Colonel Dobbs,# and Colonel McConihe.@

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps.

[36.]

---------------

* See VOL. XXXVI, Part II, p. 45.

+ See XXXVI, Part II, p. 75.

++ See p. 1224, ante.

@ See p. 1239, post.

# See VOL. XXXVI, Part II, p. 110.

---------------

