
and during courage was beautiful; their fire steady and deadly to the enemy. I beg leave respectfully to recapitulate the names of these regiments, for I love to repeat and honor them:

The Sixth Connecticut Volunteers, Major Klein commanding (temporarily assigned to me); the Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell commanding; Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Voris commanding; Thirty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Mann commanding. I regret to have it to say that brave and valuable officer (Lieutenant-Colonel Mann) was badly wounded in the leg in the action. It is an honorable mark of distinction and most gallantly won by him. I am glad to say he is now doing very well. There were two brave officers of the Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers wounded also. You can form an idea of the severity of the fire through which my command dashed and drove the enemy when I say to you that in about thirty minutes I lost 149 men, killed and wounded. The casualties to some 300 killed and wounded, none missing. The enemy's loss in killed and wounded we now to be 800. I beg leave to speak in the highest terms of praise of the valuable services leave to speak in the highest terms of praise of the valuable services rendered tome by the officers of my staff in the action - Captain Hooker, my acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain Dawson, brigade inspector, and Lieutenant McGregor, my aide-de-camp. Their promptness, activity, and efficiency are deserving of the highest praise. In this connection, captain, I beg leave to refer to the valuable services of my medical director, Charles M. Clark, surgeon of the Thirty-ninth Illinois Volunteers. His zeal, energy, courage, and skill are deserving of the highest praise. His through knowledge of his profession and his skill in the practice of it secured to all the wounded the greatest care and attention, and has saved many a limb from the amputating knife. I am gratified to know that my brave command and myself received the commendations of our gallant and distinguished leaders, Major-General Gillmore and Brigadier-General Terry.

I have the honor to be, captain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JOSHUA B. HOWELL,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigadier, First Div., Tenth Army Corps.

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[36.]

Report of Colonel Joseph C. Abbott, Seventh New Hampshire Infantry, commanding brigade, of operations on south side of the James River, Va., May 9-10, 1864.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Bermuda Hundred, May 11, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit, at your request, and informal report of the conduct of the Second Brigade of your division after I took command of it until last night:

In consequence of the illness of Colonel Hawley I assumed the command on the afternoon of the 9th. At that time the brigade was resting at the port Walthall Junction. At sunset, in obedience to your orders, I moved about a mile southward along the turnpike, and again rested. At that point the Third New Hampshire was detached, and was not again with the brigade until last evening. At 9 p. m. of that

