
evening I moved to the point where the turnpike crosses the Petersburg and Richmond Railroad, and so posted the brigade as to prevent any advance of the enemy from the direction of Richmond. This place I held until the next morning, when I moved up the railroad and turnpike, tearing up about a mile of the railroad track before leaving, and continued to advance until within about one mile of Chester Station. It was found that the enemy was there in force. By order of Brigadier-General Terry the Seventh Connecticut was then posted with its left flank resting on the turnpike, the Sixth Connecticut with its right resting on the turnpike, and the Seventh New Hampshire on the left of Winfree's house and supporting a section of Rcokwell's on the left of Winfree's house and supporting a section of Rockwell's battery. The first two regiments immediately engaged the enemy, drove them from their positions, and advanced to the point originally held by the enemy. That portion of the Seventh Connecticut retook two pieces of artillery which had been lost, manned them from their companies, and turned them again upon the enemy. The Sixth Connecticut after repulsing the enemy's line in their front, held a position in a field to the rear until by my orders they changed front to meet a flank movement of the enemy on the left. The Seventh New Hampshire was attacked in their position by a brigade which advanced through the open ground. So sure and rapid was their fire that the brigade was obliged to retire, which it did with heavy loss. The Seventh Connecticut was withdrawn from its position by the brigadier-general commanding the division about a third of a mile to the rear, and by his orders I withdrew the Sixth Connecticut and the Seventh New Hampshire, together with Rockwell's battery, to the same point, from which all excepting the battery moved by the right flank toward the intrenchments. Halting until sunset on the left of Colonel Howell's line, they reached camp a little after dark. I reserve the list of casualties until a formal report. The loss in all the regiment was, however, slight. Of the conduct of all the regiments of the brigade, so far as it came under my observation, I can speak only with commendation. The heaviest and most protraced fighting was done by the Seventh Connecticut on and near the turnpike, and the gallantry of the battalion under Major Sanford in retaking the bandoned artillery ought especially to be noticed. The repulse of the rebel brigade by the Seventh New Hampshire, aided by Rockwell's battery, was a brilliant instance of heroic resolution, especially as they saw themselves attacked by four times their own numbers.

I have the honor to be, general, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

JOSEPH C. ABBOTT,

Colonel Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Brigadier General A. H. TERRY,

Commanding First Division, Tenth Army Corps.

[36.]

Report of Colonel John McConihe, One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Inantry, of operations on south side of the James River, Va., May 10, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS 169TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Camp at Foster's Plantation, Va., May 11, 1864.

ADJUTANT: I herewith most respectfully report the part borne by the One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers in the engagement near Chester Station, Va., on the 10th instant. In accordance

