
Twenty-fourth still holding the advance and moving up to within a few yards of the enemy. Hawley's brigade was now moved to the front and placed in line of battle, the Tenth being deployed in the second line. The Third New Hampshire Volunteers, of that brigade, soon engaged the enemy upon the left. The Twenty-fourth and One hundredth were brought up, the Twenty-fourth in rear of the Third New Hampshire, and ready with fixed bayonets to renew the charge, when the enemy, attacked by White's brigade in front, abandoned his fortifications on his right, and our forces moved in and took possession without further opposition, the skirmishers of the Twenty-fourth, under the lamented Rea, being the first to neter the works. The enemy holding the left of his chain of fortifications and a wood intermediate, the One hundredth New York was ordered to move down across the railroad and drive them out of the woods, which they did in a most gallant manner. Having passed through the woods and advanced into the open space, they came under the fire of a rebel battery of three rifled pieces, which plowed the ranks frightfully, two shots carrying away no less than eight legs. At the same time sharpshooters in the woods in front kept up a most annoying fire. In danger of being driven back, the Twenty-fourth was sent to the support of the One hundredth. The Twenty-fourth advanced across the railroad into the open field to the right of the One hundredth. The two regiments then advanced and drove the enemy back. In this affair both regiments behaved splendidly and suffered considerable loss, the One hundredth New York losing 20 killed and wounded; the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts 6, including 1 commissioned officer, Lieutenant Clough, killed by a sharpshooter. The regiments, holding their positions until dark, were ordered to fall back and establish a strong line of outposts for the night. This having been done on the line of the railroad, they were relieved at 11 p. m. by the Tenth Connecticut, and the two regiments, greatly fatigued and exhausted, bivouacked in the rain at midnight behind the captured fortifications.

At daylight on the morning of the 14th troops in two lines of battle, with skirmishers, were seen advancing against the left of the enemy's fortifications in the plain below. Colonel Otis and the Tenth were thrown forward to discover their character. They were soon discovered to be of Turner's division, Tenth corps. The right of the enemy's works having been captured by Terry's division and his whole line turned, the enemy abandoned the left of his line turned, the enemy abandoned the left of his line and Turner and Smith took possession without opposition except from skirmishers. The entire first line of the enemy's fortifications was thus secured. Twrry's division was immediately put in motion, and descending into the valley, formed a junction with Turner. The Tenth Corps, thus united with the Eighteenth upon the right, advanced to the attack of the second line of the enemy's fortification. The Third Brigade, being upon the extreme left of our line, was ordered to advance and commence the assault, excepting to take the enemy in flank and rear. The One hundredth New York and Twenty-fourth Massachusetts were formed in first line, Tenth Connecticut in reserve. Changing front forward on my right and advancing my left flank skirted a thick wood from which the enemy's sharpshooter began seriously to annoy my line. Colonel Osborn was ordered to thrown a company of skirmishers into the woods. This company was supported by one from the Tenth Connecticut. These companies failing to accomplish the object immediately, Colonel Otis was ordered with six companies of his regiment to clear the woods of the enemy and to find out and report his exact position upon my left,

