
to the front again to the Halfway House, and there take position to cover the retreat. The regiments were posted, the Tenth on the left and the Twenty-fourth on the right of the road, and at right angles to New Hampshire Volunteers, Colonel Abbott. The enemy, having got his pieces into position, opened upon us smartly with rifled guns. The two pieces of artillery limbered to the rear in the liveliest manner and were not seen again for the day. All our forces having retired, dispositions were made to retreat. Six companies of the Tenth were placed parallel with the road in the sunken way. Four companies were thrown to the rear some 200 yards and placed in position to cover the retreat of the six companies. Soon after, by order of General Terry, the Seventh New Hampshire and Twenty-fourth were retired, when the enemy made his appearance in front of the Tenth, but were kept at a distance by its fire, and the Tenth was retired without losing a man, except a few slightly wounded, including one commissioned officer.

Returning to Perdue's, I was directed by the general to move with my brigade and the Thirty-ninth Illinois Volunteers and take post at the junction leading from the pike to our intrenchments, leaving the Twenty-fourth with him to bring up the rear. The regiments were posted at the junction, where they remained until sunset, when all our forces had passed and the Tenth took the post of rear guard, reaching camp at 9 p. m. The losses of the brigade for the day amounted to 7 commissioned officers and 232 enlisted men, the One hundredth New York suffering most. This regiment had the advance, having been thrown out as skirmishers, and when the other regiments of the brigade were moved to the right, as was supposed, to support it, the One hundredth was left as a strong line of skirmishers in obedience to the following order:
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, May 16, 1864. (Received 9. 15 a. m.)

Colonel PLAISTED:

Leave a strong line of skirmishers in your front, then fall back and form your regiments in the open field back of you. Don't let the enemy see your movements.

A. H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

The Tenth Connecticut had barely reached the field indicated by General Terry, when, the skirmish line upon the right of the One hundredth giving way, the One hundredth was overwhelmed by the enemy upon its front and flank, and this gallant regiment refusing to retire without orders, suffered the loss so much to be regretted. Throughout the expedition this regiment, having the advance, always willing and always ready, was the first and foremost in the fight and the last to leave the field. Upon every occassion under its gallant leader its conduct indeed was most creditable to itself and the great State which it represents. Great credit is due to Colonel Danby and the One hundredth New York for the admirable manner in which they performed every duty. Of the Tenth and Twenty-fourth I need hardly say more than that they more than maintained the splendid eputation which they have hitherto borne for steady and soldierly behavior under the most trying circumstances, circumstances, too, entirely new to them, for never before were their backs ever turned to the enemy their backs ever turned to the enemy. They may have been equaled but never surpassed. Under a fire in which eighteen fell from the left of the Tenth in almost as many seconds, not a soldier of the regiment spoke a word or moved a heel from the alignment. Too much praise cannot be accorded to the commanding officers of these

