
15th of June, ultimo, and followed Bell's brigade to the woods in front of the main line of works (rebel) near Petersburg, where I arrived at about 11 a. m., and took up position on the left of the road and about twenty paces in rear of Bell's brigade. In this position I remained until about 6 p. m., when I moved my brigade forward in support of Bell's brigade and formed to the right and rear of Battery Numbers 5. At about 9 p. m. I was ordered forward and formed on the left of Bell's brigade, my right resting about sixty paces from battery Numbers 7 in the advance line. From this position I was relieved about 2 a. m. of the 16th ultimo by a portion of the Second Corps, and retired to the open field in rear of the position. At about 5 p. m. on the 16th I was ordered forward to make a demonstration on the enemy's left, and formed my command on the left bank of the creek near Friend's house, and in this position I remained until ordered to return to camp near Point of Rocks, where I arrived on the 18th instant at 3 a. m. I inclose herewith list of casualties.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. MARTIN CURTIS,

Colonel, Commanding 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., Eighteenth Army Corps, June 19, 1864.

Major WILLIAM RUSSELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[40.]

Report of Colonel Louis Bell, Fourth New Hampshire Infantry, commanding brigade, of operations in the Richmond (Va.) Campaign, June 15-17, 1864.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., June 27, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the troops of my command, consisting of Fourth New Hampshire Volunteers, Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, One hundred and seventeenth New York Volunteers, Third New York Volunteers, and One hundred and forty-second New York Volunteers (Third Brigade); and One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, Thirteenth Indiana Volunteers, Ninth Maine Volunteers, and One hundred and twelfth New York Volunteers (Second Brigade), before Petersburg:

Started from Bermuda Hundred at 4 a. m. June 15, in rear of Brooks' division, Eighteenth Corps. ReMained here during the day with 200 men deployed as skirmishers. At 6 p. m. received order to deploy a line at two paces intervals. Received order to advance this line and follow with Third Brigade line of battle. Captain Hunt, One hundred and seventeenth New York Volunteers, who had been on skirmish line during the day, moved his men, 100 un number, by the flank; penetrated between Batteries 5 and 6; formed line in rear of Battery 5 and fired a volley from the rear at the defenders of Battery 5, who threw down their arms. This was before any of the other troops had reached the battery. An officer who assumed the right to surrender the troops delivered his sword to Captain Hunt. In this work were taken 4 guns, the battle-flag of Twenty-sixth Virginia, and 211 prisoners, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 2 majors,4 captains, and 9 lieutenants. The prisoners were retained by Captain Hunt's command till turned over by Lieutenant

---------------

* Shows 1 officer and 9 men wounded, and 1 man missing.

---------------

