
Ross, provost-marshal of my brigade, to the provost-marshal at department headquarters, with the flag. The left of my brigade struck on Battery 6 at the same time with colored troops. After reforming line I moved up to Battery Numbers 7, captured that evening by the colored troops. Relieved the colored troops; turned the work, to be used against the enemy' the Second Brigade being on the left of the Third Brigade; the right of the Third Brigade resting on ravine near Friend's house. During the evening skirmished with the enemy; was relieved by Second Corps during the night. Moved back and formed line, the right resting on Friend's house, Second Brigade in reserve. Morning of the 16th moved forward six companies One hundred and forty-second New York Volunteers as skirmishers in front of my line, to dislodge enemy's skirmishers in my front, which was done. In the evening of the 16th received orders to report to General Birney, Second Corps. Formed line in the front in the line of Second Corps; was relieved at sunrise 17th, and reoccupied position we had on evening of 15th. Remaining here till near night, and during the night marched to Bermuda Hundred. Casualties during time embraced in report [sic].

I have the honor to be, major, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS BELL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major WILLIAM RUSSELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighteenth Army Corps.

[40.]

Report of Brigadier General William T. H. Brooks, U. S. Army, commanding division, of operations at Cold Harbor, Va., June 1-3, 1864.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,June -, 1864.

SIR: On the arrival of this division at Cold Harbor, on the 1st instant, it was formed on the right of General Devens' division a little in front of the Cold Harbor and Bethesda Church road, in this order: First line, Henry's brigade, composed of Twenty-first Connecticut, Fortieth Massachusetts, Fifty-eighty and One hundred and eighty-eighth Pennsylvania, and the Thirteenth New Hampshire, of Burnham's brigade, with the Ninety-second new York thrown forward as skirmishers. Second line, three regiments of Burnham's, One hundred and eighteenth new York, Eighth Connecticut, and Tenth New Hampshire. Third line, Marston's brigade in line of battalions in column of division. At the order the whole advanced through a wood some 200 or 300 yards in width, and on emerging on an open space about 100 yards wide the first line came under the fire of the enemy's skirmishers partially protected by slight rifle-pits within the edge of a pine grove, and also under the fire of musketry and artillery from the enemy's main line to our front and right, about 200 yards distant. The pits were charged and the enemy driven to his main line. This was done without much loss, except in the Thirteenth New Hampshire. This regiment, on emerging from the first woods spoken of above, found nothing but an open plain between itself and the main line of the enemy's intrenchments, which was completely commanded by his muskets and artillery, yet they maintained their ground until relieved after dark. During the night Marston's brigade was sent to General Devens' support, who had the enemy in strong force in his front in rifle-pits within the same woods

