
aide-de-camp. I cannot close this report without calling attention to the zealous co-operation and assistance derived from the respective brigade commanders throughout this campaign, Brigadier-Generals Marston and Bunrham, with their assistant adjutants-general, Captains Lawrence and Clark, and Colonel Guy V. Henry, Fortieth Massachusetts. I respectfully inclose their reports and concur in their commendation of individuals.*

Very respectfully,

W. T. H. BROOKS,

Brigadier-General.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS.

[36.]

Report of Brigadier General George J. Stannard, U. S. Army, commanding division, of operations in the Richmond (Va.) Campaign, June 21-July 2, 1864.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH CORPS,July 2, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders from corps headquarters, I have the honor to report the following operations of this division since June 21, 1864:

Having on the evening of the 20th received orders from General Smith, assigning me to the command, I found the division under marching orders. At 4 a. m. formed my command, the Second Brigade, General Burnham leading, followed by the Third Brigade, Colonel Henry, and the First Brigade, Colonel E. M. Cullen. Moved promptly to the pontoon bridge over the Appomatox River, at which point I found it necessary to halt my column, remain one hour and twenty minutes, to allow cavalry to pass. Moved in the direction of the right of our line in front of Petersburg, and at dusk proceeded to relieve a portion of the Sixth Corps, which held our extreme right, placing two regiments of the Second Brigade, General Burnham, on the right of the front line of rifle-pits, while a portion of Colonel Henry's (Third) brigade on his left, formed connection with the right of General Martindale's division. The balance of these two brigades were placed in the supporting line, and the First Brigade, Colonel Cullen, in the second line of rifle-pits, with the exception of one regiment of his command, which was sent to the support of Regan's battery, on the right of the ravine. My command held this position, nothing of note occurring; my pickets keeping up desultory skirmishing with the enemy; relieved my troops in the front line each second day with those in the rear. On the 23rd a brigade of colored troops, under Colonel Ames, reported to me, which I placed in my rear line of works, thus relieving one of my brigades, which I sent a mile to the rear to rest. From this date I was enabled to relieve one-half of my command from the trenches and alternated every second day. Up to this time my brigade commanders had been busily engaged remodeling and rebuilding their lines. Covered ways, connecting the front with the rear, and earth-works have been constructed, all without casualties in the working parties.

At daylight of the 24th the enemy's batteries opened with unusual severity on both our front and right flank, principally the latter. This cannonade continued for more than an hour, when an assault was made upon our lines by a portion of the command of the rebel General Hoke. This attack on the part of the enemy was eminetly unsuccessful; our pickets were quietly withdrawn, the fire along our line reserved

---------------

* See VOL. XXXVI, Part I, pp. 1005, 1008, 1012.

---------------

