
until the enemy had come up to the point previously occupied by our pickets. A rapid fire was now opened along our whole line. The enemy found themselves entrapped, neither being able to hold our skirmish line, to carry our works, nor to retreat, except with the certainty of being cut to pieces. A large number of them dropped their arms and surrendered - 1 captain and 60 men to Colonel Henry, commanding Third Brigade, and 4 commissioned officers and 130 men to Colonel Cullen, commanding First Brigade. The enemy left dead upon the field 75, 20 of whom were buried by Colonel Henry's command on the succeeding night. The enemy lost heavily in wounded, and their whole loss could not have fallen short of 400. Our loss was on this occasion in killed, wounded, and missing - First Brigade, 57; Third Brigade, 15; making an aggregate of 72. The Second Brigade was not under fire. On the same day a detail of 300 men was made to lay the same, and at dusk the works was commenced. This work was continued on successive evening until a strong abatis was constructed along our whole front. While this work was in progress, Colonel Henry, commanding Third Brigade, projected and commenced a mine leading from his left up the turnpike to a rebel fort. He reports that the work on this has been suspended owing to the nature of the soil requiring the use of engineering materials. Not with his reach. Nothing has occurred on my lines out of the usual course of picket skirmishing and artillery firing until the 30th, when the negro troops, which had served as a support to a portion of my line, were withdrawn by order of Major-General Smith. On the same day my First Brigade, which was then resting at the rear, was placed as a support to the assaulting column. The commanding officer reports that although under heavy firing he was not actively engaged, his losses being five enlisted men. During this advance on the left the artillery all along the line became sharply engaged, and although my division was not engaged, my casualties from the artillery fire of the enemy were numerous. My First Brigade was relieved from duty on the following morning. No changes have occurred in my lines nor has there anything of importance taken place since the date last mentioned. The entire withdrawal of the negro troops has necessitated a longer stay of my troops in the trenches with less hours of rest in the rear, having now two days in the pits and one day out. My casualties since assmuming command of the division up to date are as follows: Killed, wounded, and missing - officers, 4; men, 151; aggregate, 155, official lists of which have been duly forwarded to corps headquarters daily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. J. STANNARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major WILLIAM RUSSELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighteenth Army Corps.

[40.]

Report of Colonel Guy V. Henry, Fortieth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding brigade, of operations in the Richmond (Va.) Campaign, June 24, 1864.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 18TH ARMY CORPS,June 24, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I was this morning attacked by a heavy line of skirmishers sent against me by the rebel

