
to move it and Turner's division, of the Tenth Army Corps, across the Appomattox to City Point, and there embark on transports to be supplied for the purpose. This movement was not commenced until near 6 p. m., and it was late in the night before I reached the vicinity of City Point with the head of my column. the troops were bivouacked in fields near the road. The whole of the following day was occupied in placing the troops upon the transports. I remained personally superintending the embarkation; but there was great delay for want of vessels, especially for wagon transportation and horse. S After seeing all my troops and wagons embarked and provided for, except a portion of the horses, I received intelligence from the quartermaster that no more transportation could be supplied until the return of the same transports. I had already sent forward a portion of my command, and then proceeded with the balance toward White House. A part of the vessels, on board of which were the Eighty-ninth New York Volunteers and the Ninth New Jersey Volunteers, were grounded in the James River that night, and it was necessary to leave them until they could be got off by more powerful steamers than any then within my reach. The following day (the 30th of May) the remainder of troops and my wagons and a portion of my horses were landed at the White House. I have been thus minute in the details of this passage to White House to show that every means placed at the disposal of the corps were fully used to hasten the embarkation and hold the command in readiness for movement and action on arriving at White House. On the 31st a portion of my wagons were unloaded and transferred to the other divisions of the corps (whose wagons had not arrived0 to facilitate the forward movement of the corps, and at 3 p. m. I started with my command for New Castle, fifteen miles distant. We reached the road leading to New Castle and covering access to the landing at about 11 o'clock at night. By direction of the general commanding the corps my division was so disposed as to hold all the roads on the right of the corps, and bivouacked for the night.

Early in the morning of the 1st of June we marched from our bivouac to the landing. Not long after arriving there I received orders to follow the divisions of Devens and Brooks to Cold Harbor. On arriving at Cold Harbor and reporting to the commanding general I found that Devens' division had already taken position next to the Sixth Corps, on our left, and that Brooks' division was getting into position on the right of Devens'. The commanding general directed me to place my command on the right of Brooks and to guard our right flank as the advance on the enemy then impeding should be made. I immediately brought forward my division and placed them in line of battle by battalions in mass. Conformably to the order of the commanding general, I detached one regiment of the First Brigade (General Stannard's) to support of Devens, and two regiments of the Second Brigade (Colonethe support of the Sixth Corps. It was particularly enjoined on me by the commanding general to guard against any assault on my right flank. At this point we had no connection with any other command. The advance was made at the hour of about 5 p. m. My line, which was very strong at the beginning of the movement, was unfolded as the advance was made, through a distance of 1,200 yards, until it was extended in a single line of battle as far as it would reach, and a part of the distance was only covered by skirmishers. In the meantime, under the cover of the woods on our right, the enemy threw forward a section of artillery and a regiment of infantry, by which I was continually threatened. This regiment and section

