
LYNCHBURG, June 2, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General, Virginia Forces:

COLONEL; I received your letter some days ago about the arms supposed to be sent here from North Carolina. I have ascertained that no arms have been sent here to any one from that quarters. The mistake arose, I presume, from the fact that the arms sent to me were marked with Governor Ellis' name. There are now eight companies of cavalry here well mounted and in fine condition but for the arms necessary for them, which are mostly wanting. Two companies are armed with double-barreled shotguns, and two more will soon have them. I wish that you would cause all the flint-lock pistols at the armory and all sabers that may be on hand to be sent here. If there are any rifles which would answer for cavalry I wish you would have them sent also.

Very respectfully,

J. A. EARLY,

Colonel, Commanding.

[2.]

MONDAY, June 3, 1861*

Present Joh J. Allen, president; F. H. Smith, M. F. Maury, R. L. Montague and T. S. Haymond.

The council unanimously advise that a telegraphic wire be extended from Stafford Court-House to Brooke's Station, and that the remaining wire on the line between Fredericksburg and Alexandria be removed.

Resolved, That a committee of the council be appointed to wait upon President Davis and ascertain as far as they may, the significance of the President's response to the Governor in reference to the tender of the military forces of the State, and of the terms upon which it is desirable that officers of the Army and Navy of the late United States, who have retired or may retire from that service and have entered or may enter the service of Virginia, shall be received into the service of the Confederate States, and to explain to him the conditions upon which the use of the property, munitions, of war, &amp;c., captured from the United States, is tendered to the President, and the reason of the exception in regard to the machinery taken at Harper's Ferry.

Absent R. L. Montague.

Advised unanimously that the Governor issue an order prohibiting any intereference on the part of any person whatever with the superintendents of the telegraphic lines in their management of the same unless the exigencies of the public service may require the commanding officer of a department to assume control of the same.

The secretary was directed to insert here the record of the fact that the committee appointed under the resolution of council adopted this day waited upon the President, in accordance with his appointment, at 4.30 p. M., and conferred with him upon the subject indicated in the resolution. The report of the committee will be presented to-morrow.

JOHN J. ALLEN,

FRANCIS H. SMITH.

M. F. MAURY.

RO. L. MONTAGUE.

T. S. HAYMOND.

[2.]

---------------

*From proceedings of the Advisory Council of the State of Virginia.

---------------

