
capturing two light 12-pounder guns, three caissons and ammunition complete, camp equipage, &amp;c.

Night having now closed in, established my picket-line, covering my front and flank for two miles, the duty being performed by the Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania and Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Regiments. I withdrew the balance of my command to the forks of the road, rather more to the rear. On the 16th my troops remained in camp until 5 p. m., the Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania remaining in picket, when we were ordered to advance in the same direction as on the preceding day. This we did without much opposition, the skirmishers of the Fifty-fifth Regiment driving the enemy from the line of rifle-pits in the rear of those captured the previous day, where we held them until ordered to retire, at 10 p. m. This was effected without pursuit by the enemy. My command retired to its old position, where it remained quietly until Saturday, the 18th, at 6 a. m.

My casualties during the two days last mentioned were 7 officers and 107 enlisted men. On the 18th, at 6 a. m., my command moved to the front, under orders of Brigadier-General Martindale, commanding division, to support the Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel Stedman, and early in the day engaged the enemy near PAGE's house, about three-quarters of a mile from the city of Petersburg. This position was now ordered for a charge, and Colonel Stedman, commanding Second Brigade, having but one regiment in the first line, I was obliged to place three of my regiments on his right to strengthen him, my only remaining regiment, together with two regiments of negro troops which had been sent to my support, forming the second line. About noon I received an order to charge the enemy's line, which order I immediately put in execution. My command found themselves unable to break the enemy's line, but succeeded in gaining about 150 yards of ground, which they immediately intrenched and held. My loss in this charge was 10 officers and 203 men, out of an aggregate of 960 engaged. The loss of the negro troops was 36. During the night brought up inteenching tools and intrenched my position in two lines, which position I held until Sunday evening, the 19th, when I was relieved by a portion of the Sixth Corps and moved about five miles to the rear, in the direction of Point of Rocks, where I bivouacked. My losses on the 19th were 1 officer and 10 men. On Monday, the 20th, at 8 a. m., crossed the Appomattox River and went into camp at Bermuda Hundred. On the afternoon of the same day, by orders from Major-General Smith, commanding corps, I was relieved from command of this brigade and assigned to the command of the First Division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. J. STANNARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain W. H. ABEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

[36 and 40.]

Reports of Colonel Griffin A. Stedman, Jr., Eleventh Connecticut Infantry, commanding brigade, of operations at Cold Harbor, Va., May 31 - June 12, 1864.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 18TH ARMY CORPS,June 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of this brigade from the time when, by direction of the brigadier-

