
general commanding, I assumed command (May 27) until the present time:

The brigade broke camp, behind intrenchments near Bermuda Hundred, at 2 p. m. on the 27th ultimo, and marched about three miles to the rear; bivouacked for the night, and at 6.30 p. m. on the 28th moved to the Appomattox River, leading the column, crossed the river, and reaching at 11 o'clock a point near West [City] Point, on the James River. At daylight the brigade embarked on the transports Morgan, General Lyon, Devinney, and Beverly. At 7 o'clock the vessels started, the Morgan, on which headquarters were established, leading. Proceeding down the James River, the brigade passed Fort Monroe at sundown and reached West Point at daybreak; thence following the Pamunkey, the Morgan, Devinney, and Beverly reached White House at noon on the 29th and went into bivouac. The General Lyon, which on account of her size had run aground, came up in the night, and the troops on board disembarking took place in the brigade line which was formed upon the right of General Brooks. On the 30th instant [ultimo] the brigade moved toward New Castle, leading the column; marched fifteen miles with but few stragglers, and bivouacked at night in line of battle along the main road. Early on the 31st the march was resumed in the same order, and during the afternoon line of battle was formed (at a point the name of which I do not know) in regiment, by division en masse, the brigade connecting with General Brooks upon the left. Skirmishing began and continued until dark, when the line had advanced some 800 or 1,000 yards.

Bivouacked at this point and the next day, 1st instant, threw up a log breast-work along the front of the brigade, which had deployed. At 4.30 a. m. on the 3rd instant the brigade, under the direction of the brigadier-general commanding, moved to a point to the left and front of their position, and forming in column by division, closed en masse, prepared to assault the enemy's works. The One hundred and forty-eighth New York Volunteers, Colonel Guion, was deployed upon the front and right flank at very short intervals as skirmishers and flankers. The column was composed of the Twelfth New Hampshire Volunteers (leading), Eleventh Connecticut Volunteers, Eighth Maine Volunteers, which had been assigned to the brigade on the 30th ultimo, and the Second New Hampshire Volunteers. Soon after 5 o'clock the column moved, with caps taken from the pieces and bayonets fixed, guiding by the left, upon the ravine. The column debouched from the woods opposite the enemy's left at a distance of about 250 or 300 yards from their works. Immediately a heavy fire of musketry was poured upon the whole left flank, mingled with grape and canister. So intense was this flank fire as to confuse the rear and push it constantly to the right, but with determined bravery the column pushed on over a perfectly open and level field, which is considered the most effective obstacle that can be opposed to advancing troops. The head of the column reached the rifle-pits of the enemy, from which their skirmishers were driven. At this moment the enemy opened upon the head of the column a fearful fire of musketry, grape, and canister, none having been fired from that point of their works before. No troops could advance under it, and the brigade, already decimated by the flank fire, broke upon meeting the direct, and retiring to the woods reformed, ready, if ordered, to repeat the attempt. They had passed over 150 yards of open plain under a concentrated fire, and had reached a point very near the rebel works. It is impossible in the limits of this report to mention all those whose conduct made them conspicuous. I most

