
the brigade amounted to about 330 killed, wounded, and missing. The number of prisoners taken by the brigade amounted to 164.

Respectfully submitted.

JAMES A. COLVIN,

Major 169th New York Volunteers,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Third Div., 18th Corps, June 2, 1864.

Lieutenant BEEBE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[36.]

Report of Major James A. Colvin, One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Infantry, of operations at Cold Harbor, Va., June 1-2, 1864.
HDQRS. 169TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,June 3, 1864.

The undersigned respectfully that on the 1st day of June, 1864, the regiment was ordered to participate in an advance movement of the Eighteenth Corps on the line of the enemy's works. The order to charge being given, the regiment obeyed the order and charged up to and into the rebel pits. The enemy returned and retook the pit or a portion of it. The regiment rallied and again attained the pit. The First Brigade, Third Division, Eighteenth Corps, by this time had come to their relief, but their fire injured some of our own men. The pit taken was again abandoned, an enfilading fire being directed upon us. The men again rallied and the pit was retained. On the 2nd of June the regiment lay as supports to those who replaced them in the line of works and were relieved in the afternoon. The list of casualties has been already furnished. The loss sustained by the regiment shows sufficiently that it did its duty. Colonel John McConihe was killed and Lieutenant Colonel Alonzo Alden seriously wounded while gallantry leading the front of the charge. The total number of prisoners captured by this regiment amounted to fifty.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. COLVIN,

Major, Commanding regiment.

Lieutenant WILLIAM L. HUGHES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[36.]

Report of Colonel Robert M. West, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations in the Richmond (Va.) Campaign, June 15, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,FIRST BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,

June 17, 1864.

SIR: I respectfully submit herewith a report of the operations of my regiment during the recent march:

I crossed the Appomattox River on the pontoon bridge, following the Second Brigade, at about 1 a. m. on the 15th instant. My regiment was in column within easy supporting distance during each of the two first skirmishes with the enemy, but did not participate in either of those affairs. When the advance came upon the enemy's works at the third point of their line which we struck, my men were dismounted to

