
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT

Raleigh, n. C. June 3, 1861

JEFFERSON DAVIS

President Confederate States:

SIR: It is against my rule to make applications to you for office for others where merely personal considerations are involved. There is a case, however, where the public interests are involved, and therefore I do not hesitate mentioning it to you. Bradley T. Johnson, late of Frederick, Md., now at Maryland Heights, has 500 men and he is worthy of commanding them. I have sent him 500 rifles, and he will soon be in a condition for active service. I know Johnson to be true, brave, and capable. Few men would prove superior to him at the head of a regiment. I have sent four regiments of twelve-months' men to Virginia. The last two are at Suffolk. I can furnish you four more regiments at once if you desire them, of same class of troops. They are now in camp. I have five a regiments to serve for the war nearly completed. If you decline to take the twelve-months' men, I can raise fifteen or twenty regiments for the war in a very short time. I have three fine field batteries, but lack harness, two caissons, two ammunition wagons, and forges. These things I cannot procure expeditiously . We need a prize court in this State, as we are now engaged in seizing the vessels of the enemy. Our coast defenses are rapidly progressing. No vessel can enter our waters if the guns are skillfully served. I am most anxious to have our defenses inspected by an officer of reputation. Such an inspection would give confidence to our people and strengthen my hands. If you would furnish such an officer, though but for a few days, you would advance the public service thereby in my opinion and confer a lasting favor upon me personally. Mr. Clingman will confer with you on this subject.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHN W. ELLIS.

[2.]

RICHMOND, VA., June 3, 1861.

Governor FRANCIS W. PICKENS,

Charleston, S. C.;

The three regiments mentioned in your telegram to the President will on their arrival here report to the Adjutgant-General and be sent forward to General Beauregad's command. The remaining two or three regiments, after being equipped, &amp;c., the President desires may be held in readiness to await orders.

S. COOPER.

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[2.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE.

Richmond, Va., June 3, 1861.

Governor FRANCIS W. PICKENS.

Charleston, S. C.:

General McGowan's presence with the regiment not required. The regiments as they arrive here will report to the Adjutant-General.

S. COOPER.

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[2.]

