
ANNAPOLIS ACADEMY, Monday night, April 22, 1864.

General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Massachusetts Volunteers:

SIR: Upon consultation my officers do not deem it proper, under the circumstances, to co-operate in the proposed march by railroad, laying track as we go along, particularly in view of a large force hourly expected, and with so little ammunition as we possess. I must be governed by my officers in a matter ammunition as we possess. I must be governed by my officers in a matter of so much importance. I have directed this to be handed to you upon return from the transport ship.

I am, sir, yours, respectfully,

MARSHALL LEFFERTS,

Colonel Seventh Regiment.

[2.]

SPECIAL HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., BRIGADE ORDERS, MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEER MILITIA, Numbers 48. Annapolis, April 23, 1861.

The Eighth Massachusetts Regiment and the Seventh New York Regiment will march to Washington as follows:

The detachment of the eighth, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hinks, which has already pushed forward and occupied the railroad three miles and a half, will remain at its advance until joined by two companies of the New York Seventh Regiment, which will take the train now in our possession and push forward as far as the track is left uninjured by the mob. These companies will then leave the cars, and throwing out proper skirmishers, carefully scouring the country along the line of the road while the working party of the Eighth Regiment is repairing the tack, taking care, however, not a advance so fast as not be in reach of the main body in case of attack. The train of cars will return and take up the advanced detachment of the Eighth Regiment now holding possession of the depot and the advance. These will again go forward as far as can be done with safety on account of the state of the track, when they will leave the train, assist the party repairing it, and push forward as rapidly as possible, taking care that the track is put in order forward as rapidly of the train.

In the meantime the train will return to the depot, and taking on board such a portion of the baggage as may be proper, will again go forward. In the meantime the remaining portion of the Massachusetts and New York regiments will put themselves on the march and consolidate the regiments as rapidly as possible. This roder of march will be substantially maintained until its arrival at the Junction, when further orders will be given, according to the exigencies of the case. The commanders of companies will take great care that their men are not fatigued more than is necessary, that they are properly fed [and] allowed to supply themselves with water along the route. The quartermaster and acting commissary are charged to forward by the train, or by such other means of transportation as they may furnish themselves, sufficient subsistence for the men. This is of the last importance, and every exertion must be made to carry it out.

The colonels will see to it that no violence is offered toprivate property interfered with, except such as may be taken for the use of the Government and a voucher given therefor, to the payment of which the faith of the Government is pledged.

If attacked on the march they are to repel force by force, adding, however, such reasonable amount of punishment to the aggressors as will deter others from interfering with peaceable citizens.

