
sum, say $500, for doing it. Fifth Pennsylvania will be with you (350 sabers) to-morrow at 2 p. m. I am hopping for co-operation. I have thought of Saturday in my own mind for the movement; what say you? Palmer writes me that the whole of Pickett's division is before New Berne. Not quite correct; all but one brigade is. You can converse freely with Haggerty upon this matter, if you need any other than written communication with me. You now have all I can send you. I have sent the Twenty-first Connecticut to Beaufort to aid Palmer.

Yours, truly,

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[33.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, Va., February 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General WISTAR,

Commanding Expeditionary Division, Yorktown, Va.:

MY DEAR WISTAR: So far as I can see, everything is done that can be done within our means for the move on Richmond. Therefore we are to go forward to endeavor to do the services proposed: First. To relieve our prisoners, who must otherwise, it seems to me, of necessity, be starved. Lee is already asking his soldiers to live on half-rations. Can he give more to our soldiers, prisoners? Second. To destroy the public buildings, arsenals, Tredegar Iron-Works, depots, railroad equipage, and commissary stores of the rebels, and thus cripple their resources. Third. To capture some of the leaders of the rebellion, so that at least we can have means to meet their constant threats of retaliation and hanging of our men, white and black. If any of the more prominent can be brought off I believe a blow will be given to the rebellion from which it will never recover. There is one point, and one only, upon which I have not consulted with you fully as I could wish, and that is why I have marked this private, because of its delicacy. If you live, I have every confidence that all will be done that can be done for the success of your expedition - all that courage, coolness, comprehension, and skill can do; but if misfortune meet you, what then? Have you subordinates that can fully take your place? Have they been so fully instructed in our plans as to escape confusion? Should not at least three officers of every separate detachment be instructed in the objects and aims of that force, with orders to carry them out in the event of one falling, or two? do you desire me to send you anybody as second in command in case you are disabled by shell explosion or accident? If so, name him. To you shall be the honor of the execution of the enterprise in any event. Trust me with the utmost confidence in the matter, and I will give you whatever I can that you desire.

Finally, may God preserve you in an undertaking which promises so much for the cause of the country if successful. We can have no aid or co-operation. I have telegraphed to General Halleck to order Meade's army to make at least a feint, and have received in reply a request that I would telegraph myself to General Sedgwick for co-operation, but I am not commanding general of the Army, and Sedgwick will not obey me. I have telegraphed to Sedgwick, however, asking him, as New Berne is besieged, if he can give me aid and relief by a threatening demonstration on Richmond, and if that can be done by Saturday, but have received no reply.* "Another man from England" might

---------------

*See Butler to Sedgwick, VOL. XXXIII, p. 502, and Sedgwick to Butler, abid, p. 512.

---------------

