
the officers of their various departments for duty in the Confederate service, temporarily or permanently, as the exigencies of the public service may require.

It is further advised that the Governor submit to the President a respectful request that he will facilitate the prompt removal to Fayetteville, N. C., of the rifle machinery captured at Harper's Ferry, loaned by the State of Virginia to the State of North Carolina.

It is further advised that the Governor tender to the President the services of the Provisional Army of Virginia, to be incorporated, in whole or in part, into the Army of the Confederate States, upon such terms as may be deemed proper by the President and not inconsistent with the terms of the convention between the State of Virginia and the Confedertae States, and may best subserve the public interest, or to be used as the other forces of the State are used, in the common defense.

* * * *

JOHN LETCHER.

[2.]

TUESDAY, June 4, 1861.*

Present, John J. Allen, president: F. H. Smith, M. F. Maury, R. L. Montague, and T. S. Haymond.

The council had before them the following papers:

RICHMOND, June 4, 1861.

The committee, appointed by resolution of council of 3rd instant, to confer with the President of the Confederate States on certain points embraced in the terms of the resolution adopted, beg leave to report:

1. That the President is willing to accept the tender of services of the volunteers of Virginia by companies, battalions, squadrons, or regiments, and, if by regiments, reserving to the State the appointment of all regimental officers, this reservation giving to the State no power to appoint general or staff officers.

2. That the President is unwilling to bind himself by any pledge or other obligation with respect to the officers of the Army and Navy of the United States who have retired or may retire therefrom and have entered or may enter the service of the State of Virginia beyond that implied in his note to the Governor of Virginia of June 2, 1861, herewith submitted as a part of this report. By this letter it is understood that the President does not feel himself bound to issue commissions to the officers of the Army and Navy of the United States who have entered or may enter the service of Virginia, or to follow the rule prescribed by the ordinance of convention in reference to their relative rank when they are appointed into the Confederate service. He may reverse the grade of these officers by appointing an officer now of inferior rank to a higher grade than another officer who may have ranked himin the U. S. service, but whenever officers are appointed to the same grade their relative rank will not be reversed.

3. The President signifies his willingness to accept the services of the officers, seamen, and marines of the Virginia navy as troops of Virginia now in service for the war.

4. The President is willing to accept the services of the Virginia troops by the mustering rinia mustering officer without the necessity of a remuster, and he deems a general order from the Governor of Virginia directing a transfer to his authority of all the military and naval forces of the State as expedient, that he may be formally invested with the authority conferred upon him as President by the Provisional Constitution of the Confederate States.

In submitting this report this committee do not wish to be considered as agreeing to or dissenting from the positions assumed by the President.

JOHN J. ALLEN.

FRANCIS H. SMITH.

M. F. MAURY.

---------------

*From proceedings of Advisory Council of the State of Virginia.

---------------

