
row mornign transferring all our troops, ordnance stores, &amp;c., to the Government of the Confederate States. As soon as an inventory can bet aken of our ordnance stores, they will be delivered to you.

Vedry respectfully,

GREENLEE DAVIDSON.

Aide to Governor Letcher.

[2.]

NORFOLK, VA., June 6, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN W. ELLIS,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.:

GOVERNOR: I hope to get off to-morrow with some guns, ammunition, engineers, laborers, and intrenching tools for the batteries at Oregon and new Inlets and on Roanoke Island. Mr. D. S. Walton will accompany me. I would commend him to you as well qualified for a commission in the engineer corps, with the rank of captain. I am, and have been, attending to the duties of engineer and ordnance officer to the neglect, I fear, of the general objects of my command. I feel quite anxious to get to New Berne, where I can be in correspondence with headquarters organize and send forwrad the troops to their respective stations, and make myself cognizant of my command. I would respectfully urge upon Your Excellency and efficient orgnaization of the engiener fully urge upon Your Excellency an efficient orgnaization of the engineer and ordnance departements. I will do all I can, but really I cannot undertake in their details to be held responsible for those departments.

I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

WALTER GWYNN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Northern Dept. of the Coast Defenses,

[1.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, AJDT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE. Numbers 66. Richmond, June 7, 1861.

* * * *

II. Colonel Ramsey's regiment of Georgia Volunteers will proceed to Staunton, Va., and report for duty to Brigadier General R. S. Garnett, commanding.

* * * *

VI. Colonel Cash's regiment of South Carolina Volunteers will repair to Manassas Junction, Va., and report for duty to Brigadier-General Beauregard, commanding.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

STEAMER FAIRFIELD, June 9, 1861.

General Gwynn appeals to the county of Currituck to assist in the coast defenses:

The citizens of Currituck should be up and doing in the cruel war that is upon the South. We are called on to defend our firesides and families against a stealthily encroaching and unscrupulous foe. Their obvious aim is to take all they can and to hold all they take. Then let all patriots do what they can to resist and repel such a foe. The commanding general wants men and implements for constructing fortifications. If men and implements for labor be furnished the coast of North

