
Carolina can be and shall be promptly prepared for a successful resistance. This appeal is to the citizens of Currituck County to send laborers, slaves or free negroes, to be put in charge of Major D. S. Walton, at Roanoke Island. Send them on at once. Delay is dangerous. It will be made known when he has enough. Let the laborers be furnished with as many tools as can be spared from the farms of their owners. They shall be taken care of and returned when the work is done. To prevent any mistake or went of knowledge where the laborers are required, the commanding general repeats the direction that it is designed that they will report to Major D. S. Walton, at Roanoke Island. The tools required are axes, spades, shovels, picks, grubbing hoes, and the like. The hands should bring blankets and cooking utensils with them. A strict account of the time will be kept, for which the State of North Carolina will pay a fair price.

WALTER GWYNN.

Brigadier-General, Commanding Northern Dept. of the Coast Defenses.

[1.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE. Numbers 68. Richmond, June 10, 1861.

* * * * *

VII. The battalion of Zouaves from Louisiana under Lieutenant-Colonel Coppens will proceed to Yorktown, Va., and report to Colonel J. B. Magruder, commanding.

VIII. Eight companies of the volunteers from Alabama will also proceed to Yorktown and with the two companies from that State now at Gloucester Point will constitute a regiment, to be commanded by Colonel John A. Winston.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

RICHMOND, June 11, 1861

Captain THOMAS G. WILLIAMS, C. S Army,

Lynchburg, Va.:

Order the men from Kentucky for Colonel Duncan's regiment to Harper's Ferry, and furnish them with transportation. The 1,000 men referred to in your telegram of to-day will be retained until further advised. Report by telegraph the description of troops as they arrive, so that it may be determined here what route they shall take, and hold them in Lynchburg for orders.

S. COOPER.

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[2.]

STEAMER STAG, Bound to Ocracoke, June 11, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN W. ELLIS,

Governor of State of North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.;

GOVERNOR: On my arrival at New Berne I will report to you fully. The object of this present writing is to inform you that I obtained a full supply of guns and shot at Norfolk, but only, 4,000 pounds of powder and some small ordnance stores. On my way I called at Currituck

