
Court-House and ordered two companies which I found organized there, to repair to Oregon Inlet and to report to Major Walton for duty in constructing the battery. I examined that inlet. I have sent forward to-day to that inlet from Hatteras Inlet seventy-one hands, besides otherse which no doubt left Curritock to-day, and from the arrangements which I have made I doubt not in the course of a few days the defenses will have been commenced, and also at Loggerhead and New Inlets, all with a good and efficient force. In order more fully to communicate my views, I will, as soon as I arrange matters at New Berne, report to you at Raleigh and communicate matters verbally, which if reduced to writing would perhaps occupy too much of Your Excellency's time, without being so satisfactory. I find a patriotic spirit prevailing at every point I have touched, and an earnest and anxious desire to defend the honor of the State and repel the mercenary and remorseless foe with which we are contending. God and the people, I believe and trust, will defend the right, and the people, I am sure, will not begrudge the cost.

i have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

WALTER GWYNN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Northern Dept. of the Coast Defenses.

(NOTE.- On arriving in New Berne General Gwynn went right on to Raleigh and made report in person and left Colonel R. R. Collier in charge.)

JAS. SIMMONS.

Military Secretary.

[4.]

RICHMOND, June 12, 1861

HENRY B. KELLY

New Orleans, La.:

The regiment reported by you armed and equipped is received for the war. Cause it to be mustered into service and proceed with it to Lynchburg.

S. COOPER.

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[2.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, June 13, 1861

His Excellency Governor PERRY:

SIR: Your dispatch by the Honorable Mr. Banks was received to-day. We have had many applications for arms from various sources. We have supplied Virginia with some 11,000 stand because she was threatened on all sides, and in addition to our duty and desire to aid her the defense of Virginia was the defense of North Carolina. Other applications have been refused. No refusal gives us more real regret and pain than that to our kindred in Florida, a State which, from close connectino with our people, has so much of our sympathy. The number of volunteerse taking the field here creates uneasiness, lest we so reduce our number of guns that we cannot arm our own forces. Such is the state of public opinion here that at present it would be unwise to part with a single gun. I have, however, to suggest to Your Excellency that you send on your regiment. Let it pass through Raleigh, N. C.; will see that they have something to fight with.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

JOHN W. ELLIS.

[2.]

