SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE. Numbers 71. Richmond, June 14, 1861.

* * * * *

IV. Captains Dorsey's and Murray's companies of the Virginia State forces are transferred to the Provisional Army of the Confederate States, and will proceed at once to Harper's Ferry where they will join the eight other companies of Maryland Volunteers now in service, and with them constitute a regiment of the Maryland Line.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

HARPER'S FERRY, June 14, 1861.

(Via Manassas.)

President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Your dispatch was received last night. Two regiments, under Colonel Hill, have already left for Winchester. The command is prepared to follow, but has been detained from the want of motive power on the railroad. I have burnt the Potomac bridge.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

General.

[2.]

GROVE'S LANDING, June 14, 1861.

General S. COOPER.

Adjutant-General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have carefully examined the various points of defense on James River below here as far as it was possible with my own eyes. When that could not be done I have inquired of the steam-boat captains in the habit of running on this river, and I am satisfied that if the guns were taken from Fort Powhatan and placed at Day's Point, just below Burwell's Bay, they would be much more useful. No ship, I am told, could pass that point if protected by a battery. It is on the right bank of James River. If this be ordered, and done at once, it would strengthen us here very much.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER.

Colonel, Commanding.

The Harriet Lane is now lying off this point, and several visits have been made to it for the purpose of utilizing it, which has been done. If we do not occupy it at once it will be occupied by the enemy, who will establish a base, then attempt to seize the railroad. As it can be done by us with the greatest ease, I respectfully recommend that it be done at once. I also see from this point the necessity of the steamer Teazer, now in our naval service, anchoring at night between this point and the Stone House wharf, and keeping in the day at or near Stone House wharf, to prevent the steam canal-boats of the enemy, which carry 1,000 men each, from stealing up in the night and landing large bodies of troops without the knowledge of any one, which they can do if the utmost vigilance is not enjoined on the commander of this vessel to prevent it.

J. B. M.

[2.]

