
will still remain in the eyes of those people a hopeless contest. They know that the loyal people of that country can never defend Western Virginia against the great States adjacent to them and the traitors among themselves unless they are assisted by a large force from other quarters. In my humble opinion, it is absolutely necessary for the recovery of the Northwest that at least 10,000 men (including General Garnett's present force) shall be sent there independent of the volunteers expected to be received in the West. Every day's delay in furnishing an adequate force will render a larger and still larger force necessary. With regard to the nature of the force to be sent, I have only to suggest that very little artillery will be useful and that a large number of mounted riflemen could be employed with immense advantage. Permit me to add that I will cheerfully aid in bringing the loyal citizens of the Northwest to the active support of the South, but that I cannot hope to have much success until the power of the South shall be demonstrated and the impressions produced by recent occurrences shall be somewhat counteracted.

Very respectfully,

CHARLES W. RUSSELL.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS.

Winchester, Va., June 20, 1861.

General SAMUEL COOPER.

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: Colonel Jackson, with a field battery and four regiments of Virginia Volunteers, is at Martinsburg; Lieutenant-Colonel Stuart, with six companies of Virginia cavalry, between that place and the Potomac; seven battalions are near this place; three battalions under Colonel A. P. Hill are on the road toward Romney, and a battalion under Lieutenant Colonel G. H. Steuart, detached to Harper's Ferry. There are three field batteries with the battalions here. The enemy's movements cannot be ascertained accurately. Yesterday Lieutenant-Colonel Stuart reported him encamped around Williamsport. He was informed by a well-recommended clergyman that he had met 5,000 or 6,000 on the way from Williamsport to Chambersburg going, they said, to Washington. This morning Colonel Stuart reports that a regiment of infantry has returned to our side of the river. All the information I could obtain from this vicinity in Maryland, and from friends in Baltimore, was to the effect that 18,000 men would advance from Chambersburg to co-operate with an army from Ohio. My belief in these reports prevented me from availing myself of an opportunity to strike a hard blow. General Cadwalader's forces which crossed the Potomac probably scarcely exceeded 8,000. The population bordering the Potomac in Virginia is all hostile to us; they inform the enemy of every movement of ours, while we know nothing of his but what we see. I send two prisoners taken by one of Colonel Stuart's men opposite Williamsport yesterday. They represented themselves to be a lieutenant-colonel and private acting as colonel's secretary. Your main re-enforcements, I doubt not, should go to General Beauregard. A few mounted companies are much wanted here. We have not the number required for picket service. If this want can be supplied, I beg that it may be. I had the pleasure to receive 8,000 cartridges this morning, and your letter of the 18th.

Most respectfully,J. E. JOHNSTON.

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[2.]

