
commands thoroughly drilled in company and battalion drill. The details for works on trenches and other fatigue duty is no reason why those not on such duty should to be drilled as usual three times a day. There will be at least one dress parade a day in each regiment and battalion, at which all olrderse will be read. Orderly sergeants will call upon the adjutants of the regiments for orders at 2 o'clock each day, and communicate the same to their captains. Guard-mounting will take place each morning at a prescribed hour. Officers of the day, officers of the guard will be present and guards will be turned off as prescribed in the regulations, the music of each regiment being on the right.

VII. All requisitions, except for ordnance stores and transportation, will be signed by commanding officers of posts. For these the approval of the commanding officer of the department will be needed.

VIII. General courts-martial will be ordered by the commanding officer of the department. Regimental and garrison courts by officers commanding regiemnts and posts.

IX. The following are announced as the staff of the colonel commanding the department viz: Major G. B. Cosby, adjutant-general; Captain Bloomfield, chief quartermaster; Captain Higgins, chief commissary Doctor Crowell, medical director; Lieutenant Stanard and Cadet Magruder, aides-de-campl Lieutenant Otey ordnance officer. Major George Wray is attached to the staff, and will have charged of the civil affairs connected with this command. Captain Higgins and Captain Bloomfield will perform the duteis of post commissary and quartermaster at Yorktown. All these officers will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

X. Colonel Hill will select his post staff and establish his headquarters either in his own camp or in some building in town which he will select. He will, after consultation with the engineer, submit to the commanding officer of the department such further plans of defense as he may deem necessary.

By order of Colonel Magruder:

G. B. COSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS,Winchester, Va., June 21, 1861.

General G. S. MEEM,

Commanding Seventh Brigade, Third Division, Virginia Militia:

SIR: You will please organize a brigade of two regiments from the third Division of the Virginia Militia. It is of great importance that these troops should be organized immediately, as their servcies may be needed here in a few days. Let each regiment, when formed, march without delay to Winchester.

Your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON.

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

P. S. - In the absence of the major-general, this order is given you direct.

J. E. J.

[2.]

10 R R-VOL LI, PT II

