SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE. Numbers 78. Richmond, June 22, 1861

* * * *

VIII. Brigadier General John H. Winder, Provisional Army is assigned to duty as inspector-general of the several camps near this city, adn will enter upon duty without delay.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

CAMP JACKSON, June 22, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, &amp;c.:

DEAR SIR: Amid the turmoil of business I suppose you have forgotten a letter written to you a week since by me. I have been thihkning that you would have by this time issued a sort of private proclamation requiring a brief interview with your humble servant in Richmond at the Department of "Mars." I am not wearied by the ennui of camps, not impatient of restraint, nor anxious for recreation but if thought to be consistent with the service, desire to be in the advancing column when it moves from Manassas. I understand thoroughly the number and character of the forces upon the Potomac from Mathias Point to Evansport and White House, as well as the topography of the country, presenting both defense and avenues of aproach, and viewing it all, I think a part of this force could be so situated as to support Manassas and have sufficient force to defend this locality. Of course you know much better than I do, and this is only a respectful suggestion. I had a personal interview last Sunday with General Beauregard, and on Monday he sent me a communication which I handed to General Holmes for approval. He does not fully approve it. I send you the letter* of Beauregard with General Holmes' criticism upon it. Take it for what it is worth. Shall I expect you to dispatch me on Monday and call me to Richmond? There is a telegraph line from Richmond to our camp, Brooke's Station.

Yours, truly,

WM. B. BATE.

[2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTHERN DEPARTMENT, COAST DEFENSES, Numbers 16. Wilmington, N. C., June 22, 1861.

Pursuant to paragraph 6 of General Orders, Numbers 4. from the Adjutant-General's Office, dated at Raleigh, N. C. June 18, 1861, the undersigned hereby assumes command of this department. All communication for these headquarters from persons under my command will be addressed to Lieutenant Colonel Richard H. Riddick, assistant adjutant-general, who has been assigned to duty in this department by paragraph 7 of the same general orders.

R. C. GATLIN.

Brigadier-General.

[2.]

---------------

*See VOL. II, pp. 932, 933.

---------------

