
WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, June 24, 1861

Colonel W. B. BATE, Aquia Creek, Va.:

MY DEAR SIR: A hazardous service is required to be performed, the nature [and] character of which will be fully communicated to you by Commander Lewis, of the C. S. Navy. The Department has been informed by Commander Lewis (verbally) that General Holmes declines to detrail men for this duty, but has suggested your regiment in this connection. I have requested Commander Lewis to explain to you fully and candidly all the risks, and when you have comprehended them, the whole matter, so far as your regiment is concerned, is submitted to your calm judgment, not to be in any degree influenced by the fact that I have written you this letter or that your regiment has been mentioned in connection with this service. I have positively declined to request you to undertake it, and my sole object in now writing is to urge you against all precipitate action and under no circumstances to assume the reseponsibility of so grave an undertaking is not only feasible, but that the probabilities are in favor of its accoomplishment without incurring more than the ordinary hazards of military operations.

Very truly, your friend.

L. P. WALKER.

[2.]

ATLANTA, June 25, 1861.

[SECRETARY OF WAR:]

Just returned to railroad. My headquarters here for some time. Have consented that Troup Artillery go to Virginia with their battery of four pieces and have given them check for $1,200 to purchase harness. Are subject to your orders at Savannah.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[2.]

DEPARTMENT HEADQUATERS,

Yorktown, June 26, 1861

Major HOOD, Commanding Cavalry:

MAJOR: I wrote to inform the companies under Captains Thomas and Watkins that it would be well to have the women and children sent over to this side Poquosin. I have seen some of the men from there this morning, and they say they are not uneasy about their families and that they can get them over at any time; also, that if the enemy land in force and they are not d against them they can easily cross over themselves in boats and join their companies at Cockletown. Captains Sinclair, Thomas, and Watkins will rendeavous at Cockletown, as already instructed, and I will send down rations for them to-day, for which please order provision returns. I shall estimate the two latter companies at fifty and the former according to his last return. Let them send their returns at once to Captain Higgins. Your quarters are good, I am told, at Bartlett's, but I think not safe. They will be safe at Kit Curtis' and safe at Cockletown; but as I have every confidence in your judgment I leave the matter to your judgment, reminding you that you have a piece of artillery with you which must not be lost. Under present circumstances I shall not attempt to enter Hamptoin, though the bridge may be constructed for future use.

