
numberous offers of aid which have cheeringly come to us from States foreign to us only by a temporary, though most unnatural, political connection with our enemies, none, I am directed to say, has more favorably or pleasantly impressed the Secretary of War than that which I so assuringly conveyed in your letter. He can, however, but express the hope that such friends of this Confederaty as yourself in Maryland will continue to hold yourselves in readiness for the promtest movement, for although the moment has not yet arrived of accepting military assistance from the slave States not of this Confederacy, it is so fully and unmistakably presaged by the swift current of events asto make imperative the most unflagging watchfulness and the amplest preparation on the part of all who expect to make our destiny theirs. These suggestions the Secretary is confident will be closely regarded by your assocates and yourself, adn he supposes that you will from time to time make them known to the trustiest of our friends in your city and State.

Referring to the details of the legislation under which the services of your company (and of all others similary conditions) will, when the necessity shall arise, be received into the service of the Confederate States, I am directed to state-

First. That volunteers companies will be mustered in for a term of service of twelve months "unless sooner discharged."

Second. Said volunteers shall furnish their own clothes, and, if mounted men, their own horses and horse equipments; and when mustered into service shall be armed by the States from which they come or by the Confederate States of America.

Third. Said volunteers so offering their services may be accepted by the President in companies, battalions, and regiments, whose officers shall be appointed in the manner prescribedby law in the several States to which they shall respectively belong; but when inspected, mustered, and received into the service of the Confederate States according to the terms of their respective enlistments.

Fourth. Said volunteers shall be subject to the Rules adn articles of War, and, instead of clothing, every non-commissioned officer and private in any company shall be entitled, when called into actual service, to money in a sum equal to the cost of clothing of a non-commissioned officer or private in the Regular Army of the Confederate States of America.

Fifth. Mounted men are allowed by the act quoted 40 cents per day for the use and risk of their horses, and for horses killed in action compensation according to their appraised value at the date of muster into the service.

In addition to the followintg, I am instructed to say that the expenses of transportation and subsistence of volunteer troops are paid by this Government from the date of muster into the service. The Secretary directs me to assure your associates and yourself of his high esteem and consideration.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. HOOPER,

Private Secretary.

[2.]

CHARLESTON, April 18, 1861.

President DAVIS:

Governor of North Carolina has telegraphed me for every material of war, and is very urgent. Sent him eleven heavy cannon and stopped.

