
industry. Colonel McLaws will make a special report from time to time to these headquarters as to the progress of the artillery companies. All the field and staff officers of this department will live in the encampments with their men, except the field and staff connected with the headquarters of the department. Surgeons in charge of hospitals and chaplains will be allowed to live in quarters.

By order of Brigadier-General Magruder:

G. B. COSBY,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]
HDQRS. NORTHERN DEPT. OF THE COAST DEFENSES,New Berne, June 28, 1861.

Honorable WARREN WINSLOW,

Secretary Military Board, Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: I have now examined the whole coast committed to my charge. I am proceeding to have batteries erected at the inlets, but the coast cannot be defended without mounted artillery and cavalry. I would very respectfully suggest the blending of the two corps to the extent of giving to each company of cavalry a battery of two 6-pounder and two 12-pounder howitzers. The spare dragoons can act as vedettes. At least six companies will be required. I beg most respectfully to refer you to my report to His Excellency Governor Ellis, bearing date 30th of May, and inviting his attention to my former report to him on the 26th of May [27th of May]. There are scarcely men enough now assigned to the department to serve the batteries already erected, and none as a reserve to defend them in case of an attack and a success on the part of the enemy 8in effecting a landing. Such force is necessary in any well-arranged scheme of shore batteries erected to resist a superrior naval force. I beg only to add that such a force is indispensable for the batteries, and that it is useless to keep up those erected and much more useless to erect any more without a further supply of troops assigned to my command. The Winslow is doing good service, having already in a few days made two captures, and clearly the better she does in taking prizes the more likely it becomes that an attack will be made on some of our batteries by the enemy, and then it will be seen, if not sooner, that the forces I am asking ought to have been supplied in time.

By command of Brigadier General Walter Gwynn, commanding:

R. R. COLLIER,

Aide-de-Camp.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE. Numbers 84. Richmond, June 29, 1861.

* * * * *

IX. Captain E. P. Alexander, Corps of Engineers, will proceed to Manassas Junction, Va., and report for duty, with his system of signals, to Brigadier-General Beauregard, commanding.

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

