
ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, June 29, 1861.

Major H. L. CLAY, C. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Lynchburg, Va.:

SIR: On the 14th instant a telegram was directed to Captain Thomas G. Williams, then commissary at Lynchburg, directing that regiments arriving at Lynchburg armed and equipped should be sent to Manassas Junction to report to General G. T. Beauregard, and that regiments and companies unarmed would be reported by telegraph and detained at Lynchburg for orders. It now becomes necessary to modify these instructions, and to require that all troops, armed unarmed, arriving at Lynchburg be held there and immediately reported to this office for orders. For this purpose you will make to this office daily a tabular statement of the arrival of all troops at Lynchburg, giving the designation of the regiments and companies, the State from which they are received, the date of their arrival, whether armed and equipped, and whether mustered into service according to the accompanying form. You will please direct the companies of the regiment of Georgia Volunteers now arriving at Lynchburg from Rome, Ga., to proceed to this place via South Side Railroad.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Assistant and Inspector General.

[2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers --. Manassas Junction, June 29, 1861.

I. The Third Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel Williams, will be relieved from the Third Brigade, General Jones, and assigned temporarily to the First Brigade, General Bonham. Colonel Williams will proceed with his regiment to Fairfax Court-House as soon as transportation can be furnished and report to General Bonham.

II. On the arrival of the Third Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, the First Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel Gregg, will proceed to Fairfax Station, where it will hold itself in readiness to be transported to some point to be designated hereafter.

III. On the departure of the First Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, the Eighth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel Cash, will move to Fairfax Court-House. Its place at Germantown will be supplied by the Eighteenth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, Colonel Withers. The latter regiment and the Twenty-eighth, Colonel Preston's, will be held in readiness to support General Bonham's brigade in case of a sudden attack by the enemy with a superior force. Colonel Cocke will keep his headquarters at Centerville or transfer them to Colonel Preston's camp.

IV. On the departure of the Third Regiment South Carolina Volunteers from Mitchell's Ford, General Jones will detach a company of his brigade to that point to guard the ford.

By order of Brigadier-General Beauregard:

SAML. JONES,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

