
connected with arming my brigade. I commend him to your kind attention, andI ask of you the special favor to render him such aid as will enable him to procure for me arms for my people. I have three regiments completed and a fourth rapidly forming. I lack 1,600 guns to complete my arms. Can you help me? My men handle the rifle with perfect dexterity, and would be most efficient with it; but failing to procure that arm I would be content with the percussion musket. Major Gibboney will attempt to purchase double-barreled guns for my cavalry. Have you any sabers you could spare? Four hundred would make me happy. If you can spare and help to procure these arms for me, I will give my promise to return them or a similar number of equal arms in the progress of a year. Neither the Confederate Government nor the State of Virginia can furnish the arms, and I am fretting extremely under the delay caused by their want. Help me in this, my dear frind, and you will add another great obligation to those I am under to you for countless kindnesses you have shown me for many years.

I am, very truly, your friend,

JOHN B. FLOYD.

[2.]

CAMP JACKSON,

Near Wytheville, July [1], 1861.

Honorable HOWELL COBB:

MY DEAR SIR: This note will be handed to you by my friend Major William Gibboney, who has most kindly consented to visit the South for the purpose of procuring arms, if it be possible, to arm my people, who are all ready for the field but for want of arms. I know your Governor could furnish them if he would. How can he be influenced to do so? I want 1,600 arms, and would greatly prefer rifles; but failing in that would be happy to get the percussion musket. I have three regiments in the field and a fourth rapidly organizing. I beseech you to give all the aid you can to Major Gibboney in procuring the arms, so absolutely essential to me before I can render any aid to the great cause. I will return the arms, of better ones, in the course of a year; so, indeed, it would amount simply to a loan. Add another to the countless obligations you have laid me under by helping me in this hour of my great need.

With the kindest wishes for your prosperity and success at all times, I am, very truly, your friend,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[2.]

RICHMOND, July 2, 1861.

Governor T. O. MOORE,

New Orleans:

Send the Ninth Regiment here.

L. P. WALKER.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS,Winchester, Va., July 2, 1861.

General G. S. MEEN,

Fort Jackson, Va.:

SIR: I have just received your note of the 1st instant. It has just been reported to me officially that the enemy was at the time of the

