
report crossing the Potomac. Let me therefore impress upon you the necessity of the utmost dispatch in moving your brigade to this point.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[2.]

BALDWIN, FLA., July 3, 1861.

Adjutant-General COOPER,

Richmond, Va.:

The regiment designed for Virginia will organize at Jacksonville on the 10th instant. Will you telegraph Captain Stockton or Captain Gibbs to muster in.

M. S. PERRY.

[2.]

RICHMOND, VA., July 5, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to communicate to you officially the inclosed resolutions adopted by the convention of Virginia at its late session. I deem it proper to say that these resolutions were adopted in secret session, and they have only been communicated to you and to the Governor of this Commonwealth.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN L. EUBANK,

Secretary of the Convention.

[Inclosure.]

Report of the committee on "Harper's Ferry machinery, stores," &amp;c., adopted by the convention of Virginia, June 29, 1861.

First. Resolved, That the Governor of the Commonwealth of Virginia turn over and transfer to the Government of the Confederate States, for use during the war, all the machinery and stores captured by the Virginia forces at Harper's Ferry, now in the possession of the State, reserving the right of property in the same.

Second. Resolved, That his convention hereby ratifies and confirms the act of the Governor of the Commonwealth, authorizing the use during the war, by the President of the Confederate States, or those acting under his authority for the common defense, of all the public property, munitions of war, &c., captured from the United States, reserving to the State of Virginia the right of property in the same; and the Governor is directed to preserve an inventory of all property thus turned over, in order that such of it as may be consumed, injured, or destroyed, may be the subject of just account between the State of Virginia and the Confederate States.

Third. Resolved, That the Governor of Virginia be authorized to allow the Confederate Government, on such terms as he may deem just and reasonable, the use of the Armory building, at Richmon said machinery.

A true copy.

JOHN L. EUBANK,

Secretary of the Convention.

[2.]

