
Richmond shall be kept up, with the consent of the President of the Confederate States, and for that purpose post-riders shall hold themselves in readiness to carry communications, which must be forwarded by the colonel of a regiment to the Maryland shore of the Potomac, opposite Aquia Creek. Information having been gotten to the commandant of the Southern troops on the Virginia side, he shall receive the dispatches and cause them of be forwarded to their address. Orders coming from headquarters shall possess supreme authority. The organization formed under this plan shall be known as the "Maryland League."

[Inclosure. Numbers 2.]

RICHMOND, July 6, 1861.

Honorable S. T. WALLIS,

Baltimore, Md.:

MY DEAR SIR: I have forwarded to the honorable Secretary of War of the Confederate States a communication in cipher, the key to which you have already received. The great advantage of this plan is that when Maryland does turn upon her oppressors she will have a regularly organized force, and not a mere rabble without organization. Perhaps a better plan for concentration would be to cause the men to enter Baltimore separately fow two or three weeks before striking a blow. They could be secreted there and held in readiness. The troops, when they enter service, will be required to enter the Confederate Army; but I suppose none will object to this. I would be glad to serve you here in any manner. Answer in cipher and inclose to the Secretary of War.

Respectfully,

JAMES D. McCABE, Jr.

[2.]

RICHMOND, July 8, 1861.

Major H. L. CLAY,

Lynchburg, Va.:

If there are any Alabama companies at Lynchburg not belonging to organized regiments send them here via South Side Railroad. Send here also the companies of the Tenth Georgia Regiment.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[2.]

RICHMOND, July 8, 1861.

Major H. L. CLAY,

Lynchburg, Va.:

Order all Alabama companies at Lynchburg to this point.

L. P. WALKER.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Manassas Junction, July 8, 1861.

Colonel EARLY,

Commanding Sixth Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding has directed to be sent to Fairfax Station some 6,000 wing badges, made in Richmond, which he

