
wishes to be used by the infantry and cavalry of your brigade and that of General Ewell until otherwise directed. Your brigade will wear these badges the yellow side out, and General Ewell's the red side out. Each brigade commander will designate, at their option, the shoulder upon which the wing will be worn by his brigade. All pains and precautions must be taken to make the men of your command understand these badges and to regard them as the insignia of friends, who are not to be fired into under any pretense. It is the intention of the general that your artillery shall wear a different badge - perhaps a red flannel band around the cap or arm. This will be indicated in time and the flannel furnished. Colonel Cocke's brigade will wear a red flannel band badge around the cap or arm. This is communicated, so that it may be made known also to your several regiments, corps, and companies. The general trusts that after the recent catastrophe in one of our advanced brigades it will be unnecessary to impress on your men the need for coolness, an iron nerve, and all possible precautions against the slaughter of our own men.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

THOS. JORDAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

RICHMOND, VA., July 9, 1861.

General WINSLOW,

Raleigh, N. C.:

We are without arms, having issued the last to-day. Our necessities are most urgent. Can you not send us 2,000?

L. P. WALKER.

[2.]

RICHMOND, July 9, 1861.

Major General L. POLK,

Memphis, Tenn.:

The Twelfth and Thirteenth Mississippi Regiments, now at Union City, you will order to Lynchburg without delay. You can supply their places with other troops from such points within your command as you may think proper.

L. P. WALKER.

[2.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, July 9, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I am instructed by the President of the Confederate States to request that you will issue your proclamation calling into immediate service the militia of the counties of Greene, Orange, Madison, Culpeper, Stafford, Rappahannock, Fauquier, Prince William, Loudoun, and Fairfax, of your State, to assemble and report themselves to General Beauregard, near Manassas Junction, with the least practicable delay, bringing with them their arms and ammunition. This force to be called out according to the militia organization of the State, including staff.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[2.]

