
military gentlemen with whom I have conversed consider of no small importance. By way of explanation for this communication and the adoption of the second resolution, I have to say that it is the opinion of many of our citizens, as well as members of the council, that if these defenses should be erected around Richmond it is not alone the duty of our citizens to build them, but as this city is an important point to the Confederate Government, there are the same reasons for the Government taking charge of these works that has induced this to be done at other points. The council, however, is perfectly willing to bear a fair proportion of the expenses. As chairman of the committee of the council, I desire to have an interview with you either on Thursday or Saturday of this week, for the purpose of consulting with you on this subject.

Your attention will oblige your obedient servant,

THOS. H. WYNNE,

Chairman Committee on Defenses.

[Inclosure.]

At a regular monthly meeting of the council of the city of Richmond, held at the council chamber, July 8, 1861, Mr. Winne, as chairman of the committee on defenses, made a report on the condition and progress of the work, and offered the following resolutions, which were adopted:

Resolved, That the mayor of the city be requested to impress the services of such free negroes as he may think proper to work on the fortifications around the city, and the same be put under the charge of the superintendent of defenses, to be employed under such regulations and restrictions as may be ordered by the committee on defenses.

Resolved, That the committee on defenses be instructed to confer with the authorities of the Confederate States for the purpose of making some arrangements for the erection of redoubts around the city, if they are considered necessary.

PETER W. RALSTON,

Clerk pro tem.

[2.]
HDQRS. EASTERN SHORE VIRGINIA FORCES, C. S. ARMY,Camp Huger, July 11, 1861.

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, C. S. A.:

SIR: In accordance with orders received from R. S. Garnett, adjutant-general of Virginia, under date of May 29, 1861, I have mustered into service as active volunteers of Virginia three companies of infantry andone of cavalry, numbering in the aggregate about 220 men. I have transmitted muster-rolls of these companies to the adjutant-general of Virginia, and as this force was included in the transfer to the C. S. Army, I deem it my duty to make this report to you. This force has now been doing active service at Camp Huger for four weeks. The encampment is within three miles of the court-house of Northampton County, Va. Other companies will probably be mustered in at an early day. We are almost entirely cut off from the rest of the Sourthern Confederacy by the blockade of the Chesapeake Bay, and rarely have opportunities of conferring with our Government, and even then at great risk. You can readily perceive, sir, that we would be glad to receive all the information and instructions as to our duty with which you can furnish us. I would be glad to be instructed on the following

11 R R-VOL LI, PT II.

