
points: First. Will volunteers of this force in future be required to enlist for one year or for three, and are they received into the C. S. Army as active volunteers of Virginia? Second. Upon what guarantee of payment can our assistant quartermaster purchase his stores for the troops? (The assistant quartermaster has found great difficulty in the premises. He has no funds, and venders are not assured of certain payment; when and how.) Please be kind enough to send me a copy of the rules and regulations for the government of our Army and any other instructions which you may think we need.

With highest respect, I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

CHAS. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Eastern Shore Virginia Forces, C. S. Army.

[2.]

RICHMOND, July 12, 1861.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Atlanta, Ga.:

The crisis of our fate may depend upon your action. The two regiments you have organized are indispensable to success. For the sake of our cause and the country I bessech you to send them, without standing upon the point of the brigade organization. The President has no power to accept a brigade. If you refuse you will regret it. It is not necessary that I should say more. Semmes' regiment, about which the President wrote you some time since, I have been compelled to order here. You can doubtless supply its place in a few days.

L. P. WALKER.

[2.]

RICHMOND, July 12, 1861.

General A. R. LAWTON,

Savannah, Ga.:

You must also send here at once Semmes' regiment. Our necessities are imminent. I have telegraphed Governor Brown to supply its place.

L. P. WALKER.

[2.]

MANASSAS JUNCTION, VA., July 12, 1861.

Brigadier General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding Second Brigade, Fairfax Station, Va.:

GENERAL: I hope you have understood that on arriving at Union Mills you need not cross the ford to this side, unless compelled to by the enemy, for it would be better, in consequence of our projected operations, to take a favorable position at or about the railroad station at said mill for the object in view. The same must be done by Colonel Rodes at McLean's Ford, when he will enter in communication with General Jones, as you will with Colonel Early, and you will all await my orders for advancing, as already instructed. Your wagons, &amp;c., will cross the Union Mills Ford and retire to rear Colonel Kemper's present encampment at Camp Wigfall, where they will be out of the way. Should you, however, find it necessary to have Colonel Rodes' regiment with you to protect your right flank or rear, you can order him to await your instructions at or near the point where he will have

