
to cross the main road from Union Mills to Centerville. Your movement will be supported by four or six pieces of Walton's battery, perhaps more.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-With regard to Mr. J. Talbot, if any one can answer for him you can let him go, but not in advance of your lines; otherwise send him here.

G. T. B.

[Indorsement.]

SIXTH Brigadier, EARLY'S AND KEMPER'S VIRGINIA VOLS.

AND SLOAN'S SOUTH CAROLINA VOLS.,

July 12, 1861.

Colonel EWELL:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding desires me to say to you that in case of an attack from the enemy his headquarters will be at Mr. McLean's farm house between Camp Walker and Mitchell's Ford. I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. CHISOLM,

Aide-de-Camp.

[2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES, Numbers 32. Richmond, July 12, 1861.

The trains conveying troops are hereafter to start and run upon the time of the schedule. It will be necessary, therefore, for the regiments to be prompt in their movements from the camps to the depots, so as not to cause delay. Baggage must be reduced whenever a regiment receives marching orders, and but one trip of the baggage wagons will be allowed from camp to the railroad. The following is the allowance of transportation for that purpose, which in no case will be exceeded: For each company one wagon, and for the field and staff of regiments five wagons. All surplus baggage must be stored in the city before departure. The quartermaster will see that the baggage arrives at the depot at least one hour before the time of starting the train. This rule will also apply to the transportations of all ordnance and ordnance stores.

By command of General Lee:

GEO. DEAS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, July 12, 1861.

THOMAS H. WYNNE,

Chairman of the Committee on Defenses, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Your note of the 11th instant, inclosing a copy of resolutions adopted by the council of the city of Richmond at a regular monthly meeting held at the council chamber July 8, 1861, has just been received. I fully concur in your views and those of the council, that redoubts should be built around Richmond wherever practicable and necessary. The Confederate Government of course takes the deepest interest possible in this city, not alone because, as you suggest, it is the capital, but because it is a part of the Confederate States. There will be no difficulty, therefore, in having the expense of the construction of such works divided between the Government and the city in such proportion as will be, under all the circumstances, equitable and just. In

