
addition to the above, it is the opinion of this Department that all the available militia force in and about Richmond should at once be put in a course of complete organization and be well drilled. This, as well as the construction of the redoubts referred to, should be promptly attended to, so that the city should be prepared for any contingency that might arise under the fortunes of war.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS FORCES NORFOLK HARBOR,Norfolk, July 12, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE DEAS,

Asst. Adjt. General, C. S. Army, Hdqrs. Forces, Richmond:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a list of the volunteer companies of Virginia under my command, organized into regiments and battalions as far as it can be done at present. It will be seen that all the infantry regiments have their complement of companies except the Forty-first, Colonel Chambliss', which will very soon be filled up by companies now ready to be mustered into service, as I understand. Lieutenant-Colonel Taliaferro has reported to me, agreeably to instructions from general headquarters, but as two lieutenant-colonels were assigned at Richmond to two of the regiments here I have no position for him at present; neither have I any infantry regiment to assign Major Bradford, and his service being indispensable to me as mustering officer and acting inspector-general I do not deem it desirable to attach him to the field batteries, as it is necessary that the field officers belonging to that battalion should be with it. Major D. E. Huger, just appointed, is still on duty with Brigadier-General Withers as acting assistant adjutant-general, but as I have no position to assign him among the regiments under my command I beg leave to report the fact to you.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FORCES NORFOLK HARBOR, Numbers 39. Norfolk, July 12, 1861.

I. General Orders, Numbers 7, of May 11, from these headquarters, is hereby rescinded, and the companies of the Virginia Volunteers belonging to this command will be organized into regiments as folows, viz.:

THIRD REGIMENT.

Colonel, Roger A. Pryor; lieutenant-colonel, F. H. Archer; major, Joseph Mayo.

Companies.

Captains.	 Letter of	 Captains.	 Letter

 company.	 	 of

 	 	 company.

1. Jas. C. Choate.	 A	 6. W. J. Arthur.	 F

2. A. B. Jordan.	 B	 7. R. P. Clements.	 G

3. John C. Griffin.	 C	 8. J. E. Deans.	 H

4. W. H. Hood.	 D	 9. Thomas W.	 I

 	 Ruffin.

5. J. V. Scott.	 E	 10. A. D. Callcote.	 K

