
along the entire coast. I am entirely satisfied, from recent indications and appearances, that we cannot rest secure in the hope that our climate will frighten off the enemy until the coming autumn.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. LAWTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[2.]

RICHMOND, July 13, 1861.

General WARREN WINSLOW,

Raleigh, N. C.:

It is understood that Captain S. D. Ramseur's light battery at Raleigh is all complete and well drilled. It is much needed at Manassas. Please order it on without delay.

L. P. WALKER.

[2.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, July 13, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN lETCHER,

Governor of Virginia:

SIR: I am instructed by the President of the Confederate States to request that you will issue your proclamation, calling into immediate service the militia of all the counties north of James Rive and east of the Blue Ridge that have not been called, as well as all the militia in the valley north of James River. The troops thus called into service will assemble in their respective neighborhoods, or at such rendezvous as you may think best, and in company, battalion, regimental, or brigade organizations, as you may determine, and report themselves for orders to this Department with the least practicable delay, providing themselves with their arms and ammunition. They will be called out according to the militia ogranizations of the State, including staff, and under such regulations as you may prescribe.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

[2.]

SATURDAY, July 13, 1861.*

* * * * *

The Governor having received from the Secretary of War of the Confederate States a communication making a requisition from the President for the call into service of all the militia on the north side of James River to the Blue Ridge and in the valley on the same side of said river, issued a proclamation in accordance therewith, and prescribing the regulations to be observed in organizing the force so called.

* * * * *

JOHN LETCHER.

[2.]

WYTHEVILLE, July 13, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America:

Started Forty-fifth Regiment to-day for Kanawha. Forty-sixth or Forty-seventh will be ready whenever requisitions, already made, are filled. Full particulars by mail.

J. B. FLOYD.

[2.]

---------------

* From the Executive Journal of the State of Virginia.

---------------

