
CORINTH, MISS., July 15, 1861.

S. COOPER, Adjutant-General:

Thirteenth Mississippi Regiment started yesterday at 2 p. m. The Twelfth goes to-morrow.

CHARLES CLARK,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[2.]

FAIRFAX STATION, July 15, 1861.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: As the enemy seem to be making more of a demonstration in this direction than first appeared, as shown by the force at Accotink Village and the occupation of Annandale and Springfield, it has seemed possible that the general commanding the Army of the Potomac might deem it advisable to send a battery or section of artillery to this point. There have been more intrenching and clearing than I first anticipated, and I would stengthen the points for the artillery. I make the suggestion with considerable hesition, not urging the point. In case artillery were sent, it might be best to have the assistance of an engineer officer for a few hours. I think the advisability of this is somewhat doubtful, as there is a long line to defend, but there are better points than I first supposed for the purpose. The state of the river, bridges, &amp;c., would affect the question, as a strong force might get between this and Union Mills Ford by driving the troops at Sangster's Cross-Roads. I think of drawing one of the cavalry companies from Sangster's Cross-Roads to this place. I have no means of examining the country in case of falling back, and for the purposes there one is nearly as good as two, as I should take the due proportion of picket and mounted duty.

Respectfully, &c.,

R. S. EWELL.

[2.]
HDQRS. ADVANCED FORCES, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Fairfax Court-House, Va., July 15, 1861.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The enemy send out large bodies of scouts, so that it becomes more and more difficult to get news of his approach and of the strength of his advancing forces. In view of the fact that the enemy will probably advance in large force, and of the further fact that I must retire by Germantown by a road which is directly along my line of battle, I respectfully inquire whether I shall fall back to Centerville on receiving reliable information of his advance, or small I first engage him to test his strength? If I engage him I will scarcely, then, be able to know his force till his column from Falls Church by Flint Hill shall be so far advanced as to endanger the safe retirement of Williams' and Kershaw's regiments and Kemper's battery. I do not propose to move till the enemy's come, but I would be glad to have explicit instructions as to whether I shall wait to engage him or not when I find him moving on the three approaches to Fairfax Court-House and Germantown.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. BONHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I have this moment heard from a citizen near Accotink that the enemy have moved down three regiments to Dogue Run, on the

