
Telegraph road. Two miles lower on the same road they had a force of 300 on yesterday morning, a few of whom went down as far as Accotink, as it is said.

M. L. B.

[2.]

RICHMOND, July 16, 1861.

Governor ISHAM G. HARRIS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Do you intend sending any Tennessee regiments here?

L. P. WALKER.

[2.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, July 16, 1861.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Manassas Junction, Va.:

You are fully authorized to accept and cause to be mustered into service such of the militia as may offer for the war into existing volunteer regiments, as well as those who offer to organize into new companies for the same purpose.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[2.]

MANASSAS JUNCTION, VA., July 16, 1861-4.30 a. m.

[General EWELL:]

Fall back on this side of the Bull Run and hold it from Union Mills Ford to the west, including the railroad bridge, which you will burn. What artillery you do not want send with Early's brigade to Camp Walker for further orders. Let them (including Early's brigade) take their position from where Jenkins' camp stood toward McLean's farm.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[2.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 120. Manassas Junction, July 16, 1861.

The following will be observed and executed by all concerned in the special contingencies indicated:

I. Brigadier-General Longstreet will hold his brigade in readiness to march at a moment's notice and take position at Blackburn's Ford, one regiment to be placed, with two pieces of Walton's battery, in position in advance of that ford, carefully covered from the view of the enemy, the other two regiments remaining on this side of the ford, concealed from sight as far as practicalbe, but ready to be thrown across at any moment. And when General Longstreet shall hear the enemy engaged on his left, at Mitchell's Ford, he will move and attack him in flank and rear, as already instructed, keeping communication open with Bonham's brigade on the left and Jones' brigade on the right.

II. Brigadier-General Jones will be prepared to move his brigade from Camp Walker simultaneously with the Fourth Brigade to positions at

