
POCAHONTAS COURT-HOUSE, July 17, 1861.

General LEE:

Pardon me for suggesting that from my knowledge of the geography and topography of this country you ought speedily to place a force on the top of the Cheat Mountain (on the Staunton and Parkersburg turnpike) and on the top of the Middle Mountain (on the Huttonsville and Huntersville turnpike). If you can hold these points the enemy cannot get east of the mountains, and 2,000 at either point ought to hold it against 8,000.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SKEEN,

Attorney for Commonwealth, of Alleghany.,

The forces for Middle Mountain would have to come via Millborough Depot, Pocahontas Court-House, &amp;c., or you might call out the militia of Pocahontas and Greenbrier for this point. The enemy, I suppose, will for the next ten days go one-half toward Wise and the other to aid Patterson. This is only my impression, however; then they will return and attempt to advance by one or the other of these routes.

[2.]

MANASSAS JUNCTIONS, VA., July 18, 1861-5 a. m.

General R. S. EWELL,

Union Mills Station:

When you shall have taken your position on other side of Bull Run, order companies at ford and bridge to join their regiments forthwith. Leave some pickets on other side of Bull Run if you desire.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[2.]

RICHMOND, July 18, 1861.

Major H. L. CLAY,

Lynchburg, Va.,

Forward Colonel William Barksdale's Mississippi regiment to Manassas immediately on its arrival at Lynchburg.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[2.]

MEMORANDA.] JULY 18, 1861.

General R. E. LEE:

First. Accept all men who are armed, with any organization or for any time. Second. Accept organized companies, battalions, or regiments for twelve months. This may not interfere with the Governor's effort to raise volunteers for the war, and is better than to issue arms to the militia. Third. Do not call for twelve-months' men to be organized, as this would defeat the effort to get men for the war. Fourth. The best arms should be given to the troops who agree to serve for the longest time.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[2.]

12 R R-VOL LI, PT II.

