
APRIL 19, 1861.

Governor JOHN LETCHER,

Richmond, Va.:

Resolution for alliance received. Proposition cordially accepted. Conmissioner will be sent by next train.

JEFF'S DAVIS.

[2.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Montgomery, April 19, 1861.

Honorable ALEXANDER H. STEPHENS,

Vice-President of the Confederate States of America, &amp;c.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that you have been appointed by the President special commissioner of the Confederate States to the Government of the Commonwealth of Virginia. Herewith you will find the ordinary letters of credence and introduction. The Governor of Virginia having communicated to the President a copy of a resolution adopted by the c ovention of Virginia, instructing the former to acquaint the President with the fact that the convection had reassumed the powers delegated by Virginia to the Federal Government, and that it was the earnest desire of that State to enter into an alliance, offensive and defensive, with the Confederate States, it is the chief object of your mission to convey to the Governor and people of Virginia the hearty congratulations of this Government on her separation from the Federal Union; of the anxious desire of the President and the people of the Confederate States to establish the closet and most friendly relations with the State of Virginia, and to conclude an alliance, offensive and defensive, between that Commonwealth and the Confederate States on terms mutually advantageous to both the contracting parties, and looking to their long union undera common government. In view of the invasion with which the Confederate States are threatened by the Government at Washington, and of the paramount duty of the President to use all the powers vested in him for the protection of the rights and liberties of the people of the Confederate States, it is indispensable that the control and direction of all offensive military movements should be vested exclusively in the President. Therefore, in yor negotiation of the proposed alliance, you will regard it as an essential condition that explicit provision be made conferring this power on the President.

I am, sir, very respectfully, yours,

R. TOOMBS,

Secretary of State.

[Inclosure.]

Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States of America, to all whom tall concern, greeting:

Know ye, that for the purpose of establishing friendly relations between the Confederate States of America and the Commonwealth of Virginia, and reposing special trust and confidence in the integrity, prudcence, and ability of Alexander H. Stephens, Vice-President of the Confederate States of America, appointed special commissioner of the Confederate States to the commonwealth of Virginia, I have invested him with full and all manner of power and authority, for and in the name of the Confederate States, to meet and confer with any person or persons authorized by the Government of Virginia, being furnished

