
Nashville, July 20, 1861.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Three regiments will to-morrow commence moving to Virginia. By Monday it is expected two others will be designated for your service.

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[2.]

KNOXVILLE, July 20, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Governor Harris has ordered me to move my three regiments of infantry to Lynchburg, Va. I will commence the move to-morrow, and will go with the troops. I learn two more regiments will be sent from Nashville in a day or so to same place.

S. R. ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General.

[2.]

STAUNTON, July 20, 1861.

[Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:]

DEAR SIR: As Staunton has been made one of the places of rendezvous for the troops called into service, I regard it of the highest importance that there should be a military officer of intelligence and character in command of the post. Everything is now in the hands of the quartermaster, M. G. Harman, who is a civilian unacquainted with military law or usages, and who has rendered himself exceedingly obnoxious to officers and soldiers. To-day there was a state of things which threatened an emeute. I was induced to interpose to prevent it, but there is no knowing what may be the consequence if some change is not made. I should be very much gratified if you could make a visit here or send some confidential agent. You would learn things that would surprise you. The officer in command here should be a calm, dignified man, who would possess the confidence of the public. The expenditures at this point are enormous and the public interests would not suffer from being vigilantly looked after. You can scarely imagine the depth of the feeling occasioned by the call for the militia en masse. Men go to the battle-field with very little alacrity when they feel that they leave their wives and children exposed to horrors to which their own perils are as nothing. The case ought to be modified, or the people may be driven to desperation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. H. H. STUART.

[2.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES, Numbers 227. Richmond, Va., July 20, 1861.

* * * * *

VIII. Brigadier General W. W. Loring, Provisional Army, C. S., is assigned to the command of the Army of the Northwest, and will proceed as soon as possible to Monterey. The following officers of the Provisional Army will report to Brigadier-General Loring for duty: Colonel C. L. Stevenson,

