
absolutely necessary to secure the flanks of our position; as General Lee has authorized me to get them wherever I can, not taking them from any positions at Jamestown bearing upon the channel, and as General Huger has sent me word that he can furnish me with four 32-pounders, old pattern, and their carriages; and as I am satisfied this would meet with the approbation of General Lee, who is perfectly acquainted with my plans here, I beg that the proper authorities will assist me in barring this gate, which now stands wide open, on the road to Richmond. I will permit General Huger to send me the guns, which he says he does require at present, and will forward the necessary ammunition for the same without delay. I send Mr. Poor, of the engineers, with this. He bears a letter to General Huger, and I hope he will excpedited in his arrangements to procure the guns. I beg leave to remark further that the guns at Spratley's would assist very greatly in preventing a landing at the east end of Jamestown Island.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[2.]

MANASSAS, July 21, 1861-7.30 p. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, Richmond:

As far as I can learn we have won the battle, but with heavy loss. Colonel Bartow killed; also Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson, of Hampton's Legion. General Bee is mortally wounded, and it is feared General E. Kirby Smith also. I will telegraph as get intelligence.

THOS. G. RHETT.

[2.]

RICHMOND, July 21, 1861.

Major H. L. CLAY,

Lynchburg, Va.:

Send the three Tennessee regiments as they arrive at Lynchburg immediately to Staunton, there to report to Major M. G. Harman.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.

[2.]

MANASSAS JUNCTION, VA., July 21, 1861.

[General R. S. EWELL?:]

GENERAL: You will hold yourself in readiness to take the offensive on Centerville at a movement's notice, to make a diversion against the enemy's intended attack on Mitchell's Ford and probably Stone Bridge. You will protect well your right flank against any attack from the eastward. General Holmes' brigade will support your movement. If the enemy is prepared to attack in front of your left, leave it in position with orders to take the offensive when it hears your engagement on the other side of the run. I intend to take the offensive throughout my front as soon as possible.

Respectfully,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[2.]

