
of the adjacent country, I am satisfied that the point now occupied by our troops is the strongest and most available to be found, and the Georgia regiment there stationed was not a participant in the recent and remarkable panic. To me it is altogether obvious that the only way to hold this country at all is by adopting the guerrilla system, and that by this system, with ordinarily active and cheerful troops, it can be done. With a view of preventing the demoralization of the new regiments, which are now upon the road, by contact with the disorganized wrecks of Colonel Ramsey's recent command, I have thrown the larger portion of the latter to McDowell, a point twelve miles in our rear, to recruit and refit themselves. I will endeavor to make out and send you to-morrow a statement of the entire strength of the forces which remain under my command. I would beg to reiterate in conclusion that the presence of the commanding general would add new life, energy, and hope to all.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY R. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY STATION,July 21, 1861.

General H. R. JACKSON,

Commanding Forces at Monterey:

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that everything is quiet this morning in the direction of the enemy. My scouts are advanced upon every road and have abserved no suspicious movement whatever. Yesterday I sent forward forty riflemen to take the bush and to penetrate as far as possible to the top of Cheat Mountain. They have rations for two days, and are ordered to report everything to me. You shall be duly and promptly advised of any movement here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. JONES,

Major, Commanding Cavalry.

[2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 136. Manassas Junction, July 21, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel Richard Snowden is placed on special duty with this army, and is authorized to join any brigade engaged and opposed to artillery, in which event he will be furnished with a detachment of picket riflemen to shoot fuse-balls into caissons and ammunition wagons.

By command of Brigadier-General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH BRIGADE, ARMY OF THE SHENANDOAH, Numbers 1. Piedmont, Va., July 21, 1861.

I. The undersigned assumes command of this brigade, and of all troops now at this place.

* * * * *

IV. The troops will move in the following order for Manassas Junction, viz: - Brigade: Ninth Georgia, Colonel Goulding: Eleventh

