SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 146. Manassas, July 22, 1861.

The command of General Beauregard as it stood organized on the 20th instant into brigades or separate commands will for the present return to that organization with the following headquarters: First Brigade, Brigadier General M. L. Bonham, at Centerville; Second Brigade, Brigadier-General Ewell, at or about Union Mills in advance; Third Brigade, Brigadier General D. R. Jones, at a position on Union Mills and Centerville road about half way between Braddock's road and Union Mills Ford; Fourth Brigade, Brigadier-General Longstreet, at or about the crossing of the Union Mills and Centerville road and the Braddock road; Fifth Brigade, Colonel Cocke, at or about Suspension Bridge over Cub Run; Sixth Brigade, Colonel Early, in position on Bull Run one mile above Stone Bridge; Evans' command at or about Stone Bridge, except Hunton's Regiment Virginia Volunteers, which will remain at these headquarters for the present. Colonel Radford will concentrate such of his companies as are not specially detached at a point on Bull Run to the left of Mitchell's Ford. The commanders of all regiment will take immediate measures for collecting stragglers from other regiments, who will be then sent forthwith under an officer and proper guides to join the headquarters of the several brigades to which they may belong.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 147. Manassas, July 22, 1861.

I. The President deeming it important that General Holmes shall return with his command to his former position at an early moment, he will accordingly prepare to march in the morning.

II. The President regrets to be obliged, at this juncture, to request this movement of General Holmes after his remarkable march to the support of this army at a critical juncture - a march which the general commanding has to express his sincere thanks, as also for the critical service rendered on the field of battle yesterday by that portion of the brigade which was called to the immediate scene of action.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT,Williamsburg, July 22, 1861.

Colonel L. McLAWS,

Tenth Georgia Regiment, Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: General Magruder directs that you have your troops when not engaged in active works in readiness to march at a moment's warning either to Grove's Wharf or King's Mill, and arrange them to the works and lines they are to defend should it be necessary. Include in the arrangement the troops at King's Mill, viz, the Fifteenth Virginia Regiment and the Second Louisiana Volunteers, as well as the artillery and the Wythe Rifles. It is well that the troops should be accustomed

