
to form rapidly in the position they are to occupy in line. Report to me in writing the arrangement you propose, and please call with it at these headquarters when at leisure.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. B. COSBY,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

DEPARTMENT HEADQUARTERS,

Williamsburg, July 22, 1861.

Colonel ROBERT JOHNSTON,

Commanding Cavalry, Cockletown:

SIR: To avoid any surprise at Bethel to the picket stationed there, if there is one there, another might be kept at the milldam or crossing below. Pickets should be kept out in such a manner as to prevent infantry moving through the woods to Cockletown. Captain Philips and others can indicate the points to Colonel Johnston, who will be very vigilant. It is thought by the commanding general that thirty infantry is too small a party to send out in ambush, but it is desired that the enemy be pressed back and kept from marauding as much as possible.

By command of General Magruder:

G. B. COSBY,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

STAUTON, [July] 22, 1861.

General R. E. LEE:

I am here by order of General Jackson with the remmant of six companies of the Twentieth Regiment - A, B, C, D, E, and F - with orders to report at general headquarters. I have with me Companies G and H, which are on parole. Shall I bring all the companies to Richmond? Answer by telegraph.

NAT. TYLER,

Major, Commanding.

[2.]

RALEIGH, July 22, 1861.

The PRESIDENT:

SIR: The Governor directs me to inclose to you a communication from General Gatlin relative to the necessity of erecting two additional batteries for the defense of Wilmington, according to Whiting's plan. Captain C. Lee arrived to-day, and as he will report to you about the forts the Governor avails himself of the opportunity of suggesting that we have engineer officers competent to finish the fortifications at Hatteras and Ocracoke and on the Cape Fear. As the troops there will have to be paid and the expense of finishing the fortifications to be met, he would undertake the matter upon your sending him $50,000 in Confederate bonds, keeping an account of the disbursements and advancing the money on them. This suggestion is made predicated upon the fear expressed by you to me that you would find it difficult to furnish officers, and that as the General Government had assumed the jurisdiction of the forts and would undergo the expense of garrisoning them it would possibly relieve you for us to advance the funds on the bonds.

