SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 162. Manassas Junction, July 24, 1861.

I. On account of the recent great increase of this army corps and the difficulty experienced in procuring transportation, the general commanding is obliged to direct that the transportation shall be limited to one four-horse wagon and train, or its equivalent, to every 100 men, and some for each brigade staff and each hospital.

II. After retaining the means of transportation thus prescribed, all remaining in possession of brigade or regimental quartermasters will be sent in and transferred to the chief quartermaster for the general service of his department.

III. These reductions are essential for the success of military operations pregnant with momentous results, and the general commanding feels assured the officers and men who won the day at Manassas will cheerfully submit to any temporary deprivations to which they may be subjected on that account. When the advance is made, nothing will be carried at the time but knapsack, cooking utensils, and three days' rations.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 163. Manassas Junction, July 24, 1861.

I. Captain H. E. Peyton, of Virginia, is appointed volunteer aide-de-camp to the general commanding in acknowledgment of valuable services on the field of battle at Manassas.

II. Colonel L. M. Hatch, quarter[master]-general of South Carolina, having volunteered his services, will be on the staff as volunteer aide-de-camp, and for the present will be specially intrusted, under Major Cabell, chief quartermaster, with the duty of receiving, quartering, or locating and dispatching elsewhere all prisoners of war and wounded of the enemy, and all troops arriving at Camp Pickens, except militia, who will report to Colonel Terrett. Colonel Hatch will be particularly charged with regulating the hours of arrival and departure of the special trains, and with such other duties as may properly appertain to the special branch of the department assigned to him.

III. Colonel Joseph Walker, commissary-general of South Carolina, having tendered his services as volunteer aide-de-camp, will be assigned to service at the depot at Camp Pickens, under the direction of Colonel Lee, chief commissary, with the special duty of seeing that all troops arriving at Camp Pickens are promptly and properly supplied with subsistence and water.

IV. Colonels Hatch and Walker will be supplied with a horse and tent each b the chief quartermaster, and such orderlies and messengers as their duties may require, and will establish themselves as near to the officers of the chiefs of their respective staff departments as may be practicable.

V. All the militia who will take service as teamsters, mechanics, or laborers in the quartermaster's department for three months will be paid the usual wages and be at once discharged from militia service.

By command of General Beauregard:

[THOMAS JORDAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

[2.]

