
LYNCHBURG, July 24, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that in obedience to orders from Governor Harris I arrived in this city to-day. One of my regiments (Colonel Hatton's) has gone forward to Staunton. Colonel Maney will go up to-morrow or soon as transportation can be furnished; Colonel Forbes' regiment, Captain Hart's rifle company, and Captain Alexander's cavalry company are still behind. We expect them forwarded here in a day or so. This, with Captain Rutledge's artillery company of six guns, 6-pounders, now at Knoxville, will constitute my command. Captain Rutledge will come forward as soon as he is fully equipped. I am without orders from headquarters as to what I am to do or under whose command I am to be placed. I have received no commission; to all of which I desire to call your attention. Connected with my command I ordered, and they are now at Bristol, Tenn., a baggage and ammunition train of some seventy-five or eighty wagons and teams of two mules each, with wagons and wagon-master. What am I to do with them? Shall I cause them to be brought forward, or let them remain at Bristol for further orders? I take pleasure in saying to you that my command is well drilled, armed, and equipped, and composed of the best material of the State. I do not hesitate to say that they will render good service whenever opportunity offers. We have some 300,000 rounds of ammunitin with us, and will soon receive some 400,000 more. What shall I do with it? It should be in striking distance of the command. This will be handed to you by Colonel Maney, who will explain to you other matters connected with the command.

I am, yours, respectfully,

S. R. ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General of the Provisional Army, C. S.

[2.]

MEMPHIS, July 24, 1861.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

I have had a confederate with Governor Harris as to your call for six regiments. He says he can spare only five. As your call is pressing, I send you the Sixteenth Mississippi Regiment from Corinth.

L. POLK.

[2.]

RICHMOND, July 25, 1861.

Governor A. B. MOORE, Montgomery, Ala.:

As soon as you have armed W. B. Wood's and Jones Cantey's regiments send them here. Tents will be furnished here. Additional companies for Fort Gaines are not needed, other than those you have recently supplied.

L. P. WALKER.

[2.]

LYNCHBURG, July 25, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War:

Three Tennessee regiments have come forward. Two more, commanded by Colonels Fulton and Savage, are at Bristol awaiting orders. Shall they be ordered to this place or remain at Haynesville?

S. R. ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General.

[2.]

