
RICHMOND, July 25, 1861.

Brigadier General S. R. ANDERSON, Lynchburg:

Order the two Tennessee regiments now at Bristol to proceed to Lynchburg.

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

[2.]

LYNCHBURG, July 25, 1861.

General S. COOPER:

Your dispatch received. All my clothes, camp equipage, horses, &amp;c., are gone to Monterey. General Donelson is here without incumbrance. If agreeable, I would like your order to be changed. Let me hear the result. The change of direction will be very inconvenient.

S. R. ANDERSON.

[2.]

UNION MILLS, July 25, 1861.

General BEAUREGARD:

SIR: In a conversation with Major James, Louisiana Sixth Infantry, he has left the impression on my mind that you think some of your orders on the 21st were either not carried out or not received by me. My first order on that day was to hold myself in readiness to attack - this at sunrise. About 10 o'clock General Jones sent a copy of an order received by him, in which it was stated that I had been ordered to cross and attack, and on the recept of this I moved on until receiving the following:

10.30 a. m. - On account of the difficulties of the ground in our front, it is thought advisable to fall back to our former positions.

G. T. B.

If any other order was sent to me I should like to have a copy of it, as well as the name of the courier who brought it. Every movement I made was at once reported to you at the time, and this across Bull Run, as well as the advance in the afternoon, I thought were explained in my report sent in to day. If an order was sent earlier than the copy through General Jones, the courier should be held responsible, as neither General Holmes nor myself received it. I send the original of the order to fall back in the morning. The seconf advance in the afternoon and recall to Stone Bridge were in consequence of verbal orders. My chief object in writing to you is to ask you to leave nothing doubtful in your report, both as regards my crossing in the morning and recall, and not to let it be inferred by any possibility that I blundered on that day. I moved forward as soon as notified by General Jones that he was ordered and I had been. If there was an order sent to me to advance, before the one I received through General Jones, it is more than likely it would have been given to the same express.

Respectfully,

R. S. EWELL,

Brigadier-General.

[2.]

RICHMOND, July 26, 1861.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Manassas, Va.:

Colonel J. A. Early has been appointed brigadier-general. General R. Toombs will join promptly. N. G. Evans assigned to temporary rank

