HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Vienna, Va., July 26, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Colonel Radford has just informed me that it was the expectation of General Johnston that I would capture some of the enemy's abandoned property at this place. I found none here whatever. Captain Wickham and Captain Stevens, with a small party of cavalry, were sent by me this afternoon to make a reconnaissance of the country as far as Taylor's Hill. They extended it to within a little over a mile of Bailey's Cross-Roads, where they learned the enemy had troops, say about two regiments.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. BONHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[2.]

DEPARTMENT HEADQUARTERS,

Williamsburg, July 26, 1861.

Colonel ROBERT JOHNSTON,

Commanding Cavalry, Cockletown:

SIR: General Magruder directs that you will order the troops, except the cavalry, to return to their respective stations by the evening of the 30th, that being the day when your rations are exhausted. Should, however, reliable information reach you that the enemy in force are marching to Williamsburg or Yourktown or making a serious move by water, you will fall back to those places at once, and will always keep your troops prepared to move at a moment's warning. The cavalry will remain below at their old station, and will use every exertion to gain information of the enemy and drive back small parties.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. B. COSBY,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

CORINTH, MISS., July 26, 1861.

General S. COOPER:

The Sixteenth Regiment Colonel Posey, 900 strong, left for Richmond this day.

CHAS. CLARK,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 29, 1861.

The Sixteenth Regiment Mississippi, Colonel Posey, on its arrival at Lynchburg will proceed to Staunton, where instructions will await it.

S. C[OOPER].

[2.]

RICHMOND, July 26, 1861.

Honorable GEORGE DAVIS:

MY DEAR SIR: I beg leave, in behalf of the committee of safety of the town of Wilmington, to hand you a copy of a letter addressed to

