
light. These batteries would force the enemy to lie well off the shore, which for several miles has three fathoms of water within half a mile of it, and would serve to prevent his landing, for which this part of the coast offers many facilities. A landing would endanger, if not make certain the loss of, Confederate Point battery, and thus give the enemy control of this side of the river. A camp has been established at the head of the sound, and will be occupied by nine companies of the Eighth Regiment. They are to operate against the enemy should he attempt to land on that part of the coast or upon the banks, and to facilitate their movements a military road should be opened along the sound from the camp to Topsail Inlet. I am clearly of opinion that the works contemplated should be executed without delay. Captain Lee, C. S. Army, made and inspection of the defenses, and has doubtless forwarded his report to the War Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[2.]

LYNCHBURG, July 26, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General:

I have ordered the troops at Bristol to this place, by direction of the Secretary of War. Does this change your order of yesterday?

S. R. ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General.

[2.]

RICHMOND, July 27, 1861.

Brigadier General J. E. JOHNSTON, Manassas:

There are two regiments Mississippi regulars at Iuka for the war, waiting for arms to join you. If you can furnish them they will be immediately ordered forward. Can you do so?

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS,Williamsburg, July 27, 1861.

Colonel CHARLES A. CRUMP.

Gloucester Point:

COLONEL: General Magruder directs that you will assign each battalion and company under your command to the place it is to defend in case of an attack on Gloucester Point. Your command will be paraded in order of defense and familiarized with their proper places, so as to take them at a moment's notice and without confusion. Colonel Winston has been directed to send Captain Meade to Gloucester Point to examine the works there, and to indicate any changes that he may deem essential. He has been particularly instructed to examine whether it be practicable to throw up traverses to protect the lines from a reverse fire from the river. You will please examine the works with him and suggest any changes you may consider necessary.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. B. COSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

