
EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Raleigh, N. C., July 27, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

SIR: In reply to the letter of General Huger, stating that 'some weeks since he wrote to the Executive of North Carolina, requesting two regiments of the State might be kept at Garysburg and sent to him when wante," I have the honor to state that several regiments of North Carolina troops have been formed at Garysburg and forwarded to your order in Richmond, and three of them are now, by your orders, I presume, under the command of General Huger. I felt no disposition to keep one or two regiments at Garysburg; and had I felt disposed, your own demand for troops has hurried them forward as fast as their organization and health would allow. Major Ramseur's battery will leave for Riichmond on Monday. They have been detained for want of horses and harness. Captain Moore's battery is now preparing and equipping, and can probably leave soon. We are greatly retarded here for wantof the guns, horses, and necessary appendages. If any of your captured batteries are fit for service, we can immediately send on Captain Moore or Captain Brem with their artillery companies to take charge of them. For the want of guns we shall have to detail them to our own coast. The Fourth Regiment of NOrht Carolina State Troops, Colonel Anderson, has attached to it and artillery company, Captain Reilly, now in Virginia, which perhaps you might use for that purpose.

Very respectfully,

HENRY T. CLARK.

[2.]

RICHMOND, July 27, 1861.

Governor CLARK,

Raleigh, N. C.:

The President desires you will send S. D. Ramseur' s battery, as originally requested, to Suffolk. If you have another available battery you are requested to send it to General T. H. Holmes, at Fredericksburg. The telegraph of 25th did not relate to Ramseur's battery.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General

[2.]

RICHMOND, July 27, 1861.

General D. S. DONELSON,

Lynchburg, Va.:

Proceed immediately to Staunton and take command of the two Tennessee regiments ordered to Huntersville.

By order of the President:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS,Manassas, July 28, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: This army, both General Beauregard's troops and mine, is without adequate means of transportation. It would be impossible

