HEADQUARTERS,Manassas Junction, August 1, 1861.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding First Corps, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: By your order I make the following report of orders given by you to me and carried out and borne by me during the day of the battle of Manassas, July 21, 1861: Soon after daylight on that day, after writing several orders according to your dictation, your ordered me to proceed to General Jackson, stationed with his briaged as a reserve near Blackburn's Ford, to conduct him to the level piece of land to the south of Bull Run, between the brigades of Generals Bonham and Cocke, with orders that he should support the latter on his left. After showing him the ground he wished to communicate with General C., and upon consulting with him thourght best to bring the head of his column as far as the foot of the hill on which Lewis' house stands, and allow it to extend along the run, keeping a short distance from it. This determination I communicated to you on my return near headquarters. After bearing your orders to the ordnance officer and commissary to make depots of ammunition and provisions at Lewis' house, I joined you near Mitchell's Ford. About 10.30 a. m. you sent me with orders to Generals Longstreet, Jones, and Ewell to fall back to their former positions at the fords which they had been guarding. I found Generals Longstreet and Jones in advance of their fords. General Jones was very anxious to know why General Ewell had not also advanced to support him. Delivering yor orders, I proceeded along Pope's Run to General Ewell's position at Union Mills Ford. I found the general had advanced a portion of his brigade across the ford, and he himself I found at his headquarters on the opposite side. General Ewell seemed very uneasy, fearing you had sent him and order which had not been received. I returned, finding you on a hill near Mitchell's Ford. My horse having been ridden down, I was obliged to send my orderly for a fresh one to the troop near by. Whfor it you proceeded to Lewis' house. I came on as quickly as possible, and found on the hill several members of the staff. I was told by them that it was your order that we should wait there for you, but wishing if possible to be with you, I proceeded to a hill between Lewis' and the turnpike, where we had a battery which the enemy were trying to destroy with their artillery. Not being able to learn where you were, I returned to Lewis' and waited a short time. Again I started to join you, and when at the pines near where Rickett's battery was taken, I saw the remnants of a regiment commanded by Colonel Allen coming out in disorder, saying they had been cut to pieces and lost their field officers. Fearing they would spread alarm among our troops, I stopped and collected them together. Just then Colonel Allen arrived on the spot, and I told him what I had done, begging him to keep his men from retiring and spreading alarm, which he did. Hearing that you were in front of us, Colonel Miles and myself proceeded to join you. In the pines we were met by a captain who said he had just been driven from a battery which he had taken, and which for want of re-enforcements he had not been able to hold. I immediately went in search of assistance, and met General Cocke advancing with his command. I informed him of the circumstances, and he immediately gave the word "forward," and his brigade dashed forward with great spirit, Colonel Preston's regiment leading. After this I met General Jackson (wounded) and asked him if I could not be of some service to him. He rode forward and showed me a hill on which he wished a battery placed, with the portions of regiments which I had collected together to support it. I

