
conducted the battery into position, and showed the commanding officer where he wished the fire of the guns to be directed. Almost immediately a regiment of the enemy appeared where the general expected, and the battery opened upon them. Soon after the rout commenced I joined General Johnston. Just then Colonel Radford with his cavalry rode up. Hearing General Johnston say he was not acquainted with the topography of the country, I offered to guide Colonel Radford wherever he should order. He directed me to conduct him to the turnpike. Colonel Radford said he wished to enter it as low down as possible. I guided him by Ball's Ford through the woods to a point on the turnpike near the Suspension Bridge on Cub Run, emerging from the woods between 100 and 200 yards from the raod. Here we discovered a battery drawn up to receive Colonel Radford, which opened upon us with grape-shot. Colonel Radford charged the battery, sweeping everything before him, taking at the same time Colonel Corcoran and the colors of the Sixty-ninth New york Regiment, a number of officers, and fifty or sixty privates, Colonel RAdford proceeding on at once. Finding some confusion among the men in charge of the prisoners, I took command of them, organizing a guard, and reported to you at Lewis' house. You afterward ordered me to post Colonel Elzey's brigade at Camp Walker, which I did, and returned to headquarters, Manassas, about 10 p. m.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. CHISOLM,

Aide-de-Camp.

[2.]

RICHMOND, August 1, 1861.

Brigadier General S. R. ANDERSON,

Lynchburg, Va.:

Proceed to Staunton and report to General R. E. Lee, who will assign you.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[5.]

CAMP BEE, Alleghany County, Va., August 1, 1861.

Brigadier-General LORING:

SIR: I hasten to answer your note of yesterday, received to-day just as I reached the encampment. My information from General Wise is not very explicit or satisfactory, but from such as I have I infer he is retreating upon Lewisburg and will probably be there to-day. His retreat leaves open all the country from Kanawha to this region, and enables the enemy either to threaten your flank or to march upon the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad in the county of Pulaski. I will be in communication with General Wise to-morrow, and if I receive any particular information worthy of notice I will send it to you. If nothing further transpires to change the aspect of things, I will advance toward Covington very shorthly. Our second regiment will be here to-morrow. We have four companies of horse, but they are illy provided with arms. The third regiment was ready to leave Wytheville but for want of arms. If they are promptly furnished that regiment will be ready at once to take the field.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[5.]

