SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES, Numbers 240. Richmond, August 2, 1861.

* * * * * * *

IV. The Albemarle Everett Artillery, Captain William H. Southall, will proceed to Williamsburg as soon as transportation can be provided and report to Brigadier General J. B. Magruder.

V. The companies of Georgia Volunteers commanded by Capts. H. J. Smith and Michael Lynch will proceed to Manassas Junction, and thence march to report to Lieutenant Colonel W. D. Smith, commanding Georgia Battalion with the Army of the Potomac.

VI. The company of Kentucky Volunteers now attached to Colonel Blanchard's regiment from Louisiana is transferred from that regiment, and will move immediately to this place, where it will join the battalion of Kentucky troops under Major B. Anderson. This battalion will then proceed to the Army of the Potomac, and be there embodied into a regiment with the six companies from Kentrucky now with that army. The field officers will be appointed in further orders.

By order of the Secretary of War:

GEO. DEAS,Assisstant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

DEPARTMENT HEADQUARTERS,

Williamsburg, August 2, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE DEAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Richmond:

SIR: I have the honor to report that it has just come to my knowledge (or at least a few days since) that the gun carriages of the naval battery at Yorktown are made of pine, and that they will not stand ten discharges of the gun. Yorktown being the key to Richmond, the batteries there and opposite ought to be put in the best condition without delay. I beg, therefore, that barbette army carriages for six columbiads be made with the least possible delay for these guns. Perhaps they can be furnished now. The irons of these gun carriages are miserable also. I have to request that an active and intelligent navy officer be ordered to report to me for service with this battery.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Gauley, August 2, 1861.

General A. W. G. DAVIS:

MY DEAR SIR: I am greatly disappointed at not hearing from you since you left camp. I am sure you have written, but I have received no letter. Everything depends (probably the safety of my command) upon procuring transportation in your county to send on the regiments and abundant supplies of flour from here. The enemy is moving a very heavy force from Suttonville upon me at this place, ant if they should advance also from the mouth of Gauley (as they evidently should do) their whole force will reach at least 8,000 men. To meet this force will require every man I can possibly raise from all quarters; hence the three regiments and the batteries become absolutely indispensable to

14 R R-VOL LI, PT II

