
me. The enemy were only forty miles distant form me last night, and however cautiously they advance cannot fail to reach me in two or three days at furthest. I beg of you, therefore, to exert every nerve to send up [the troops] and their supplies, for remember that the troops themselves would prove my utter ruin if they come to my campt without rations (bread) for at least en days in advance.

I am, your friend,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Kanawha.

[5.]

CAMP BEE, Alleghany County, Va., August 2, 1861.

Colonel G. C. WHARTON:

The guns which I had for Salyer's and Lundy's companeis did not reach here by Colonel Reynolds' train or any other, as I supposed they would, and as I gave orders for. I regret extremely their failure to arrive. I write this to beg of you to send them at once to me. Use your own discretion as to the speediest means. But more important than this for your special attention is the condition of the new arms turned out by Barrett and put into the hands of Salyer's men. I caused the company to try them to-day, and out of twenty-eight tried two were found to be of different calibers from the rest, rendering the common ball useless. Three of the tubes were perfectly loose in the cylinder and one other blew out, breaking off the cock. Three of these guns have broken off at the breech, having been stocked with brittle walnut sawed across the grain. It will be necessary to establish a most rigid and exact inspection of these arms in the progress and after their finish. The serious injury of my command, perhaps its destruction, might result from this infamous negligence. It has destroyed my confidence in all the work Barrett has done for us. Wise has fallen back. They will not allow it to be a retreat. I hear the enemy have fallen forward and with such rapidity that they occupied his camp, getting tents and other camp eqiPAGE in fifteen minutes after our people left them. He is at Lewisburg on his way to Covington. I sent Colonel Heth to Richmond on special business, and will remain here probably until his return, which will be day after to-morrow. My impatience to get actively into the field increases as I near the scene of action. Bring or send 1,000 pounds of buckshot and all the powder not sent to the counties, as heretofore directed. We will have to verify and test our guns fully. I forgot to say that the round bullets made by the big molds from Barrett's cast a bullet entirely too big for the guns. Such is the outrageous negligence practiced there in these matters of the most vital importance. Please have molds made that will fit, and have them tried so as to insure it. Hurry on with speed any may good luck attend you.

Very truly, your friend,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[5.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES, Numbers 241. Richmond, August 3, 1861.

I. The First Regiment of North Carolina Troops, Colonel Stokes, will, as soon as transportation is ready, proceed to Manassas and join the Army of the Potomac.

