
II. The Texas Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel L. T. Wigfall, will proceed to join the Army of the Potomac as soon as transportation is prepared.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

GEO. DEAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

LEESBURG, August 3, 1861.

General JOS. E. JOHNSTON:

SIR: In obedience to your orders to Colonel Stuart I was sent up to find out the position of the enemy at Harper's Ferry and down the river to Edwards Ferry. There is about one regiment at Harper's Ferry, and they have made and excellent ford at that place, so that they can cross at time, the water not being more than three feet deep. At Sandy Hook, just below, there are two encampments, I suppose one regiment in each camp. There are a few at Berlin, Point of Rocks, and Edwards Ferry-one or two companies at each place. They are all on the Maryland side, except those at Harper's Ferry. One hundred and forty of them came over the river to Lovettsville on last Thursday, but soon went back, after getting something to eat. I think if we had a battery on this side, opposite their encampment, we would give them some trouble. Doubleday has a large gun and, I think, part of his battery on the Maryland Heights opposite Harper's Ferry. There was a man by the name of Stewart, a native of Maryland, who passed through here to-day on his way to Maryland, and who has been in the habit of passing and repassing from Virginia to Maryland, they say, to bring us arms and ammunition. I don't know the man, but only mention hm that you may know of his movements. He said he was just from Richmond, and one of the captains here told me he had a pass from General Beauregard.

Your obedient servant,

R. WELBY CARTER,

Captain, First Regiment Cavalry.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS,Huntersville, August 3, 1861.

General J. B. FLOYD,

Camp Sweet Springs, Monroe County, Va.:

GENERAL: A letter from General Wise, at Lewisburg, of the 3rd instant, states that he will march on the 4th to the White Sulpur Springs; that the forces of the enemy at Gauley were about 5,000 men, but that they have been re-enforced. He thinks they will advance gradually and slowly, their separate columns converging at May's, thirteen miles west of Lewisburg, whence they will approach Huntersville. I fear if they reach Lewisburg they will attempt to seize the Central Virginia Railroad and the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad if their force is sufficient. You will see the importance of preventing this, if possible, and of holding Lewisburg, or at least of keeping them west of the mountains. You are therefore desired to join General Wise at the White Sulphur, and to reoccupy Lewisburg with your united forces and such re-enforcements as you can get in that region, should you find it practicable. Otherwise, to take the best position east of that point to restrain them west of the Alleghany.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

[5.]

