HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Manassas, August 4, 1861.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit, according to your instruction, yesterday, the following list of the orders I carried during the 21st of July last, viz: At sunrise orders to Colonel Bartow to place his brigade in front of the woods in the corn-field at McLean's farm in position to support either McLean's or Blackburn's Ford. Similar orders to General Bee, except that his brigade was to be posted along the edge of the woods bordering the corn-field. Orders to Colonel Early to place his brigade in a retired spot near McLeans's Ford for the support of that point, or of Blackburn's Ford in necessary. Orders to General Jackson to hold his brigade in readiness on the left of Mitchell's Ford to march to the support of that point or of the Stone Bridge. Returned to Manassas and was ordered by you to conduct one of General Longstreet's aides to Colonel Early's position. On the way met General Bee, whose orders had been changed, marching his brigade to Stone Bridge. This must have been about 7 or 8 a. m. About 9 or 9.30 I was sent to ascertain the position of Brigadier General D. R. Jones. I found him in position near Kincheloe's farm on the Union Mills and Centerville road, waiting the advance of General Ewell, to whom he had just sent a copy of the orders he had that morning received. Between 11 and 12 I was ordered from the hill near Mitchell's Ford to the scene of active engagement on the left, with orders for Stuart's cavalry to cross Bull Run and charge the enemy in flank, to inquire about the ammunition ordered to Lewis' house, and ascertain the state of affairs on our left. After having accomplished this and returned about half way to Mitchell's Ford I met Generals Johnston and Beauregard on their way to the left. Joined General Beauregard, and continued with or near him until the rout of the enemy commenced, when I was ordered to recall the troops to the left of the road to Sudley Springs, after which I conducted a command, consisting of Hampton's Legion, Colonel Cash's regiment, and Kemper's battery, to Stone Bridge. Rejoined General Beauregard at Lewis' house after sunset, and was immediately ordered back to Stone Bridge to stop the pursuit, leave a sufficient guard at that point, and conduct all other troops I might find to Manassas by the shortest route. I had to proceed almost to Suspension Brigade before I overtook the troops who were in pursuit of the enemy. During the engagement on our extreme left I delivered several orders, ctions of egiments slightly, halting them for a few moments, or ordering them to charge, but the precise order in which these were given I cannot, without the assistance of a map, describe, as in many instances the regiments were unknown to me.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

S. W. FERGUSON,

Aide-de-Camp.

[5.]

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, HEADQUARTERS,

August 4, 1861.

General FLOYD:

MY DEAR SIR: I have received yours, dated the 24th ultimo, and deeply regret my total inability to furnish the arms you desire at all. I sent arms to Lynchburg and ammunition several months ago, and also to Memphis, Tenn., and 6,000 to Florida. I have 10,000 men in Virginia, all armed and equipped by myself. I have 7,000 men on our coast and

