
as far as Fayette Court-House in the direction of the southwest, and have sent out their strong pickets some distance beyond that point. They are rebuilding the bridge over Gauley River, which they have passed with a sufficiently strong detachment to penetrate within forty miles of Lewisburg, committing depredations by arson and theft. Some people are quitting Lewisburg for safety. In my judgment nothing would be more disastous than to allow this state of things to continue for any length of time. If the enemy make much progress toward the southwest it will give dangerous activity to the Unionists of East Tennessee and Northern Kentucky, who are very numerous and becoming much excited as the war progresses. I am satisfied now that the whole power of the southwest can be almost instantly raised, and feel some degree of confidence that the enemy could be speedily driven over the Ohio. I think likewise that the force thus raised and employed could, when through with this branch of their work, threaten, if they could not entirely cut off, the communication of the Laurel Hill forces with the Ohio River. If the enemy at Cheat Mountain were beaten in battle, unless the victory was complete, they would still have the Kanawha Valley, and it would still require the same vigorous campaign to dislodge them. The loss of a battle at Cheat Mountain would not cripple the enemy as severely or help us as much as to drive them from the Kanawha Valley. I am sure it would not do so much toward restoring confidence in the western portion of the State. I write this privately to you, because I am diffident of all it contains except the fats stated, upon which you may rely. If your order a force to kanawha it will be necessary to send at least two good and eifficient batteries, which, together with ammunition for those who would serve for the campaign, is all that would be needed after the requisitions for my troops shall have been filled. It will have the merit, I think, at least of being a cheap campaign.

With the highest regard, I am, very tr,

JOHN B. FLOYD.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES, Numbers 242. Richmond, August 5, 1861.

* * * * * * *

II. The Tiger Bayou Rifles Company (Captain R. W. Jones), from Louisiana, is assigned to the First Regiment of Volunteers form that State, and will proceed to Norfolk to report to Colonel Blanchard.

III. Captain T. T. Cone's company, Georgia Volunteers, will proceed to Norfolk and join the Third Regiment, under Colonel Wright. This company will replace that of Captain Foster Blodget, Jr., detailed for artillery service. The latter company will repair to Richmond, bringing with it its arms and accouterments to be turned into the ordnance department here, after which it will proceed to join the Army of the Potomac.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

GEO. DEAS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FLOYD'S BRIGADE, Numbers 11. Camp Bee, near Sweet Springs, August 5, 1861.

The two squadrons of horse, Floyd's Brigade, under command of Major C. E. Thorburn, will move from Camp Bee at 5 a. m to-morrow

