
some horseshoes and horseshoe nails; old horseshoes are better than none. Many of my horses are barefooted, and the roads rocky in the extreme. Some of the horses must be left, unless I get shoes for them. There is not a blacksmith within twenty miles. I have from undoubted authority that General Tyler says he will go to Lewisburg, if he wades there in blood. His orders are to unite with General Cox and then march forward. Remember, if you send any re-enforcements, that, from McClung's through the Wilderness road to the crossing of Cherry Tree River, noting can be obtained for man or beast, a distance of twenty miles. Send me such orders as you desire to be executed; the present change in the position may require other than I have. I shall proceed upon the orders last received from General Wise. Do not forget to make a requisition upon Richmond for a regimental forge and several sets of tools. We cannot travel without them to much purpose in the mountains.

Respectfully, yours,

ST. GEO. CROGHAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Cavalry.

[5.]

CAMP AT MEADOW BLUFF, August 8, 1861.

General FLOYD:

SIR: I judge from reports of scouts that the enemy, 3,000 to 5,000, are at Gauley with some artillery, a few cavalry. The messenger (reliable, I believe) will tell you that Tyler's corps, 3,500, and one battery, are at Summersville, sixty miles hence, three or four days' march, the roads being very rough, barely practicable to artillery. Cox at Gauley and Tyler at Summersville are two days' march apart. They probably meditate a junction and a movement to Lewisburg, or some point of strength to be held until they are re-enforced. Cox's scouts have appeared twenty-three or twenty-four miles west of me, and it shows a design of a junction with Tyler somewhere on the Lewisburg turnpike, access being open by the Sunday road debouching some fourteen or fifteen miles from Gauley Bridge, and other minor wagon roads and horse paths. Cox constructed boats and rafts at the Gauley Bridge some days since. The enemy advanced some 500 or 600 men to Fayette Court-House, but as yet has shown no observable indication of an important movement on that side of the New River. From Summersville the roads had access to this turnpike by four farms and fords, Hughes' and Carnifix being the principal from which the various roads diverge, the Wilderness road debouching here. I sent 200 cavalry (on the 6th) toward Stroud's Glades (fifty miles north) to reconnoiter the enemy and drive the herds of cattle out of his way. They will not return for three or four days to come. Captain Caskie with some forty to fifty troopers are forty miles hence in Raleigh, and with a body of militia will move toward Fayette Court-House. I have here besides guards, scouts, &amp;c., about 100 cavalry, not well armed or equipped. Our horses are generally badly off for shoes, and the shoeing is proceeding slowly, for want of smiths and forges. About 150 militia, 50 armed and poorly equipped, are in bivouac mear me; say 100 unarmed as yet. General Wise, as you are aware, is two days' march east of me.

Your obedient servant,

J. LUCIUS DAVIS,

Colonel First Regiment, Wise Legion.

[5.]

