
secretary of the council on the journal. The ordinance is in the following words:

AN ORDINANCE adopted by the convection April 17, 1861.

Be it ordained, That the Governro of the commonwealth be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to call into the service of the State as many volunteers as may be necessary to repel invasion and protect the citizens of the State in the present emergency, which volunteers he will receive in companies and organize into regiments, brigades, and divisions, according to the force required; and the Governor shall appoint and commission the general field and staff officers of said volunteers and proceed to have them organized and instructed; and that he shall immediately invite all efficient and worthy Virginias and residents of Virginia in the Army and Navy of the United States to retire therefrom and to enter the service of Virginia, assigning to them such rank as willnot reverse the relative rank held by them in the U. S. service and will at least be equivalent thereto.

Be it further ordained, That the Governor shall repel envasion and see that in all things the commonwealth take no detriment, and shll exercise for this purpose the powers confered upon him by the constitution and laws of the State.

Be it further ordained, That to enable him to carry out the resolutions aforesaid the some of $100,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated.

Ordered, That the Governor be respectfully advised to send a telegram to Governor Pickens, at Charleston, S. C., informating him of the very great need this State has for heavy ordnance, and requesting the promptest aid in that respect, in the proportion of thirty pieces to Norfolk, twenty to Richmond, with corresponding ammunition, sending also a duplicate of this telegram to President Davis at Montgomery, Ala.

The Governor having submitted to the council and asked their advice upon anhe convention adopted this day, of which the following is a copy:

Be it ordained, That the Governor of Virginia is empowered and directed to organize, as the exigencies of the service may require-

1. A subsistence department, to be composed of one colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, two majors, adn four captains.

2. A quartermaster's department, of one colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, two majors, and four captains.

3. A pay department, to be composed of four paymasters with the rank of major of cavalry.

4. A medical department, to be composed of one surgeon-general with the rank of colonle of cavalry, then surgeons, and ten assistant surgeons.

5. An adjutant-general's department, to be composed on the adjutant-general of the rank of colonel of cavalry, with authority to the commander-in-chief to detail as many officers as assistant adjutant-general as the service may require.

This ordinance shall be in force from its passage.

Adopted by the convention of Virginia April 21. 1861.

Ordered, That His Exellency be respectfully advised to organize immediately subsistence and quartermaster's department, placing at the head of each temporarily one person with the rank of major, with authority to employ the necessary clerks and assistants, and that James r. Crenshaw be recommended to him for the post indicated in the subsistence department and B. F. Ficklin for that in the quartermaster's department.

The Goveror being absent, it is ordered that a telegram be sent to Major William S. Barton, Fredericksburg:

Send immediately to Aquia Creek a force sufficient to protest two steamers there. If you can get any ordnance, press in into service. a surprise is feared. Answer at once.

Ordered, That the Governor be advised to direct that officers of all grades along the line of the Potomac obey the orders of General Philip St. George Cocke, who has been assigned by him to the command of the military operations of the State in the section bounded by said river.

The Governor having asked the advice of the council upon a telegram

