
can best guard and watch that approach to the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, and to act under the orders of the commanding general in the Kanawha District. It is desired also that notice be sent of any advance against the railroad to the officer commanding such troops as may be at Witheville or on that line.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Valley Mountain, August 8, 1861.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Floyd for his information. By command of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Acting Assistant-Adjutant General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Arbuckle, near Lewisburg, August 8, 1861.

Colonel G. C. WHARTON:

SIR: I hope you will hasten up with all convenient speed. The enemy are advancing upon us rapidly and in large force. We are without arms for many of our people, and are extremely scarce of ammunition. I hope you have brought on both, and will be able to join us at once. The enemy are certainly within thirty miles of us with a force of at least 5,000 men with two batteries of artillery in addition, to which they have another supporting force at the mouth of Gauley of 4,000 men with horse and artillery. We are sixty-odd miles from that point. With a union of these two forces, you observe, it would give them more than three to one of our force, a long odds, considering we have not artillery. Heth is absent and there is not a single field officer with his regiment. All those considerations necessitate the most active and efficient preparations of our people for the coming fight.

Very truly, yours,

JOHN B. FOLYD,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Arbuckle, near Lewisburg, August 8, 1861.

Captain CASKIE,

Blue Sulphur:

SIR: If you have not already executed the order given you to obstruct and destroy the road leading to Bowyer's Ferry, you will desist from the work and report to me at once the condition of the road as far as you know it. Take good care that all communicatios from this region of country with the Kanawha Valley be cut off upon all the roads within reach of your command. With this view you will establish vigilant scouts upon all of them.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General.

[5.]

