
which this army may be operating. Commanding officers of regiments and companies are held responsible that every possible effort be made by them to prevent and punish these crimes, and to this respnsibility they will be strictly held by the general commanding the department. The abuse can be easily correstec if the commissioned officers use energetically the power with which they are clothed. This order will be read for two successive days to each regiment and detachment.

By order of Brigadier-General Magruder:

G. B. COSBY,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Arbuckle, near Lewisburg, August 9, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America:

DEAR SIR: After a few days' close observation in this part of the country, I am quite sure the enemy's policy now is to hold all the western portion of the State lying on the Ohio River and as far eastward as the Cumberland range of mountains. They have at Gauley between 4,000 and 5,000 men, and a like number at Summersville. They are thirty-five miles distant from each other. The interests of all the west imperatively demand that these people shall be driven out across the Ohio, which I think can be done, with the proper management of the force to be secured in this region. I am a few miles west of Lewisburg and fourteen miles west of General Wise. I have deemed it proper, all points fully considered, to assume the command of the troops about here. I accordingly have issued the order, a copy of which I send herewith.* One line of policy only should be pursued, and this is the only means by which it can be secured. There is great disorganization amongst the men under General Wise's command, as he told me himself, and I hope the course I propose will help to remedy the evil. I hope to be speedily able now to make a movement toward the enemy, and I trust the course I have taken will meet your approbation. I think the inspection I have ordered will result in showing a force sufficiently large with the volunteer militia who will join us for the campaign to enable us to move against them. When we do move it will require great circumspection, attention, and tact to mollify the temper and feelings of the people west of here, if half be true of what has reached my ears relative to their present exasperated and excited state of feeling. If the enemy were attacked and driven from Summersville, Cox at Gauley Bridge would be helpless and at our mercy, and the junction between these forces I think can be prevented by a prompt but quiet movement. Two well-appointed battereis would be of inestimable value to us now. Can't you send them? The service we will render if we can get into the field will amply repay everything, I think. If we can dislodge these people from Kanawha Valley our whole force could be turned against the rear of Rosecrans. But of course you will understand all these views perfectly well and can order what is best to be done.

With the hihgest regard, I am, truly, your friend,

JOHN B. FLOYD.

[5.]

---------------

* See Floyd to Wise, August 9, p. 226.

---------------

