HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Campt Arbuckle, near Lewisburg, August 9, 1861.

Major General R. E. LEE:

SIR: I am this far on my march as your ordered, to prevent, if possible, the anticipated junction of the men under General Cox at Gauley Bridge with those under General Tyler. I learn to-day from a source deemed worthy of credit that General Tyler reached Summersville some days ago with a force between 4,500 and 5,000 well armed, having two well appointed battereis of field artillery. Cox's force is represented to be about the same. His advance, numbering aabout 500, encamped near the forks of the road where the junction is to be effected night before last. These circumstances look as if the information about the proposed junction was correct. The town of Lewisburg and the Central Railroad would of course be their great object then. My own force has not yet been fully armed. The cavarly, so essential in our service here, is without any arms almost, and I am entirely destitute of artillery. The measles have rendered unfit for duty and extremely large number of men, and some of the companies are still without arms. I send you herewith a letter* of General Wise in answer to an inquiry I made of him, which shows the condition of his command. From this exhibit the prospect is not a very bright one to meet successfully a well equpped force of 8,000 or 10,000 men. I believe the report of their numbers to be much exaggerated. If I had arms for 400 cavalry and 300 infantry I would not hesitate to give them battle. I ordered General Wise to join me at once and march to meet the enemy with our combined forces, but in any enent I will advance the moment my entire force comes up, and will with my own troops alone, if necessary, resist the junction and meet the march of the enemy in this direction.

With the highest respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Arbuckle, near Lewisburg, August 9, 1861.

Brigadier-General WISE:

SIR: I am sorry to interfere with your plans and arrangements set forth in your communication received this morning, and under any other circumstances certainly would not do so. But I learn from Colonel Davis and other sources which seem to me to be entitled to credit that General tyler is advancing and has reached as far as Summersville on the march in this direction. These people must be met, and if possible stopped in their progress. To do this with a hope of success it becomes necessary for you to bring at once your whole available force to my assistance. With that we may still have time to choose an eligible position at which to fight them, with some fair hope of success. But not an hour is to be lost. Your column should march to-morrow and proceed with all possible dispatch until you reach my command. Your infantry should have at least forty rounds of ammunition issued to them and artillery as much.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

