SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 247. Richmond, Va., August 10, 1861.

* * * * * * *

V. The battalion of Kentucky Volunteers under Major B. Anderson will proceed to-morrow evening to Manassas and join the other companies from that State now serving with the Army of the Potomac.

VI. The five companies from Georgia commanded, respectively, by Capts. L. C. Norwood, John R. Ivey, E. M. Seago, H. J. Smith, and Michael Lynch will proceed to Manassas on Monday evening, the 12th instant, and join the other battalion form that State, lately under the command of Lieutenant Colonel W. D. Smith. The ten companies will then constitute a regiment, to be commanded by Colonel W. D. Smith, the other field officers to be appointed hereafter.

By order:

GEO. DEAS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 10, 1861.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor, according to your instructions, to report what orders I transmitted for you on July 21. Between 7 and 8 a. m. I was instructed to lead a Mississippi regiment, under Colonel Barksdale, to McLean's farm, adn post them in the woods in rear of Blackburns's Ford, and report it to General Longstreet as a reserve. You also directed me that after accomplishing the first to inform Colonel Early not to advance if he had received orders to that effect, but to await a second order. Colonel Early I met at General Longstreet's headquarters and delivered my orders. I them returned and reported myself to you. Laer in the day and after the battle you directed me to lead into Camp Pickens two regiments, on Mississippi and one Tennessee, also a battery of artillery. After doing so I returned to meet you at your headquarters, Manassas.

The above I respectfully submit for your information.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. HEYWARD,

Aide-de-Camp.

[5.]

CAMP AT MEADOW BLUFF, August 10, 1861.

General FLOYD:

SIR: I have the honor to report my present force inadequate to execute your order to cut off communications with the Kanawha Valley. I take this occasion to report the results of yesterday's scout. The enemy have suddenly evacuated the country this side of the Gauley bridge. He still has a movable column holding Fayette (beyond the river) in subjection. His suddenly hauling cannon up on the heights behind him, commanding those on this side, shows that he expects an attack from us. Tyler's column is about Summersville, in Nicholas. Citizens of that county reported last night that a mounted force were reconnoitering the Wilderness road leading to my rear. They were said to be 200 to 250.

Your obedient servant,

J. LUCIUS DAVIS,

Colonel, U. S. Army.

No better writing material at present can be had. The general will please excuse the deficiency.

J. LUCIUS DAVIS.

[5.]

