
ATLANTA, GA., August 11, 1861.

Honorable JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President:

Two companies of Colonel Benning's regiment lelft here to-night for Lynchburg. Rest to-morrow and next day.

H. C. WAYNE,

Adjutant-General.

[5.]

MANASSAS, August 11, 1861.

MY DEAR BLEDSOE: General Johnston informs me he has lately expressed as emphatically as he could in his communications with the Department his sense of a great need here for not less than double the present supply of artillery. This exactly accords with what I represented to the President and told yourself. In wiew of the fact and of the difficulties in the way of having carriages, &amp;c., gotten ready in sufficient quantity and with requisite speed, I am more than ever satisfied that one of the first desiderata now for our success is a fit man in Richmond to preside over this definite work and give it his whole time. Pray submit in at once to the Secretary of War and to the President. Let the best man at once be had and at work. Something was said between us about my doing it. My choice is indifferent; for the best in my power I am ready to serve in any fit place, while on many accounts I prefer being with what has been my company and what I wish to make a battalion. The detail should of course be independent of any personal consideration; but pray ask the Secretary to have it promptly made in view of the exignecy.

As ever, your friend,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Colonel, &c., Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MONTEREY LINE, NORTHWEST ARMY, Numbers 65. August 11, 1861.

Captain George Jackson, with his cavalry, will keep the country well scouted in the direction of Petersburg. He will frequetly sen scouting parties as far as that place, and will make regular reprots to the officer commanding at this post. The latter officer will see to the thorough execution of this order.

By command of Brigadier General H. R. Jackson commanding:

[5.]

MEADOW BLUFF, August 11, 1861.

General FLOYD:

SIR: I have the honor to report no material change in the enemy's position. More recent scouts indicate a somewhat less number at Summersville, but the admitted fact that they have six or eight cannon there shows the presence of a prety larage force. They hold all the ferries, show little symptom of attacking us, but are very active in the work of demoralizing the people and crushing out secessionism. I send Colonel Croghan's last letter as throwing some light on the enemy's movements.

Your obedient servant,J. LUCIUS DAVIS,

Colonel First Regiment Wise Legion.

[5.]

