SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 248. Richmond, Va., August 12, 1861.

* * * * * * *

IV. On the arrival of Captain F. Blodget, Jr.'s, company of Georgia Volunteers at the headquarters of the Army of the Potomac, it will, by the commanding general of that army, be equipped as light artillery to the extent of the means at his disposal. Any deficiencies will be made good by a timely requisition on the Department in this city.

By order:

GEO. DEAS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Manassas, Va., August [13?], 1861. (Received 14th.)

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant-General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: May I request you to send me as soon as practicable a general officer, or even colonel with a military education and some practice, to command the Louisiana brigade, which otherwise will never be able to accomplish anything. I have already applied for one or two officers for that position, but they could not be had. The last one I applied for as colonel of Provisional Army, C. S. was Colonel R. C. W. Radford, of the Virginia cavalry, formerly of the U. S. dragoons. No answer has yet beeen received. I also applied for Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Jenifer, Provisinal Army of Virginia, to be made lieutenant-colonel of the Provisional Army C. S., so that he might take the command of my cavalry in Colonel Radford's place. I regret to have to report an unusual amount of sickenss in this army corps-as much as 50 per cent. in the First Brigade (Bonham's). I must request to be informed also as to the relative rank of the brigadier-generals under my command.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

P. S. - Can it not be so arranged as to make General Longstreet second in command?

B.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS MEADOW BLUFF,August 13, 1861.

General J. B. FLOYD:

SIR: I have the honor to aks your attention to the report of the bearer. Nothing new is offered except an increase of scouts toward Bowyer's Ferry, our spies having reported a Federal party there menacing the flank of our scouting parties. It is highly important that I should receive re-enforcements that our weary men may have an opportunity for rest and drill. The water will be so high for eight or ten days that the enemy in possession of all the ferries can strike when they dare, while we can only watch.

Your obedient servant,

J. LUCIUS DAVIS,

Colonel First Regiment Wise Legion.

[5.]

