
their discharge, with instructions to hold themselves in readiness to answer a call at an hour's notice. I regret to say that a strong spirit of insubordination prevailed in three of the six regiments, and I am satisfied that a regiment of volunteers cannot be organized for twelve-months' service without a resort to a draft, and my brigade will have to furnish about 1,200 to make up her quota of 10 per centum of the white population. I am in hopes that an order for the draft my be issued at a very early day. I have received 1,500 muskets and ammunition from the Government, and in the event that the enemy shall move up on the Raleigh and Fayette turnpike, I will have the militia embodied immediately and make every resistance possible. The roads can be easily blockaded and the advance of the enemy checked until re-enforcements could arrive. I am still of the opinion that the enemy will not attempt to approach to the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad on the south side of New River. I will inform you, general, by express of any important move of the enemy in this direction.

Your obedient servant,

A. A. CHAPMAN,

Brigadier-General, Nineteenth Brigade Virginia Militia.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY MOUNTAIN,August 21, 1861.

Respectfully referred to General Floyd hor his consideration, who is desired to endeavor to raise volunteer regiments form the loyal citizens south of New River and to arm them with the muskets sent from Richmond to General Chapman. Aid from the militia seems to be uncertain.

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 250. Richmond, Va., August 14, 1861.

I. The Daniel Boone Rifles, now under orders to join the Army of the Potomac, are assigned to duty with Colonel Wigfall's Texas battalion, serving with that army.

II. The Second Georgia Regiment, Colonel P. J. Semmes, will proceed on Friday, the 16th instant, to join the brigade of Brigadier-General Toombs, serving with the Army of the Potomac.

* * * * * * *

VII. The orders heretofore given for the movement of Colonel M. S. Stokes' regiment of North Carolina Volunteers to the Army of the Potomac are countermanded. That regiment will proceed at an early hour to-morrow to Aquia Creek and report to Brigadier-General Holmes.

VIII. The Second Georgia Regiment, Colonel P. J. Semmes, instead of proceeding to the Army of the Potomac as directed to-day, will as soon as transportation can be furnished move to Aquia Creek and join the army under General Holmes.

IX. Captain Andrews's company of light artillery will proceed by railroad to Aquia Creek as soon as possible, and report to Brigadier-General Holmes.

* * * * * * *

By order:

GEO. DEAS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

