
re-enforcements to General Floyd. Others of perhaps more national importance make prompt measures for his re-enforcement imperative. The obvious policy of the Northern Government is to dismember Virginia by the line of the Alleghanies or Blue Ridge and to exterminate slavery west of that line, and to subjugate or exterminate the inhabitants. Having accomplished that, their plan is to continue their encroachments southward. They hope to hold Maryland, Western Virginia, Kentucky, and Missouri by conquest, even if the independence of the Southern Confederacy shall be maintained. The maintenance intact of the integrity of the Southern States is essential to the permanent security of our property and independence. My interest in a cause so dear to you and to every true Southern man will excuse the liberty I take of venturing suggestions of the necessity of re-enforcing a column of our Amry which I know you look to with interest and anxiety. Besides, the men of Floyd's brigade are chiefly from this portion of the State, many of them my friends, and two of them the only male members of my family.

With high regard, I am, yours, truly,

JAMES W. SHEFFEY.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 251. Richmond, Va., August 15, 1861.

* * * * * * *

V. The Twelfth Regiment North Carolina Volunteers, Colonel J. J. Pettigrew, will proceed to Aquia Creek and report to Brigadier-General Holmes. The regiment will move as soon as transportation is ready.

VI. The Louisiana regiment of volunteers under Colonel Marigny will proceeded to Yorktown and report to Brigadier-General Magruder.

VII. Captain Gyy's battery of light artillery will be prepared for the field immediately, and as soon as transportation can be furnished will proceed to Western Virginia and report to Brigadier-General Floyd.

By order:

GEO. DEAS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4 and 5.]

LYNCHBURG, August 15, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

SIR: I am here with a battalion of riflemen and one squadron of cavalry. The other squadron will arrive to-morrow, and a company of infantry in a few days. I have reported to Major Clay.

WILLIAM PHILLIPS.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp six Miles west of Meadow Bluff, August 15, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel ST. GEORGE CROGHAN,

First Cavalry:

SIR: You will, at as early an hour as practicable in the morning, join me in my march form this point to meet the enemy advancing from the Kanawha Valley. You will take care to have the same order published to any troops of the Wise Legion that my be at or in the vicinity of

