
Meadow Bluff. This is extremely important, as our pickets have had a skirmish with the advance guard of the enemy four miles from this point.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]

CAMP AT THE FOOT OF SEWELL,

Twelve Miles from Meadow Bluff, August 15, 1861.

Brigadier-General FLOYD:

I have the honor to report to you that I pursued the old State road leading to Bowyer's Ferry, by order of Colonel Davis, four miles beyond the top of Big Sewell, and within eight miles of the ferry. I there received information from our scouts that there are no Federal troops on this side of Bowyer's Ferry. I returned with my command to this point, blockading the road at several places on Big Sewell by felling of large timber, &amp;c., making it impassable for wagons until removed. I have scouts extending to the top of big Sewell now, who will report should anything of importance occur. My object in reporting to you is to know whether I shall remain at this point and keep this road guarded, or go to some other point. I have thirty men of my own company under my command. I will await orders at this place, should I hear of no enemy, and if I hear of any on this road I will meet them, find their strength, and report to you. Please give me instructions by the bearer.

I am, with high regard, your obedient servant,

John P. BROCK,

Captain Valley Rangers.

N. B. - I will be pleased to hear from you in regard to my note to you of--- date instant.

J. P. B.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KANAWHA,Camp Arbuckle, near Lewisburg, August 15, 1861.

Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD:

SIR: I proceeded in the direction indicated by you, for the purpose of ascertaining the forces of the enemy at Summersville, and from the best information I could obtain, and which I considered reliable, their forces there are about 2,200; they have six small pieces of cannon at Summersville. I also ascertained that there were about 250 men at Sutton, a considerable number of whom are sick; they have one small cannon. Major Reynolds and the two other gentlemen who accompanied me kept on for the purpose of obtaining further information. The above is all the information I could obtain.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. GRAPES.

[5.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 252. Richmond, Va., August 16, 1861.

* * * * * * *

X. The three companies of Virginia infantry at Fredericksburg, commanded by Captains Chandler, Braxton, and Parrish, and the

