
vigilance and activity everywhere, and in six weeks' time we will be prepared for offensive operations.

With an additional apology, and with the further suggestion that we must be very cautious not to approach the Potomac until we are ready to put our timbers together, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. MONTGOMERY PETERS.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, August 17, 1861.

[General R. E. LEE:]

GENERAL: The command of Camp Lee having been taken from me, and the other camps most seriously interfered with, so as that it is evident that I am not recognized with the full rights of a commanding officer, I most respectfully desire that I may be relieved from the order placing me in command of the troops in and about Richmond and be directed to await orders either here or at Winchester or Staunton. The withdrawal of the troops at Camp Lee reduces the forces to a mere trifle, and I am sure I can do no good by remaining in charge. Colonel Dimmock could with perfect ease command the other camps in addition to his present troops. I have made application for relief to Governor Letcher; but he says he has parted with the power, and the Confederate authorities have repudiated me altogether. I will thank you to let me have the order immediately.

With respect, your obedient servant,

TH. T. FAUNTLEROY,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army of Virginia, Commanding.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS,Valley Mountain, August 17, 1861.

General JOHN B. FLOYD,

Commanding Army of Kanawha, Lewisburg, Va.:

GENERAL: From reports received from General Wise and Colonel Tompkins, I am led to believe that the volunteer regiments under command of the latter are peculiarly destitute of tents, clothing, equipments, &amp;c. Should this be the case, I have to ask your attention to their condition and wants, and if possible, without detriment to the service, that they be provided before being again brought into the field. I would also suggest the propriety, should there be no overruling reason to the contrary, of allowing these regiments to serve together under the command of Colonel Tompkins. They were principally organized under the direction of Colonel Tompkins, and it may serve to promote their contentment and efficiency by retaining them under his command.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

Commanding General.

[5.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 253. Richmond, Va., August 17, 1861.

* * * * * * *

V. The troop of Mississippi horse under Captain W. T. Martin, now at Ashland, will march as soon as possible to Manassas and join the

