
Army of the Potomac. The quartemaster's department will provide transportation for their baggage.

* * * * * * *

GEO. DEAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

RICHMOND, August 17, 1861.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Manassas:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs that your attention be called to the fact that no reports of the battle of Manassas have been forwarded to this office, and to state that before this it was contemplated that full reports would have been received respecting that engagement and its results. In consequence of the absence of such reports the Secretary is unable to meet the sishes of Congress, expressed in a resolution calling for all reports of the different engagements which have taken place since its adjournment at Montgomery.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Campt at Tyree's, August 17, 1861.

Colonel McPHERSON:

SIR: In reply to your dispatch, I beg to assure you that the force you propose to send against the enemy from your regiment will be most acceptable. Bring them forward with all speed. The information received to-day, if reliable, is that the enemy are advancing in large numbers and are about twelve miles in advance of us, so promptness on your part is very important, as not much time can elapse before an engagement.

Very respectfully, your friend,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Kanawha.

[5.]

RICHMOND, August 19, 1861.

General R. C. GATLIN,

Wilmington, N. C.:

You have been appointed a brigadier-general of Provisional Army in the C. S. service. your appointment will be forwarded by mail. You will immediately assume command of all the North Carolina forces on the coast of that State.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[4.]

NEW ORLEANS, August 19, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Please send somewhere the Second Regiment of what was the Polish Brigade. They are depredating on the citizens, burning houses, &c.

D. E. TWIGGS.

[5.]

