
XIX. Colonel W. J. Clarke's Fourteenth [Twenty-fourth] Regiment North Carolina Volunteers will proceed on to-morrow to Staunton, Va., and thence to join General R. E. Lee, near Huntersville.

XX. Colonel James Cantey's Fifteenth Regiment Alabama Volunteers will proceed to Manassas, Va., on the 22nd instant and report for duty to General Johnston, commanding.

XXI. Colonel Ward's Second Regiment Florida Valonteers will proceed to Yorktown, Va., and report for duty to General Magruder,

commanding.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4 and 5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Wise, August 20, 1861.

Major General R. E. LEE:

SIR: The regiments you speak of are undoubtedly illy provided in clothing and tents. Shoed I understnd they have. I have not the slightest doubt of their being in better condition every way for the field than they were when making the campaign to and from the Kanawha Valley under General Wise. These regiments are composed of men from the region whither we are going, and they are extremely anxious to move forward; indeed hundreds of them refused to join in the retreat, and remained behind to defend their homes. A very considerable number of these men are ready for service, and for the kind of service to be demanded of them will prove to be invaluable troops. Added to this, the exigencies of the service demand, in my judgment, that these regiments be moved at once to the field, and I have so ordered peremptorily twice, and before I received yours of the 17th. I hope you approve of my course under the circumstances. We are advancing toward the enemy, who are said to be within eighteen miles of us. I am unable to form any satisfactory opinion of their numbers. I now suppose their purpose to be to carry out General Rosecrans' orders to march upon Lewisburg. I think we can prevent it.

With the highest respect, I am, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Kanawha.

[5.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE KANAWHA, Numbers 13. Camp Preston, August 20, 1861.

The Forty-fifty and Fiftieth [Virginia] Regiments, under command of Colonels Henry Heth and A. W. Reynolds, respectively, will leave this camp to-morrow at 4 a. m., and proceed in the direction of Gauley Bridge. The quartermaster of each regiment will have ready all the transportation under his command. The commissary of each regiment will furnish for the march all the provisions on hand. The same order is given the two squadrons of horse under command of Major F. A. Reynolds, and to the quartermaster and commissary of the same.

By order of Brigadier General John B. Floyd:

WM. E. PETERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Floyd's Brigade.

[5.]

