
Defenses of that State; fifth, Brigadier General John B. Grayson will proceed to Florida and assume command of the Department of MIddle and Eastern Florida and the Cost Defenses of the same.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4 and 5.]
HEADQUARTERS,Yorktown, August 21, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General C. S. Army, Richmond:

SIR: I beg to report that the supply of quinine at this post is about exhausted, and it is absolutely necessary that a supply should be furnished, as the amount of sickness if frightful. Repeated requisitions have been made for this article, so necessary in this climate. I am obliged to send the Zouave Battalion to Williamsburg, and the Fifth North Carolina Regiment is scattered through the lower part of Gloucester, with the exception of 190 fit for duty of 1,150 strong. I am informde by the surgeons that there is no quinine in Zouave Battalin, and none to give them. I inclose advertisement showing that 100 ounces are advertised for sale in Richmond, and understand that 10,000 ounces can be bought in New Orleans. Doctor Southgate telegraphed for 100 ounces for the use of this post, but received no answer. There has been one continual complaint to me from surgeons of the want of a due supply of the medicines necessary to this climate. I send Dr. P. E. Hines chief surgeon of the hospital, to Richmond in the hope that hs personal representatins may produce some effect upon the mediacal department.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[4.]

RICHMOND, August 22, 1861.

General TWIGGS,

New Orleans, La.:

Order Second Regiment (called Polish) to this place. Put them themporarily under the command of some officer who can control them en route.

L. P. WALKER.

[5.]

LEWISBURG, VA., August 22, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

DEAR SIR: It was my purpose, as it would have been my pleasure, to have done myself the honor of calling on you on a late business trip to Richmond, through the personal introduction proposed by Mr. William H. Macfarland. Official engagements on his part interposed at the appointed time, hence the omission to do so. I make no doubt your time is overtaxed with many unknown correspondents, and it is with diffidence and becoming reluctance that I presume to address you. Providence has so far so auspiciously given success to Southern arms drawn for Southern defense against invasion by a foreign and hated

