
Lewisburg, there to recruit and join General J. B. Floyd's command near that place. Its withdrawal from your command will be replaced by a regiment from this quarter.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Gauley, near Summersville, August 22, 1861.

Major General R. E. LEE:

SIR: I have been able to cross the Gauley River and take post on the bluffs above the right bank. The forces in this neighborghood of the enemy having marched rapidly to the mouth of the river for the purpose of meeting a confidently expected attack from our people at Gauley Bridge, left this strong position undefended. Immediately upon hearing this I turned, and by a rapid night march was enabled to reach and cross the river and take position where I now am. The communication now between General Cox in the Kanawha Valley and the forces before you is completely cut off, and I will be able very shortly, I think, to move upon General Cox, when my remaining regiment and those of Colonels Tompkins and McCausland shall reach me. I wish you would send me, from some point not too far, for instance Newbern or Dublin Deport, three full well-appointed regiments to supply the place of General Wise's legion which you would call to your own standard and make, no doubt, extremely useful and efficient. If I had this force I could quckly drive out General Cox with his present force from Kanawha or could move northward from this point to co-operate as you might direct with your own force against the flank or rear of the forces before you. I know nothing whatever of the position of yourself or the enemy in your front. I would be glad of any intimation from you in the manner in which any action of our people here could benefit your command. I think our position here and the movement of the militia west of Kanawha will force General Cox to abandon his present position in a short time, if not to retreat entirely from the valley.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[5.]

RICHMOND, VA., August 23, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: For your information I inclose herewith a letter* addressed to me by the agent employed in removing locomotives, cars, &amp;c., from the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to the Manassas Gap Railroad. I recommend that the railroad iron, telegraph wire, &c., be brought to Winchester for safe-keeping. The iron can be most usefully employed in connecting Winchester with the Manassas Gap Railroad. The wire is required in many parts of the country. An engineer should be designated to survey the route, and authority be given for iron and other materials taken from the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad for the construction of the road form Winchester to Manassas Gap Railroad. The transportation of railroad iron from Martinsburg to Winchester by

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

