
senger was not dispatched on the 23d. He, of course, did not have timek to reach you before the date (24th) of your last. My communication will give my views of the importance of your movement in embodying the militia and of the point on the Kanawha where they had better be collected. However, your action in the latter particular must be determined somewhat by circumstances, keeping in view as the ultimatum the union of my command and yours on the Kanawha. I ascdrtained late yesterday evening that the command of Tyler had taken position within three miles of me here. Idetermiend immediately to engage him. I accordingly put my forces in motion about 5 o'clock this morning, met the enemy, completely routed and pursued them seven miles. My own loss was very incosniderable-5 or 6 wounded and 3 killed. The loss of the enemy was 7. As far as at present ascertained 38 were captured. The number of theirkilled and wounded I have not been able to ascertainw ith certainity. Theenemy are dispersed throughout the mountains for miles around the sceneof action. I have sent scouting parties in pursuit of them, who will doubtless pick up a considerable number. I have within the last two or three days had no reliable information from Gauley Bridge. This victory is the more significant inasmuch as the command of Tyler was composed of what are reported to be the best troops which the enemy have in the west or northwest. They were certainly their brag men. The command of GeneralCox when last heard from was there and in vicinity.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Kanawha.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS,Valley Mountain, August 26, 1861.

General JOHN B. FLOYD,

Commanding Army of Kanawha, Camp Gauley, near Summersville, Va.:

GENERAL: I have just received your letter of the 22nd instant, and am much gratified to learn of your prompt movement upon Summersville and the occupation of the right bank of Gauley. I hope you will be able to cut the communication between Generals Cox and Rosecrans. A threatened movement toward Suttonsville or the railroad at West Union would relieve your front and hold bak re-enforcements from Tygart's Valley, where they are now drawing them. You must not, however, lose sight of the route through Lewisburg or jeopardize the railroad communication within reach of that point. The only re-enforcement now disposable is the Fourteenth North Carolina Volunteers, Colonel Clarke, intended for this column, but ordered to Lewisburg to report to you. This regiment, with your reserved regiments and those of Tompkins and McCausland, added to your present force, I hope will be sufficient for your proposed movement. Should you be able to drive back General Cox and leave a sufficient force in his front to hold him in check, a rapid movement northward, cutting the Parkersburg railroad at avital and most convenient point, would materially lighten the operations of this column. At present with a part of its force it holds the head of Tygart's Valley; with another part the State road to Staunton. General Loring, commanding the whole force of the Northwest Army, has his headquarters at this camp. General H. R. Jackson holds his command where the Greenbrier crosses the Staunton road. The force of the enemy opposing this column of the Northwest Army is intrenched on the road passing from Huttonsville through this

