
camp to Huntersville, this side of thwere the turnpike branches of Staunton. The force opposing General Jackson's brigade is intrenched at Cheat Mountain Pass. An intermediate force of the enemy supports each of these intrenchements, with reserves at Huttonsville and Beverly. You will be able now to understand the relative posiiton of the opposing armies, and to regulate your movements accordingly. The incessant rains and constant travel has rendered the road to Huntersville so difficult as to retard the advance of troops and supplies. A few clear days, if they ever come in these mountains, will remedy this evil; but as it has rained nearly every day since the advance to this position and is still threatening I do not know whether they can be calculated on.

I am, with high respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

[5.]

RICHMOND, August 26, 1861.

Major M. G. HARMAN,

Staunton, Va.:

The Fourolina Regiment was by direction of the President sent to General J. B. Floyd's command. It was a case of necessity, and its destination is not to be changed.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Gauley, Nicholas County, August 26, 1861.

Brigadier General H. A. WISE:

SIR: The forces under General Tyler, which formerly held Summersville and this region of country, made their appearance in this vicinity last evening. I determined to fight them, and did so this morning at 6 o'clock. We beat and dispersed the whole force entirely, and have captured a good many prisoners, the exact number not known. I suppose this will give me a little repose for a day or so. You will not, therefore, send your regiment to support me as heretofore requested, but hold your position for the present aggressivley toward the mouth of Gauley as you judge best.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Kanawha.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 134. Richmond, August 26, 1861.

* * * * * *

III. Captain Anderson Merchant, corps of artillery, will immediately proceed to Lewisburg, Va., and report for duty to General Floyd as chief of artillery and ordnance for his command.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

