
such troops as our adversaries have, I dispatched an officer of my staff, Captain E. P. Alexander, last August to Richmond to consult and arrange measures with the proper departments. He saw the Adjutant-General of the Army on the subject, and received, I am happy to say, the most ample and cordial approval of the plan, and the chief of Ordnance took immediate stepsk for manfucaturing the rockets with the utmost celerity.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS,Yorktown, August 27, 1861.

Colonel J. G. HODGES,

Commanding Mulberry Point:

COLONEL: I herewith inclose an order* for your move to Mrs. Curtis'. The artillery start from here this morning. Should you need more transportation, please inform me how much is the least you can do with. If you are not able to move the whole of your command with what it sent, make two trips. The general desires that you will throw up works at once to command the channel and the landing. You will urge it forward. You are directed in case the enemy pass you either by Warwick Court-House or otherwise, to fall back to Mulberry Island, but if they approach up James River and attempt to pass up Warwick River, or to make a landing on this side, you willdefend your positionk to the utmost. Four wagons will be sent loaded with provisions to Mrs. Curtis' farm this morning and six empty wagons to transport your command. You will please report what preovisons you have on hand, and whether they can be sent by water to you; alsoreport whether you have sufficient spades to make the work.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. B. COSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS,Valley Mountain, August 27, 1861.

General JOHN B. FLOYD,

Commanding Army of Kanawha, Camp Gauley, west of Lewisburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Since my letter of yesterday I have heard that the Thirtieth Georgia Regiment was expected at Staunton, and have directed that it be ordered to join your command. This, with the Fourteen Regiment North Carolina Volunteers, which you were advised was on its way to Lewisburg, will give you two well-appointed regiments.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Gauley, August 27, 1861.

Major General R. E. LEE:

SIR: The forces under General Tyler which sometimes since held Summersville and all this region of country, but which reached to the mouth ofGauley, as stated by me in my last communication, returned to this neighborhood night before last. Immediately upon ascertaining the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

