
You will please inform Dr. William S. Morris, president of the Southern Telegraph Company, at Richmond, of the existence of this telegraph wire and materials at Winchester, so that it may be made available for the construction of military telegraphs in different part sof the country as required. The commandant of the military forces at Winchester is fully authorized to furnish all requisite military protection to your agent in the prosecution of his work, as he may deem most expedient.

Respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

[5.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, August 29, 1861.

His Excellency Governor F. W. PICKENS,

Columbia, S. C.:

SIR: Your Excellency's letter of August 24, announcing the readiness and desire of the First Regiment South Carolina Rifles to come to Virginia, is just received. The Department is happy to receive your praise of the material and condition of this regiment, and requestes you, as proposed, to order it to proceed at once to Richmond and report for duty.

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

[5.]

RICHMOND, August 30, 1861.

Governor Henry T. CLARK,

Raleigh, N. C.:

The President desires to know how soon you will have the regiments already offered by you organized and prepared to move to the coast of North Carolina.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[4.]

PETERSUBRG, VA., August 30, 1861.

Commander-in-Chief JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America:

PRESIDENT: Whether you will read or not, I will write to you. I wish to write in behalf of ameritorious citizen, who I know by four months' constant intercourse with him has been shamefully misrepresented. I have now no other interest in him than such as my love of country inspires. The immediate cause of my writing is the rpeort, probably ture, which I have seenthis mornign, that the battery lately erected at Hatteras Inlet, on the North Carolina coast, has been stormed and taken by the enemy. If the report is not true, I do not doubt in the least that it will be taken before long unless an adequate force of men is soon stationed there. Between the 25th of May, 1861, and the 8th of June, General Grayson, who on the first-named day was commissioned a brigadier-general by the Governor and military board of North Carolina, made under their direction a tour of inspection of the

