
await further orders from me. In case this note has not reached you, I take this opportunity of saying that you will please halt your column at or near where this meets you until supplies can be furnished fully sufficient to support your people in our camp at this place. Supplies are mainly drawn from Jackson's River, and the distance is so great that transportation is very difficult.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Commanding Army of the Kanawha.

P. S.-If you have already halted your column in Lewisburg, you will please advance it and halt at Bunger's Mill, four miles west of Lewisburg.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Gauley, near Summersville, August 30, 1861.

Colonel J. W. MASSIE:

DEAR SIR: I have not heard a word from you since your appointment to the lieutenant-colonelcy of my Third Regiment. To be sure, I have been on the march nearly ever since, but still I am anxious to hear from you, particularly as you were suffering from rheumatism at last accounts. I am not even apprised of your acceptance of the commission. Presuming, however, that you do accept, I suggest these views to direct your course. If you are fully able to undergo the hardships of this rough and trying campaign, you had better from your regiment at once; but if there is adoubt about your ability to do this, then you can be extremely useful if you would go to Wytheville and organize the Fourth Regiment and put it in complete condition to march. I learn through Colonel Wharton that elevenj companies have already offered to join it. When ready, if you are able, you could bring it on to join me in the valley of Kanawha, where I hope to be beofre many weeks. I left Lewisburg to meet the enemy, supposed to be advancing from Kanawha in force, but except their pickets and scouts I did not meet them until I crossed Gauley near Summersville, where I am now. On the morning of the 26th I attacked the command of General Tyler, numbering about 1,500, as well as I could learn, and I defeated them completely, killing and wounding about 50 and taking 130 prisoners. This fight will have important results, as it cuts effectively the line of communication between the forces under General Cox on Kanawha, and those northward under General Rosecrans. As soon as my regiments come up, I willgo on toward the Kanawha River and relieve, if possible, the region from the horrible thralldom under which it is placed at this time. The determinationof the hordes of foreigners and others from Ohio who have overrun and now hold this country is very terrible. Thefts, plunder, arson, and rape are occurring every day. You can readily understand how the blood of a man boils at these outrages. Our people are cheerful and eager for the conflict and behaved with remarkable coolness and courage the other day in battle.

Give my lo and believe me, very truly, your friend,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Kanawha.

P. S.-Direct you reply to Lewisburg for Floyd's brigade; it willreach me. We have a tri-weekly mail connected with the army.

[5.]

J. B. F.

