
RICHMOND, August 30, 1861.

Brigadier-General HUGER,

Norfolk, Va.:

News just received of the capture by the enemy of the batteries at Hatteras Inlet, N. C.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 266. Richmond, Va., August 31, 1861.

* * * * * *

III. Captain W. S. Penisk's company Virginia Volunteers, this day mustered into service, willbe immediately armed by Colonel Charles Dimmock, and will then proceed to Williamsburg, there to join the battalion under Major E. B. Montague. Their equipments will be furnished by the Ordnance Department.

* * * * * *

By order:

GEO. DEAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Gauley, August 31, 1861.

Colonel G. C. WHARTON:

SIR: General Floyd has this evening received intelligence that the enemy have left Gauley Bridge and are advancing upon him at thisplace with full force. He accordingly orders you with your regiment to join him at this point with all dispatch.

By order of Brigadier General John B. Floyd:

WM. E. PETERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Floyd's Brigade.

[5.]

CAMP FAIR GROUNDS,

Winchester, Va., August 31, 1861.

Honorable JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia:

DEAR SIR: We, a portion of the officers of the Seveth Brigade Virginia Militia, would most respectfully suggest to you the condition of the militia of this the Seventh Brigade, and we feel assured that your intelligencewill not permit these suggestionsof yur neighbors of the Valley of Virginia to be construed into presumption on our part, or as having been written in any spriit of dictation, but are addressed to you as the Chief Magistrate of our State, inknowing that you will very readily comprehend the grievances of which we complain; and being equally well assured that it will be your pleasure, as far as you can consistently with the interest of theState and the South, to render us the relief asked for. Now, as to facts. It cannot have failed to have been observed by you that the Valley of Virginia has perhaps furnished a greater number of volunteers in proportion to the strength ofhear militia than any other portion of the State; that every effort has been made, and successfully, too, to raise volunteers to defend our rights; that in allthe counties in the Seventh Brigade the courts not only

