
made previous to uniform the volunteers, but to support the families of the patriotic men who volunteered and whose families were not in a condition to support themselves; that our citizens have in every way contributed liberally to the relief of the soldiers passing through our valley, and our doors have been thrown open and the wounded and sick of the army assigned our best rooms. Wehave freely sent our wagons and horses and our sons to the field of battle, and in doing all this we feel that we have done nothing but our duty. Eight weeks ago, in the midst of our harvest, a draft was made for two regiments. We laid down our sickles and left our wheat to be destroyed to hasten to the defense of our Confederate flag. Two weeks subsequent to that, by your proclamation we cheerfully came forward, leaving our valley almost depopulated, to aid those that were already on the field of battle, and still not a murmur was heard. And now that the season for preparing for another corp, the season really that our wheat should be in the ground, has arrived, we naturally feel that our families, which heretofore have not known the pressure of want, must prepare to be placed in a destitute condition and the extreme poor to suffer greatly. In view of all these facts, we would suggest that if it is possible to permit the militia of the Seventh Brigade to return homefor the present that you will do so. While it affords us pleasure to say that the Seventh Brigade responded so promptly and patriotically to your call, we regret to say that the brigade in which we are now stationed has failed to any great extent to respond toyour call, and that instead of being ready to obey the clal of the Governor promptly and coming forward to defend their own town, the very town that we are now defending, they are quietly pursuing their usual avocations; and now if we should be relieved so far as to require a small portion of the militia to be in service at this time, could not those who have so patriotically responded relieved and the necessary number be raised out of that brigade which has only partially responded heretofore? We wold also suggest that any relief you can render us be extended us as soon as possible, for reasons entirely familiar to yourself.

JAS. H. SIBERT,

Colonel Third Regiment Virginia Militia.

JOHN W. SIBERT,

Major Third Regiment Virginia Militia.

JOHN H. NEWELL,

Major Third Regiment Virginia Militia.

MANN SPITLER,

Colonel Second Regiment Virginia Militia.

THOMAS BUSWELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Regiment Virginia Militia.

CULLIN W. FINTER,

Major Second Regiment Virginia Militia.

[5.]

BROOKE'S STATION, August 31, 1861.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

MY VERY DEAR SIR: I sincerely hope you will excuse the liberty I am about to take of writing directly to you, but my deep anxiety for the safety of my home will, I trust, plead my excuse. If Hatteras has fallen, the danger is incalculable, and as it shows the utter absence of commonest judgment and forethought, I tremble for its sequel, unless you will send a competent officer there to command. My excellent

