
friend General Gatlin, though perfectly devoted and true of hear, is as ignorant as I was of the necessities of that important frontier, and there is no one there of militiary acumen with whom he can advise and consult. It is with the greatest diffidence that I make a suggestion to you, but I am obliged to think that the energy, science, and industry of General Whiting, together with his intimate acquaintance with the whole coast, point to him as the proper commander to guard against further injury in that quarter.

Sincerely hoping that the constant prayers of our whole people for your life and health may be heard, I am, my dear sir, yours, most faithfully,

TH. H. HOLMES.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Gauley, August 31, 1861-12 m.

Colonel G. C. WHARTON:

SIR: General Floyd has received reliable information that the enemy are in full force advancing upon him from Gauley Bridge. The scouts sent out report that he is within ten miles of this point. You will, then, hurry on with your regiment with all speed. General Floyd has written to General Wise for re-enforcements, with no certainty, however, that they will be sent. Then, come on.

By ordedr of Brigadier General John B. Floyd:

WILLIAM E. PETERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Floyd's Brigade.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS,Valley Mountain, August 31, 1861.

General JOHN B. FLOYD,

Commanding Army of Kanawha, Camp Gauley, near Summersville, Va.:

GENERAL: I take great pleasure in congratulating you on the disperson of the forces of General Tyler and the handsome victory gained by a portion of your command. If it will result in cutting the communication between Generals Cox and Rosecrans, it will be of effectual service in future operations. To do this it will be necessary to callto you all of your force that can be spared from your center and such aid as can be obtained from the loyal militia. A movement of the troops south of New River to a favorable point of the Kanawha will cause the retirement of General Cox from Gauley Bridge, and enable you to unite your troops for an effective blow. I understand that the North Carolina and Georgia regiments that have been ordered to join you are on their march.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

[5.]

EXCHANGE HOTEL,

Richmond, September 1, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: After leaving you this morning, through Honorable Mr. Avery, of our State, I was introduced to Captain Ingraham and requested to make explanations in regard to the coasts and inlets of North Carolina. Finding in his office a map of the coast, I was enabled to make the necessary

