
explanations and my own views intelligible to him through the aid of this map. Captain Ingraham gave close attention to the subject, and possesses all the information on the subject of our defense and my own views, as well as all the facts connected with the invasion, which I was able to convey with fullness of detail. I could not do this as satisfactorily in writing and without a chart, and hope this mode of communication will be accepted in place of a written statement which you requested. I beg to refer you to Captain I[ngraham] for details. The people of Eastern North Carolina are deeply concenred at the hostile descent made on their shores, and in doubt as to its ulterior objects. They hope the Government may be able to arrest further progress inward, and soon expel the fleet from our sounds and inland waters. I have been commissioned by the citizens of the two counties of Perquimans and Chowan (situated on Albemarle Sound) to visit Richmond and make this communication to the public authorities.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. ELLIOTT,

Of Hertford, Perquimans County, N. C.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Gauley, September 1, 1861.

Brigadier General ALFRED BECKLEY:

SIR: Your favor of the 29th ultimo to General Floyd has been received. In reply I am instructed by him to say that your plans of operation therein stated he doubts not are good, under the condition that the enemy will continue to hold their position at an about Gauley Bridge. But he is persuaded that they will not do this, and the best course for yours and the command of General Chapman to adopt is to push forward your columns below the Falls, to or as near Charleston as you can. As to his reasons for the above opinion and suggestions, he refers you to Colonel Jenkins, one of his aides, who has been instructed to communicate with General Chapman upon the subject and to lay them before him.

By order of Brigadier General John B. Floyd, commanding Army of the Kanawha:

[5.]

WI

Assistant Adjutant-General, Floyd's Brigade.

EDENTON, N. C., September 2, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: The loss of the forts on our coast renders it important that the towns on the waters of the Albemarle Sound should be placed in a condition of defense. This place is one of great importance, being in the heart of the richest agricultural district in the State, and would be a rich conquest to our enemies. The object of this is to beg of you to detail a gentleman to visit our place and give us some suitable plan of defense, the mode of erecting batteries, &amp;c., and also to inspect some old guns which we have here. We would be highly gratified if you can let us have some good guns from the Norfolk navy-yards, or any other place that they can be spared. Our citizens are willing to pay all the expenses that may be created in the defense of this place. So soon as I heard of the disaster at Hatteras I dispatched one of my

