
steamers down the sound to see what aid she could render, andit turns out that it was most fortunate that I did so, as she has been hard at work bringing the guns and troops from Oregon [Inlet] to Roanoke Island, where they are now throwing up defenses. I, together with other gentlemen, leave here early in the morning to ascertain what is needed, and it is our purpose to supply everything that we can. The number of prisoners taken at Hatteras is about 650; only seven men were killed (as known certainly). It is needless for me to say that I would not trouble you did I not know how important it is to keep back the enemy. Nor would I at this time ask you to detail a competentperson to visit our place for the purpose alluded to were it not of vital importance to the country.

With highest respect and consideration, I am, dear sir, your obedient servant,

TH. D. WARREN,

[AND OTHERS.]

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH BRIGADE,Fayetteville, Fayette County, September 2, 1861.

Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD,

Commanding Forces of the Kanawha Valley:

GENERAL: I have the honor to reporting to you that I reached this point last evening with four regiments of my brigade, numbering about 1,500 reliable men-about as well drilled as volunteers usually are, and I have great confidence that they will perform their work equally as well. They have moved this morning to the foot of Cotton Hill, and if possible will pass over it to-day. I have understood that a large portion of Cox's command have moved up Gauley to attack you-of course you will repulse him and he will fall back to the mouth of Gauley, where he will be very strongly fortified-and it will be very difficult to drive him from the position unless you could send us to this side of the river two field pieces, which we could use with great effect from a high hill which commands the enemy's encampment at the distance of about one mile and a quarter, as I have been informed. General Beckleyu's command united with mine numbers 2,000 or more, and you could greatly benefit us by sending us two cannon with a few men to man them. We could then force our way if need be to Charleston, on the south side of the river, and unite our forces with you at that point; but as you have viewed all the grounds and have your plans laid out, you can inform me what I should do, and if within the power of my command it shall be done.

I am, general, with the highest regard, your obedient servant,

A. A. CHAPMAN,

Brigadier-General Nineteenth Brigade.

P. S.-I have ordered the two regiments of Greenbrier to report to you immediately for service.

A. A. C.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Gauley, September 2, 1861.

Brigadier General A. A. CHAPMAN:

SIR: Your favor of this date has just been received. The information therein reported affords me much gratification. I am pleased to

