
is commanded by Lieutenant Colonel J. L. Bridgers, North Carolina State Troops, who as a captain at Bethel was specially distinguished for gallant conduct. No doubt but that he will display the same courage whenever occasion calls for it. The garrison is made up of raw troops, unaccustomed to service at heavy guns. They know the manual of the piece, and are active in their efforts to learn their duties. With the assistance of good artillery officers they will in a short time be fit for any emergency. The fort cannot be taken unless by regular siege, and even then is capable of being defended for a long period. I have no apprehensions about it. The enemy do not appear to have attempted to come into the sound, at least had not up to Sunday evening. It is believed that they have strengthened Fort Hatteras on the western side, so that it will be difficult to recover it, particularly as they keep quite a naval force near at hand. The naval forces here consist of two inferior steamers without screws, and one of them too dull a sailer to be of any service. I am compelled to get up a private expedition to reconnoiter the enemy. One will leave here to-night and will return to-morrow evening. I am engaged in fortifying the Neuse and Pamlico Rivers, and understand indirectly that a force has been sent from Norfolk to Roanoke Island to protect the norhteastern counties. For the protection of the country lying on the Pamlico Sound a number of gun-boats are absolutely necessary and should be placed upon it without delay. The counties of Tyrrell and Hyde are very fertile and are penetrated by so large a number of navigable creeks that it would require a very large number of troops and batteries to secure them from pillage. I would be glad if you would bring this subject to the notice of the President, also the necessity of establishing telegraphic communication between Goldsborough and Fort Macon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GALTIN,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[4.]

RICHMOND, September 4, 1861.

General R. C. GATLIN,

Goldsborough, N. C.:

J. R. Anderson, formerly an officer of Corpsof Engineers, U. S. Army, has been appointed brigadier-general, to report to you to take charge of the Coast Defenses of North Carolina.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS,Valley Mountain, September 4, 1861.

General JOHN B. FLOYD,

Commanding Army of Kanawha, Camp Gauley, West of Lewisburg, Va.:

GENERAL: The difficulty of procuring salt for this command induces me to inquire whether a supply can be procured from the Kanawha Valley. We could send wagons to Lewisburg if you cold cause it to be delivered there. If you are able to control the road north of Summersville salt might be obtained from the works near Bulltown, eighteen or twenty miles north of Suttonsville, if it cannot be procured from your front. There is a road from Summersville through Stroud's

