
to see if a quicker and more certain route for communication cannot be established by that way. He will be able to give you much information about affairs in this part of the country.

With the highest respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Kanawha.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 144. Richmond, September 5, 1861.

* * * * * *

VI. Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Jones, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army; Second Lieutenant Henry Bryan, Confederate States Infantry, and Second Lieutenant H. M. Stanard, aide-de-camp, will report for duty to General Magruder, commanding, Yorktown, Va.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

MANASSAS, September 5, 1861.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Centerville, Va.:

DEAR GENERAL: Colonel Miles informs me that the flag committee voted down any change of our flag by a vote of four to one, he being alone in favor of it. I wrote to him then to propose that we should have two flags, a peace or parade flag and a war flag, to be used only on the field of battle; but, Congress having adjourned, no action will be taken on the matter. How would it do for us to address the War Department on the subject for a supply of regimental war or badge flags, made of red with two blue bars crossing each other diagonally, on which shall be introduced the States, the edge of the flag to be trimmed all around with white, yellow, or blue fringe. We would then on the field of battle know our friends from our enemies. I send you herewith a letter* written yesterday to General Cooper. It would seem that the smallminded politicians and newsmongers about Richmond cannot understand that we should be able to get alongk harmoniously tegether. To prevent any evil consequences resulting therefrom I though it was advisable to write said letter to Cooper.

Your, truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

Perhaps the rumor is due to my having sent my ordnance officer to Richmond to hurry up all the artillery and war-rocket batteries he could possibly get. Let us each et all that we can of both, and then we will see about equalizing them to our forces. The latter can be done so likewise, if you desire it, when re-enforcements shall have stopped coming.

G. T. B.

[5.]

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

