
matter your attention. Cox's command seemed to be stationary on yesterday. I sent you a communication from. Colonel A. C. Bailey and Judge Bailey, his father, in relation to a difficulty between the colonel and General Beckley. It is an unfortunate affair, as it tends to demoralize the regiment. General Beckley and myself both being subject to your command, I felt that you should dispose of the matter, which had probably better be done by court-martial.

I am, general, with the highest regard, your obedient servant,

A. A. CHAPMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Nineteenth Brigade.

[5.]

RALEIGH, N. C., September 5, 1861.

L. P. WALKER,

Richmond:

I have ordered Colonel Clingman's mountain regiment to our coast. Have you any intelligence from East Tennessee that would render it policy to keep that regiment near East Tennessee?

HENRY T. CLARK.

[4.]

BEAUFORT, N. C., September 5, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: My object in writing to you is one connected with the security and safety of this harbor. I am a private citizen, having interests here which, in return for my allegiance to the Confederate Government, I desire to see protected. Fort Macon is garrisoned by a brave and patriotic soldiery, whom I believe will to their duty most gallantly in the hour of trial. It cannot, however, be denied that we have no experienced artillerists at the fort to manage the ordnance. If you will supply this deficiency you will make our fortification far more formidable. I would also add that there are only three guns in the fort that can be relied upon in punishing the enemy at a long distnace, to wit, one 10-inch columbiad and two 8-inch columbiads. The residue of the cannon are 24 and 32 pounders. If four 32-pounder rifled cannon could be sent here, the fort would be in amuch better state of defense. While writing to you upon this subject I would state that our authorities have closed all passing through Core Sound by sinking vessels in the channel at Harbor Island. This will prevent the enemy from reaching us by inland passage through the contiguous sounds. Hatteras having fallen, and the fortification near Ocracoke having been evacuated, Fort Macon is the next point in geographical position. Beaufort Harbor possesses great commercial advantages, which I should regret to see turned to the use of the enemy. The English ships Alliance and Gonda are now at our wharf unloading and preparing to receive caroges of cotton for Liverpool. An American ship of wqar is now anchored about six miles from Fort Macon for the purpose, I suppose, of blockading this port. Captain De Forrest, of the ship Alliance, has gone to her under the English flag, but has not yet returned. He left this afternoon. Omitting this sound, which has been obstructed at its entrance, I would suggest that the two great sounds of the State be filled with gun-boats. Norfolk can furnish a number of propellers, and at Elizabeth City alarge number of sail vessels suitable for the navigation can be secured for the service. A naval armament of such a

