
character would in my opinion prevent further invasion by the enemy. As regards the correctness of any statement I have made to you, I would respectfully refer you to the Honorable Thomas Ruffin, the Congressman from this district.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

WM. N. GEFFROY.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Gauley, September 6, 1861.

Brigadier General ALFRED BECKLEY:

SIR: I take pleasure in congratulating yourself and General Chapman upon your success in repulsing the enemy in your skirmish on last Tuesday and upon the eligible position thereby won. I am, however, pained to learn of the death of your adjutant Captain Loughborough. Cadet Harding, of whom you speak, is not with my brigade. It may be that he isconnected with the regiment of Colonel Tompkins, this morning sent to General Wise, or of Colonel McCausland, which since Tuesday last has been stationed near Summersville, distant eight miles from this camp. I regret to learn of the difficulty between yourself and Colonel A. C. Bailey. I shall expect the officers everywhere under my command to do their duty in a firm, but at the same time in a conciliatory manner. As regards those south of the Kanawha, I know that General Chapman will do this, and I trust that you will likewise. I order that a court-martial be convened immediately upon receipt of this for the trial of the case of Colonel Bailey.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Kanawha.

[5.]

MANASSAS, VA., September 6, 1861.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Duncan's House, Manassas, Va.:

DEAR GENERAL: I havebeen reflecting much on our advanced positions ince my visit to them, and I think under the present circumstnaces we can neither give them up nor allow them to be taken from usby a coup de main or an attack in force, for the effect on the morale of the enemy would be tremendous. From what I saw the other day, our reserves at Fairfax Court-House and Station (about eight miles back) are too far back to be able to come up in time to the assistance of those advanced positions; hence we must make up our minds, I think, to advance them for the present at any rate, in which case I would propose the following arrangements and positions: One brigade (Bonham's) to or about Old Court-House near Vienna; two brigades (D. R. Jones' and Cocke's) to or about Falls Church; one brigade (Longstreet's) to or about Munson's Hill; one brigade of yours to about half way between Munson's and Mason's Hills; one brigade of yours to Mason's Hill; two brigades (Walker's and Early's)to or about Annandale; one brigade (Ewell's) to Springfield. Some of your other brigades might be put at Centerville, Fairfax Court-House and Station as a second reserve, which might occasionally be moved toward the Potomac to keepthe enemy constantly alarmed for the safety of Washington, and to cross into Maryland should he send off a large force from Washington to any

