
The main bar, some eight or nine miles west of the inlet above referred to, is protected by Fort Caswell, which I am informed is in good order, and can, if well manned, resist any attack the enemy makes on it. The fall of Fort Hatteras, with the unnecessary capture of 700 of our best men, has fully aroused our people to a consideration of their exposed condition. The commissioners of the town of Wilmington, acting in conjunction with the committee of safety, beg me to lay these facts before your Department and invoke its assistance. We think we have men enugh to protect the fort and batteries both at the einlet and bar, thereby securing the safety of the town andthe surrounding country, if they were drilled in the use of heavy artillery. Our soldiers are nothing but volunteers, and while they have abundant courage they would be useless for an attack unless instructed in the use of artillery. The above authorities, feeling the force of this, jointly applied to the Governof the State that he would appoint Colonel S. L. Fremont to superintend the erection of coast batteries, and give such instructions as practicable to our soldiers in the managemtn of guns. The Governor compmlied with their request; appointed him colonel of artillery. The captain having obtained leave of absence from the road, immediately undertook this responsible task, and has done much already to gibve us assurance of safety. I will merely remark concernign his character that he was born and educated at the North and is a graduate of the West Point Military Academy. He early married among us, and ever since considers our country as his home. Resigning his position in the Army, he for a few years was engaged in the survey of the coast of North Carolina, from which position he was removed to the superintendency of the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad, and as president of that company for the last eight years, I can confidently say that I know of no one with us who could bring to our aid a better judgment or more energy has for the last several days been intrusted by General Gatlin with the superior command of that part of the Government. The commissioners and committee of safety would be gratified if you cold give him in the Provisional Army such rank as wold carry with it an authority superior to that of the colonels of the volunteer regiments, as in business he must necessarily come at times in collision with them. What rank it should be is left entirely to your better discretion. In addition to this fear, I would particularly request that you would detail such officers from the Confederate Army as may be qualified to give our men the needful instruction in the use of artillery. For this purpose, without attemptin to dictate, I would respectfully recommend the appointemnt of Captain J. A. Brown, late of the Federal Army and now a citizen of our town, who has our unqualified recommendation, and beg that he be detailed for this purpose. But we leave all of this to your better judgment. There was another matter of conversation with us on yesterday which, though not immediately connected with the defense of our coast, I would call your attention to. It was the propriety, the good feeling, of appointing one or two brigadier-generals from the State. We have now twenty-six regiments in the Confederate service, the soldiers of which I know will do their whole duty when called into action, but I am candid in saying that they wold serve with more zeal and alacrity if there was a sympathy between them and their commanding generals. I am aware that our people have not generally sought a military life, and perhaps may not have such an abundance of material as other States wherewith to make generals, but there are one or two exceptions-Colonel Gaston Meares and Colonel Martin. Colonel Meares was educated at West Point; removed

