
early in life to Arkansas, from which State he went to the Mexican war on the staff of Colonel Yell. He afterward returned to his native State, and is now is now in command of Third Regiment North Carolina State Troops. His many friends think that he is well qualified to discharge the duties of a brigadier-general. Respecting the qualifications of Colonel Martin, his long and faithful service in the Federal Army is higher commendation than I can bestow on him.

With great respect,

W. S. ASHE.

[4.]

RICHMOND, September 7, 1861.

General R. E. LEE,

Staunton, Va.:

GENERAL: Your several communications reporting affairs connected with your command have been submitted to the Secretary of War, who desires that an expression of his approval should be made to you. Medical officers recommended have been appointed and sent forward.

Your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

[SEPTEMBER 7, 1861.?]

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

The memorial of the undersigned citizens of the counties of Lancaster and Richmond, of the State of Virginia, in behalf of the citizens generally of these counties, as well as for the general interest and good of the Confederate States, respectfully represent that the county of Lancaster lies in the lower end of what is commonly known as the Northern Neck of Virginia, between the Chesapeake Bay on the east, and the Rappahannock River on the west and southwest; that the county has a shore or coast of some forty or fifty miles on the bay and Rappahannock River, besides a number of large creeks or inlets making in from the bay and river on each side, navigable for large-class vessels, and enabling them to penetrate several miles into the county in almost every direction. And in addition to these there is the Curratoman River, a branch of the Rappahannock, running through the county and dividing into two parts, which is navigable for seven or eight miles for large-class vessels and several miles farther for smaller ones. For several weeks past the enemy's steamers have been running up and down the Rappahannock from its mouth to Moratico Creek, the boundary between the counties of Lancaster and Richmond, sounding the shores of the river on both sides, and entering these creeks and the Curratoman River, out of which they a few days ago took two vessels, one moored in the Curratoman River, partly loaded with wheat, and the other in Deep Creek, loaded with vegetables and other provisions for the Fredericksburg market. Within the last two weeks also the enemy has taken off from this county twenty-five or thirty slaves, all or most of them athletic young men. Richmond County lies immediately above Lancaster on the Rappahannock, and has a shore bordering on that river of thirty-five or forty miles.

Your memorialists further state that there is no county in the State of Virginia or anywhere in the Confederate States more loyal and patriotic than the county of Lancaster. With a population of a little

