
officer of the Army is opposed to going to that section upon the false notion that it is unhealthy. And suppose it be true that it is unhealthy, are our people and their property to be abandoned to the tender mercies of the enemy because unfortunately they live in an unhealthy country, and that when their own soldiers have been taken away from their defense? And they would most respectfully ask if this be the protection that they are to look for from the Government of their choice? They cannot believe it; and they humbly and moskt respectfully pray that the Government will take some steps for their defense. Could they have their choice, they would say let the batteries at Cherry Point and Gray's Point be erected as was originally contemplated and a regiment of infantry be sent for the protection of each. If this cannon be thus, then they would ask that they might have a battery of flying artillery with rifled cannon for their defense. And if they cannot have this, let them have a sufficient infantry force to keep the enemy on his ships and prevent his landing on our soil, and so to guard the shores of the county as to prevent the escape of their slaves. And if this cannot be, at least they wouuld ask that their own slaves. And if this cannot be, at least they would ask that their own soldiers, who are not afraid of the climate, may be sent back, to give them such protection as they may be able to give. And your memorialists, as in duty bound, will ever pray, &amp;c.

SAML. GRESHAM, of Lancaster County.

A. L. CARTER, of Lancaster County.

THOMAS JONES, of Richmond County.

We file herewith a note of introduction by Governor Letcher.

[Inclosure.]

SEPTEMBER 7, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I beg leave to introduce to you Colonel Carter, Mr. Gresham, and Lieutenant Jones, who reside on the Rappahannock River. These gentelmen desire to confer with you respecting matters in which they have the deepest interest, the defense of their section. These are gentlemen of the highest respectability and are entitled to consideration.

I am, truly,

JOHN LETCHER.

[5.]

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, September 8, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

It is important that the telegraph line be extended to Mason's Hill, eight miles in advance of this. Most of the distance is along turnpike leading hence to Alexandria.

Most respectfully,

J. LONGSTREET,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS,Valley Mountain, September 8, 1861.

General JOHN B. FLOYD,

Commanding Army of Kanawha:

GENERAL: From reports that have reached me by citizens of Webster County I have thought it probable that the enemy's force you mention at Suttonsville is being increased with a view of making a

