
sudden blow at you. It is said that five regiments have been moved toward that point. Your position seems to be an inviting one for such a movement. I hope you are well informed of the enemy's force and probable intetions, and unless sufficiently strong would recommend recrossing the Gauley.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

[5.]

SUMMERSVILLE, VA., September 8, 1861.

General FLOYD:

SIR: News has just reached me of the advance of the enemy to near Powell's Mountain, twelve miles and a half distant. They report re-enforcements at Sutton, and this advance is made in consequence. The scouts report an advance party of 2,000, followed by 4,000 more. If this is true, they are intended to re-enforce Cox. If is is smaller, they want to drive us from this place. I do not think the force is as large as reported, but they are advancing with some force. I report these facts to you in conformity to your instructions. I have ordered the wagons at the mill to load and leave for your camp. They will leave some corn, which cannot be taken away for want of wagons. All the meal, however, will go.

In haste,

John McCAUSLAND,

Colonel, Commanding.

[5.]

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS,

Valley Mountain, September 8, 1861.

First. General H. R. Jackson, commanding Monterey Division, will detail a column of not more than 2,000 men, under Colonel Rust, to turn the enemy's position at Cheat Mountain Pass at daylight on the 12th instant, Thursday. During the night preceding the morning of the 12th instant, General Jackson having left a suitable guard for his own position, with the rest of his available force will take post on the eastern ridge of Cheat Mountain, occupy the enemy in front andco-operate in the asault of his attacking columnshould circumstnaces favor. The march of Colonel Rust will be so regulated as to obtain his position during the same night, and at dawn of the appointed day (Thursday, 12th) he will, if possible, surprise the enemy in his trenches and carry them. Second. The pass having been carried, General Jackson, with his whole fighting force, will immediately move forward toward Huttonsville, prepared against an attack from the enemy, taking every precaution against firing upon the portion of the army operating west of Cheat Mountain, and ready to co-operate with it against the enemy in Tygart's Valley. The supply wagons of the advancing column will follow, and the reserve will occupy Cheat Mountain. Third. General Anderson's brigade will move down Tygart's Valley, following the west slope of Cheat Mountain range, concealing his movement from the enemy. On reaching Wyman's or the vicinity he will report his force unobserved, send forward intelligent officers to make sure of his further course, and during the night of the 11th (Wednesday) proceed to Staunton turnpike where it intersects the west top of Cheat Mountain, so as to arrive there as soon after daylight on the 12th (Thursday) as possible. He will make dispositions to hold the turnpike, prevent re-enforcements reaching Cheat Mountain Pass, cut the telegraph wire, and be

