
prepared if necessary to aid in the assault of the enemy's position on the middle top of Cheat Mountain by General Jackson's division, the result of which he must await. He must particularly keep inmind that the movement of General Jackson is to surprise the enemy in their defenses. He must, therefore, not discover his movement nor advance beyond a point before Wednesday night, when he can conceal his force. Cheat Mountain Pass being carried, he will turn down the mountain and press upon the left and rear of the enemy in Tygart's Valley, either by the old or new turnpike or the Beckytown road, according to circumstances. Fourth. General Donelson's brigade will advance on the right of Tygart's Valley River, seizing the paths and avenues leading from that side to the river and driving back the enemy that might endeavor to retard the advance of the center along the tunpike or turn his right. Fifth. Such of the artillery as may not be used on the flanks will proceed along the Huttonsville turnpike, supported by Major Munford's battalion, followed by the

------

, of Colonel Gilham's brigade in reserve. Sixth. Colonel Burks' brigade will advance on the left of Tygart's Valley River in supporting distance to the center, and clear that side of the valley of the forces of the enemy that night obstructing the advance of the artillery. Seventh. The cavalry under Major Lee will follow, according to the nature of the ground, in rearof the left of Colonel Burks' brigade. He will watch the movements of the enemy in that quarter, give notice, and prevent if possible, any attempt to turn the left of the river, and be prepared to strike when opportunity offers. Eighth. The wagons of each brigade, properly packed and guarded, under the charge of their respective quartermasters, who will personally superintend their movements, will pursue the main turnpike under the general direction of the acting quartermaster, in rear of the army and out of cannon range of the enemy. Ninth. Commanders on both lines of operations will particularly see that their escorts wear the distinguishing badge; that both officers and men take every precaution not to fire on our own troops. This is essentially necessary, as the forces on both sides of Cheat Mountain may unite. They will also use every exertion to prevent noise and straggling from the ranks, correct quickly any confusion that may occur, and cause their commands to rapidly execute their movements when in presence of the enemy.

By command of Brigadier-General Loring:

C. L. STEVENSON,

Adjutant-General.

[5.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 10. Valley Mountain, September 8, 1861.

The following organization of the Army of the Northwest is published for the information of all concerned: First Brigade, Brigadier General H. R. Jackson-Twelfth Georgia, Third Arkansas, Thirty-first and Fifty-second Virginia Regiments, Hansbrough's battalion, Danville Artillery, and Jackson Cavalry. Second Brigade, Brigadier General S. R. Anderson-First, Seventh, and Fourteenth Tennessee Regiments, Hampden Artillery, and Alexander's company of cavalry. Third Brigade, Brigadier-General Donelson-Eighth and Sixteenth Tennessee, First and Fourteenth Georgia Regiments, Greenbrier Cavalry. Fourth Brigade, Colonel William Gilham-Twenty-first Virginia, Sixth North Carolina, First Battalion of Provisional Army, Troup Artillery. Fifth Brigade, Colonel William B. Taliaferro-Twenty-third, Twenty-fifth, Thirty-seventh, and Forty-fourth Virginia Regiments, Rices' and the Lee batteries of artillery. Sixth Brigade, Colonel J. S. Burks-Forty-second and Forty-eighth Virginia Regiments

