
and Lee's cavalry. For field serive, a section of the Hampden Artillery will be assigned to the Third Brigade, and one from the Trup Artillery with the Sixth Regiment. Commanders will send to the headquarters as soon as practicable a return of their respective brigades.

By order of General Loring:

C. L. STEVENSON,

Adjutant-General.

[5.]

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS,

Valley Mountain, September 9, 1861.

General JOHN B. FOYD,

Commanding Army of the Kanawha, Camp Gauley:

GENERAL: Great efforts have been made to place this column in marching condition. Although the roads are continuous tracks of mud in whch the wagons plunge up to their axles, I hope the forces can be united with a few days' supply of provisions, so as to move forward on Thursday, 12th instant. I therefore advise you of the probability that on your part you may be prepared to take advantage of it, and if circumstnaces render it advisable to act on your side.

Ihave the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General Commanding.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Gauley, September 9, 1861.

Colonel ST. GEORGE CROGHAN:

SIR: Your favor of yesterday has been received. I have made arrangements which will be carried into effect as soon as possible to have the hospital in Lewisburg properly organized and supervised. In the meantime you are hereby authorized and instructed to gather up such of the soldiers as are parading the streets and troubling the town and bring them with your command of cavalry to this camp, or send them sooner if in your judgment they are fit for service. In other words, you will investigate the cases of the invalids and bring them into camp with you or send all of them who you may think can render service. You are also authorized to exempt from enlistment among the militia all mechanics, artisans, &amp;c., who in your judgment may render the public more efficient service by prosecuting their respective trades at home. The embarrassment of the brigade in consequence of there being no bonded quartermaster in Lewisburg shall be remedied immediately. To effect this I will order the quartermaster of Fifty-first Regiment, Captain Mitchell Tate, who has executed his bond as quartermaster, to stop in Lewisburg and await my orders. I have received reliable information that the enemy are advancing from Sutton in large force 6,000 strong. You will therefore hasten up with your cavalry as soon as they are able to move. In the meantime you will make a memorandum of the purchases or of the expenditures which in your judgment the interest of the brigade requires to be made in Lewisburg, and leave it with Captain Tate. Or should he not be in Lewisburg when you move, bring it with you. The Union man who has been admitted to bail you will have arrested if you can, and send all the prisoners at Lewisburg to Richmond.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Kanawha.

[5.]

