
SUMMERSVILLE, VA., September 9, 1861.

General FLOYD:

SIR: The scouts report a large force this side of Powell's Mountain, some eight miles distant. They were advancing just before sunset. They further report the burning of Sutton and the wire bridge across Elk. This I can hardly believe, because I see no good reason for it. They report 100 or more wagons and say that the encampment last night covered two large fields. This, however, may have been done for effect. The cavalry sent out yesterday heavy cannonading yesterday up the country. These reports I send for your consideration. I have prepared my command for any emergency. Captain McCartney and Major Reynolds passed here this evening; they lost some time here, but I hastended them off.

Respectfully,

John McCAUSLAND,

Colonel, Commanding, &amp;c.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Gauley, September 9, 1861.

Colonel W. J. CLARKE,

Commanding Fourteenth Regiment North Carolina Volunteers:

SIR: Reliable intelligence has this evening reached General Floydthat the enemy, in large force, are advancing upon him within eighteen miles of this camp. You will therefore proceed at once, upon receipt of this, with your regiment to join him. The force of General Floyd at this camp is much inferior in number to that of the enemy reported to be advancing upon him. It is, then highly important that all the re-enforcement which he can get should promptly join him, in order that he may be able to maintain his position here.

By order, &c.:

WILLIAM E. PETERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Floyd's Brigade.

(Same letter written to Colonel A. R. Wright Third Regiment Georgia Volunteers, and to Colonel Walton Ector, Thirteenth Regiment Georgia Volunteers.)

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MONTEREY LINE, NORTHWEST ARMY Numbers 113. Greenbrier River, September 9, 1861.

1. Major Boykin, commanding Thirty-first Virginia Volunteers, will report forthwith to Colonel Rust, commanding Third Arkansas Volunteers, for duty.

2. Lieutenant-Colonel Hansbrough, commanding battalion, will report forthwith to Colonel Rust, commanding Third Arkansas, for duty.

3. Major Reger, commanding battalion, will report forthwith to Colonel Fulkerson for duty.

4. The troops brigaded under Colonel Fulkerson and Rust will draw forthwith four days' rations of salt meat and hard bread.

By command of Brigadier General H. R. Jackson, commanding line:

F. S. BLOOM,Aide-de-Camp.

[5.]

