
sure, quite attainable to cross the Ohio River and lay waste the right bank of the river, so as to force a withdrawal of the enemy from Virginia, or at least to materially jeopardize their supplies. A few regiments now would prove sufficient for this purpose. It is rumored that Cox is receiving re-enforcements at Gauley Bridge. If this be true, the necessity for strengthening our forces here becomes very urgent.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Kanawha.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Gauley, September 9, 1861.

Major ISAAC B. DUNN:

SIR: General Floyd addressed you a letter six days since urging you to hurry up by all possible means the regiments on the march to re-enforce him. He has this evening been reliably informed that the enemy in large force, not less than 4,000 strong, are advancing upon him on this side of Powell's Mountain. General Floyd's force is not half so strong as that of the enemy. He regrets exceedingly that the re-enforcements intended for him have not reached him, as with them he could maintain his position here against any force which the enemy could send against him; whereas without them there is dangerof his being overwhelmed by numbers. He has ordered the regiments at Lewisburg, the Fourteenth North Carolina and the Third Georgia, to join him without delay, as it would be hard for him to be cut to pieces by superior numbers within so short a distance of forces sent to support him, and which by their presence could prevent it. You will, therefore, employ every means to enable these regiments to move at once upon receipt of this to his support. Orders have been sent to them to this effect. General Floyd has been unofficially informed that there is a third regiment on the way to join him, and is probably in Lewisburg. If so, the same orders applies to it that has been sent to the two regiments above alluded to.

By order of Brigadier General John B. Floyd:

WILLIAM E. PETERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Floyd's Brigade.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 274. Richmond, September 10, 1861.

* * * * * *

VII. The artillery companies of Virginia Volunteers, commanded respectively by Capts. C. C. Otey and Alexander Jordan, now at Staunton, will proceed immediately to Yorktown and report to Brigadier-General Magruder, who will assign them to duty in the naval and intrenchment batteries at Gloucester Point. For the same service Captain W. C. Jeffress' company of artillery, now in camp near this city, is detailed, and the company will move at once to report accordingly.

* * * * * *

By order:

GEO. DEAS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

