
exercise of his executive functions, but it was their purpose to impose upon the Governor the obligation to consult the council in regard to all executive acts.

2. That a regular journal of the executive proceedigns and acts should be kept, in which should be recorded all appointments and proceedings of the Executive and the votes of the several councilors thereupon.

Adopted by the convention of Virginia April 23, 1861.

And the secretary is also directed at this point to place upon record the fact that in all the advises heretofore given to the Governor the vote of the council has been unanimous.

JOHN J. ALLEN.

FRANCIS H. SMITH.

M. F. MAURY.

[2.]

FAIRMONT, VA., April 23, 1861.

Governor JOHN LETCHER:

DEAR SIR: I have felt in my duty to send Major Thompson, one of my aides, to you, to inform you of the state of things here. We receive no mail south of the city of Washington any more. We must have arms here or else we shall be overrun. The Government of the United States furnishes arms upon the order of the postmaster at Wheeling, and threatens us with Ohio and Pennsylvania troops. The administration men threaten us with a provisional government and manifest a determination to take possession of this part of Virginia. Our people are right in this county with a few exceptions. Let us have arms here. Send them to Strasburg. Have them wagoned eighteen miles to Winchester and send by the railroad. Authorize us to call out at least 1,000 men, to be posted near Wheeling and along the railroad line. Send us a draft on the treasury of some money to meet this exigency. I have sent this express, deeming it my duty so to do. Major Thompson will give you the facts in detail. Let us have some pieces of ordnance. Send us as good arms you have. If no other kind, let us have flint-lock muskets. I hope you feel it your duty to pay the expense of this express. We are impatient to hear from you.

T. S. HAYMOND,

Major-General Third Division Virginia Militia.

RICHMOND, April 24, 1861.

(Received 25th.)

SECRETARY OF WAR:

Just arrived. Have seen Mr. Stephens. General Scott is determined to stand by Union and his oath. Two men arrested on Wilmington and Weldon road cutting bridges.

D. G. DUNCAN.

[2.]

RICHMOND, April 24, 1861.

(Received 6 o'clock.)

L. P. WALKER:

Mission of Mr. Stephen succesful. The Old Dominion is in our Confederarcy. An ordinance has just passd adopting the Provisional

Constitution. Delegates will be sent to our Congress 29th. Mr. Stephens has telegraphed the President.

D. G. DUNCAN.

[2.]

