
Volunteers, in camp near this city, are assigned to Colonel Ewell's regiment, and will proceed without delay to Williamsburg.

* * * * * *

By order of:

GEO. DEAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4 and 5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Walker, September 12, 1861.

General A. A. CHAPMAN:

SIR: On the 10th instant the enemy, 8,000 strong, commanded by Rosecrans, advanced upon me at my position on the right bank of Gauley. They commenced the attack upon me at 3.15 p. m. and the contest lasted until night. They were repulsed by my men in five distinct and successive charges. As their force was overwhelmingly large as compared with my own, I determned to recross the Gauley as instructed to do by General Lee, and take position on the left bank. This I did withoutg accident, in perfect order. My injury in the engagement was insignificant, amounting to only twenty wounded. The loss of the enemy, I have reason to believe from the statements of prisoners and from other sources, very considerable. But the country I find entirely exhausted of every means of subsisting my people, and the enemy in very strong force is, I understand, crossing the river with a view to a movement upon Lewisburg. I have hence resolved to fall back beyond the junction of the Meadow River road and the turnpike, with the view of checking their advance by the former. You will therefore fall back through the county of Monroe, with the view of co-operating with and joining me if necessary at Meadow Bluff. Upon this we can later confer, as I shall communicate with you often and inform you of my movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

John B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Walker, September 12, 1861.

Brigadier General Henry A. WISE:

SIR: I understand that the position near the Hawk's Nest lately occupied by you, and which a force of militia was ordered to take and defend, has been abandoned by them. The position is well known to you. You will send at once a force adquate to protect it.

Your obedient servant,

WM. E. PETERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Floyd's Brigade.

The above is signed by the adjutant of General Floyd as the latter has not the use of his right hand.

[5.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 152. Richmond, September 13, 1861.

* * * * * *

XII. Colonel Russell's Twentieth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, and Colonel Phillips' Legion, Georgia Volunteers, will immediately proceed to Lewisburg, Va., and report to General Floyd, commanding.

