
XIII. The two regiments of Georgia Volunteers which have beenlongest at Lynchbvurg, Va., will immediately proceed to Manassas, Va., and report for duty to General J. E. Johnston, commanding.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ADVANCED FORCES, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 2. September 13, 1861.

The commanding general is pleased to express his high appreciation of the conduct of the officers and soldiers under Colonel Stuart in the combat at Lewinsville on the 11th instant. Such deeds are worthy the emulation of the best trained soldiers. Threehundred and dfive infantry, under Major Terrill and a section of artillery, under Captain Rosser, and a detachment of the First Cavalry, under Captain Patrick, met androuted at least thrice their numbers of infantry, artillery, and cavalry without loss. This handsome affair should remind our fordces that numbers are of little avail compared with the importance of coolness, firmness, and careful attention to orders. If our men will do themselves justice, the enemy cannot stand before them.

By order of Brigadier-General Longstreet:

F. S. ARMISTEAD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-Gneeral.

[5.]

MEADOW BLUFF, September 13, 1861.

Brigadier General J. B. FLOYD:

SIR: Hearing on the night of the 11th that you had an engagement with the enemy and had fallen back across Gauley, I dispatched a picketimmediately to Hughes' Ferry by the Wilderness road, fearing that they might attempt your rear by that route or come on to the turnpike and cut off your supplies. I have moved on my cavalry at the earliest moment practicable, and have determined to halt for further orders, for the reason that I am informed by an officer from your camp, Lieutenant Quarrier, that you have ordered the Georgia and North Carolina regiments to halt at Tyree's, and have taken up your headquarters at Dogowood Gap. As the whole complexion of affairs has changed since I heard from you, and as the Wilderness road is a very important way of entrance for the enemy, I have considered it probably better for me to send to you for instructions, and in the meantime keep a force upon the Wilderness road. I fell that this is my prope recourse, although it may be seemingly disobeying isntructions, for the reason that there is aroad leading from McClung's, on the Wilderness road, ten miles from Hughes' Ferry, which leads to Nicholls' Mill, on the Meadow River, and thence leads into the turnpike near Frank Tyree's, at foot of Big Sewell. The enemy can take either that road or come straight to the turnpike one mile from here. There is also another road, leading from Gauley River at Williams' Ferry and, crossing Coal Knob, comes in at Lewisburg through Williamsburg, or through the latter place to the turnpike, four miles above this. These roads are

