
very important routes to the enemy, and I shall watch them with all my available force until I receive orders from you. I have had a picket on the Wilderness road near Hughes' Ferry since yesterday morning. I sent it from Lewisburg. A force about 200 militia will join me to-day from Lewisburg. I await your orders.

I am, sir, respectfully,

ST. GEO. CROGHAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Cavalry.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp near Tyree's, September 13, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel ST. GEORGE CROGHAN:

SIR: I am instructed by General Floyd to reply to your letter of this date. The report which rendered you of an engagement with the enemy on the 10th was correct. They, between 8,000 and 9,000 strong, with Rosecrans in command, advanced upon the position of General Floyd on the Gauley. Their approach was rapid, determined, and confident. The engagement commenced at 3.15 o'clock, and was continued till night put an end to it. The enemy were supported by two rifle cannon and four howitzers. They were repulsed in five successive and resolute charges. The men under the command of General Floyd stood the fire well, and behaved themselves, I think, to his satisaction. He did not sustain the loss of a single man. The number of his wounded was twenty. The loss of the enemy, judging from the statemnts of prisoners taken during the fight, must have been heavy. General Floyd, knowing that his force was vastly inferior to that of the enemy, and feeling that their advantage overhim in numbers was enhanced by htei rhaving two rifle cannon, against which his temporary and imperfect defense cold nt stand very long, determined to recross the Gauley. This he did with great success, not losing a man and without accident of any kind. He proceeded to the turnpike and took position midway between the junctions of the Saturday and Sunday roads with it. The surrounding country, however, he found entirely exhausted of all means of subsisting his stock. This consideration, in addition to the fact that he was informed the enemy was crossing the river probably at two points, Carnifix and Hughes' Ferries, with the view of moving upon Lewisburg, induced him to abandon this position, which he did this morning at 4 o'clock, and took up the line of march to this point. The above reference to the motives and objects of his action will readily suggest to you the elight in which he regards ment in watching the Meadow River road. He not only approves it, but instructs me to say that it is entitled to the highest commendation and praise, evicing as well military discrimination as promptness and judiciousness of action. So deeply was he impressed with the importance of this road to the enemy in the accomplishment of their design upon Lewisburg and of their plan of intercepting his supplies, that he sent a corps of militia commanded by Colonel Henry to take position near Meadow Bluff and watch the road with all vigilance. You will continue to scout and guard the roads named in your letter until otherwise ordered.

By order of Brigadier General John B. Floyd:

WILLIAM E. PETERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Floyd's Brigade.

[5.]

