
RICHMOND, September 13, 1861.

General R. C. GATLIN,

Goldsborough, N. C.:

Report to me the strength and position of each separate command in your department, what re-enforcements you expect from the State of North Carolina, and whether you can rise troops for local defense. Unarmed companies as far as may be necessary may be received.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, September 13, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: In reply to your dispatch of this date, I have to report that there are on the Cape Fear defenses two regiments of infantry, one company of cavalry, and one light battery, numbering about 1,700 effective men. In further reply to your dispatch of this date, I have the honor to inclose an imperfect report of the number of troops in this department and their locations. Assistant Adjutant-General Riddick, who is now at Richmond, has more perfect data as to the exact numbes, which he will furnish you. I went to Raleigh yesterday with the view of ascertaining what troops I might expect to be furnished by the State. I learned that Clinghman's regiment, numbering 1,100 men, was at Asheville and was under orders for Wilmington. As they have a march of seventy miles to make before they reach the railroad, I do not look for them here for a week. Tehy are to be furnished with arms on their arrival at Raleigh. Colonel Shaw's regiment, I was informed, had been ordered to Roanoke Island; its strength I did not learn. Since the receipt of your dispatch I have telegraphed to learn the force I was to epxect from the State, but could hear of but these two regiments. As to the number of troops to be raised for local defenses I am not infomred, but under the authority of your dispatch I shall proceed to raise such as I can and deem advisable.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, September 13, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General C. S. Army, Richmond:

GENERAL: In further reply to your dispatch of the 12th instant I have the honor to inclose herewith a report of the stations and proximate number of effective troops serving in this department. The report is made in the absence of records. Assistant Adjutant-General Riddick, who is now in Richmond, has more perfect data as to the numbers which he has probably furnished you. I visited Raleigh yesterday with the view of ascertaining what additional number of troops the State would furnish, and have since telegraphed on the subject. I was informed that Clingman's regiment, numbering 1,100, was at Asheville under orders for Wilmington, and Shaw's regiment, number not stated, was under orders for Roanoke Island. The orders for these two regiments probably came from the Governor of the State. They had not

