
RICHMOND, September 13, 1861.

General R. C. GATLIN,

New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: I transmit herewith copy of a telegraphic dispatch from the President to Governor H. T. Clark on the subject of the transfer of the North Carolina State Trops to the C. S. service. You will perceive by the dispatch that it is contemplated that you should cause such of the troops thus transferred and now serving in the State of North Carolina to be mustered into service. I do not find any instructions to you on this subject from this office, and this communication you will consider as instructions forthe muster.

Yours, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 153. Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ADVANCED FORCES, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 1. September 14, 1861.

The commanding officers of the different advanced positions will constantly every available hand in the construction of artillery proof parapets in their fronts. Any deficiency in the implements necessary for the construction of these works will be speedily reported to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier-General Longstreet:

F. S. ARMISTEAD,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers --. Camp on Valley River, September 14, 1861.

The forced reconnissance of the enemy's position, both at Cheat Mountain Pass and Valley River, having been completed and the character of the natural approaches and nature of the artificial defenses exposed, the Army of the Northwest will resume its former position at such time and in such manner as General Loring shall direct, and continue its preparations for further operations. The commanding general experienced much gratification at the cheerfulness and alacrity displayed by the troops in this arduous operation, the promptitude with which they surmunted every obstackle, driving in and capturing the enemy's pickets on the fronts examined, and exhibiting that readiness for attack which gives assurance of victory when a fit opportunity offers.

R. E. LEE,General, Commanding.

[5.]

