HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, September 14, 1861.

Colonel J. G. MARTIN,

Adjutant-General, Raleigh, N. C.:

COLONEL: Be so good as to inform me what troops, besides Clingman's and Shaw's regiments, it is contemplated by the Governor to raise for the defense of North Carolina, and by what time I may expect them. It is necessary that I should have at least five additional regiments, and that speedily.

Very respectfully,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[4.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ADVANCED FORCES, Numbers 3. Fairfax Court-House, September 15, 1861.

The undersigned relinquishes command of this station.

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Sewell, September 15, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America:

DEAR SIR: Amidst the multiplicity of your trials and vexations I had hoped that no ground of annoyance from this quarter of the country should be superadded to your burden. In this, however, I regret to say I find myself mistaken. Things have assumed a complexion here which require your prompt and immediate action. The petty jealousy of General Wise; his utter ignorance of all military rule and discipline; the peculiar contrariness of his character and disposition, are beginning to produce rapidly a disorganization which will prove fatal to theinterests of the army if not arrested atonce. He obeys no order without civil, and does not hesitate to disregard a positive and peremptory order, the most frivolus pretext, as you will see from the official correspondence I have transmitted tothe Department. The obvious and probably the proper course for me to pursue would have been instantly to have arrested General Wiseand sent him to Richmond. This, however, would not havecured the evil, for he has around him a set of men extremely like himself, and the demoralization of his corps I incline to think is complete. But such a course, whilst it could not have arrested the evil of which I complain, would certainly have been productive of others more annoying and as much to be regretted, if notmore than those I desire to be remedied. Upon his arrest and trial parties necessarily could be made to divide, and the enemies of your Government and of the country attempting stealthily to organize, and who will organize before very long, would seize upon such an incident to shape, if possible, public opinion, or direct public sentiment and sympathy. Besides, it would tend to distract public attention from the great and absorbing subject of the war to the insifnificant affairs of individual disputes. The course I have decided to pursue will, I tan active and clamorous support of you and your measures by that gentleman and his friends, because his transfer from theline by a simple order will save him from thepains and penealties of being cashiered, which would be his inevitable fate if charges were preferred against him, and in that event his whole influence would be lent to any opposition, however

unscrupulous. It is

