
troops are wanted to defend our State against threatened invasion there will be no want of volunteers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Sewell, September 16, 1861.

Lieutenant-Colonel CROGHAN:

SIR: Your dispatch of 2.30 p. m. yesterday has been received. I am instructed by General Floyd to report by saying that there have reached him within the last fourteen hours several sensational reports of the advance of the enemy in strong force, 5,000 strong. These reorts, however, have not been verified. The general is making preparation to receive them on the western descent of Big Sewell just above Walker's. As to the condition of your cavlary, and in consideration of the difficulty of procuring forage for them, you are [sic] he instructs me to suggest to you whether it would not be better for you to select 100 of the most available, to put the horses of the rest on some good pasture at a convenient distance from the Bluff, and to employ the men in obstructing the road to Hughes' Ferry, and in operating generally on foot until they may be needed on horses. This, however, the general does not order, and would like to hear from you on the course suggested, if you entertain any doubt as to its expediency or policy.

By order of Brigadier General John B. Floyd, commanding Army of the Kanawha:

WILLIAM E. PETERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Floyd's Brigade.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Sewell, September 16, 1861.

Colonel G. F. HENRY:

DEAR SIR: Upon further information received by me to-day and upon mature relfection on the contents of your dispatch, I think it proper to say to you that it becomes a matter of vital importance to prevent, if possible, and if not possible to prevent, then certainly to retard, the advance of the enemy upon the Wilderness road. Information comes in such shape that I would not feel justified in disregarding it, that the enemy have crossed or are cetrtainly crossing the Gauley River at Hughes' Ferry, in very large numbers. They of course, can have but one object, which is to attack Lewisburg. The column advancing on this road is intended to delay the movements of our column until the enemy upon the Wilderness road can get into our rear. This must be prevented, and one of the best modes by which it can be done is for you to go down as far as possible on the Wilderness road with all your force and spare no pains or labor to obstruct it completely. The closer these obstructions are to the river, the more desirable it is, and every point should be obstructed where such a thing is possible. Your prompt attention and active exertion in this behalf will be extremely serviceable to the public interest.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Kanawha.

[5.]

