HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Sewell, September 16, 1861.

General A. A. CHAPMAN:

SIR: Your letter of yesterday has just reached me, and I hasten to reply. I regret very much the spirit of dissatisfaction and discouragement among your command, of which you speak in your letter. For this I conceive there is no ground whatever. My movement in crossing the Gauley and falling back tothis point was one of necessity, induced by the sudden movement of an overwhelming force against me. I adiopted this, however, only after the enemy had been virtually beaten. This is acknowledged even in the report of Rosecrans himself, who says that I shifted my position across the Gauley, an din the same connection speaks of his loss under the terrific fire of my men. I am here, not in retreat, but to fight. I had held my position on the left bank of the Gauley, which I could have done with ease against any force, but it was necessary for me to fall back in order to meet their columns, which were converging in my rear. Then let your men be encouraged and of good cheer. I shall proceed at once to throw up intrenchements, and I desire that you will hold your command in readiness at some convenient and accessible point to co-operate with me, when the decisive fight with these people shall come off. When they (your men do come I shall have ready for them breast-works, and even through our numbers may be inferior to theirs, our past experience assures me that we can and will whip them. The wound which I received in my arm is very insignificant. I shall keep you advised of my movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Kanawha.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 155. Richmond, September 17, 1861.

* * * * * *

XI. Captain James Gordon, of the Chickasaw Rangers, Mississippi cavalry, will proceed with his company to Manassas, Va., and report for duty to General J. E. Johnston, commanding.

* * * * * *

XVI. Colonel McMillan's regiment Georgia Volunteers will immediately proceed to Goldsborough, N. C., and report for duty to General Gatlin.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4 and 5.]
HEADQUARTERS ADVANCED FORCES,September 17, 1861-10 a. m.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have just heard through a woman from the enemy's lines to one of our pickets that the enemy intends to occupy and fortify Lewinsville this week. I think it hardly probable that such a move will again be attempted, yet I should think it the only move that can

