
[CHAP. LXIII.

RICHMOND, September 19, 1861.

WILLIAM H. THOMAS, Esq.,

Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: The President decides that the Cherokee battalion may be mustered into the service of the Confederacy, and thinks it can be used advantageously for the defense of the coast and swamps of North Carolina. The above is a reply to your letter of the 15th instant to the President.

Very respectfully, &amp;C.,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[4.]

FRANKFORT, September 20, 1861.

General JOHN B. FLOYD,

Commanding Army of Kanawha:

GENERAL: I have reached this point on my way to your camp. Major Reynolds, whom I have met on the road, informs me that it is believed that the enemy in full force is crossing the Gauley to attack you. In that event I hope you will select the strongerst point west of Lewisburg. Collect all your force and throw up such breast works as you can to oppose him. Phillips' Legion and a Mississippi regiment was ordered on the 13th to report to you. If they have not done so, send back couriers to hasten them up; also send for General Chapman and Colonel Beckley to cross to your side, unless of more avail in the other. All your sick in rear of you ought to be sent well back - those at the Blue Sulphur, Lewisburg, &c. I have onlya few cavalry with me and shall be obliged to halt for the night this side of Lewisburg.

With high respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[5.]

GOLDSBOROUGH, September 20, 1861.

General ANDERSON, or Colonel FREMONT,

Wilmington:

General Cooper telegraphs:

The following telegram just received from General Lawton at Savannah: " Reliable private information satisfies me that an expediton has sailed for Fort Macon."

Be on your guard. Send an engineer to Fort Macon.

R. C. GALTIN,

Brigadier - General.

[4.]

RICHMOND, September 20, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

SIR: Knowing the heavy pressure of business on your mind and the great inconvenience of personals interviews, I have taken the liberty of presenting my views on the subject of our defenses in North Carolina. I am informed by Colonel S. L. Fremont, who has been superintending the batteries and forts, that in the course of a week or ten days the works protecting the entrances at the mouth of the river will be in a good and

