
Bureau was compelled to send to North Carolina one of the carriages intended for the battery at Yorktown, and another is now demanded for Fernandina, Fla.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE MINOR,

Commmanded, for Chief of the Bureau.

[Indorsement.]

I have acquitted myself of my duty only when all the facts in this case are made known to the Secretary of war and President. They are these: First. The carriages for the naval battery at Yorktown, under Captain Henderson, are so utterly worthless, being made of pine, that the guns will dismount themselves after a few fires. Second. Their manner of construction prevents their beng elevated sufficiently to explode a 15 - inch fuse, and therefore their greatest range cannot be attained. Third. Carriages of a good pattern [barbett of the army] were promised one month ago by the Navy Departmetn, but have not come. Fourth. The water as the mouth of York River is so deep and ample that the largest ships and in any numbers can attack our batteries, and with our present carriages we cannot reach them. I respectfully request, therefore, that the President, through the Secretary of War, be made acquainted with the exact state of this battery. This request is made with no other object than that he may have an opportunity of forming his own judgment as to the relative importance of the places to which these carriages may be assigned.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,September 21, 1861.

Brigadier General A. A. CHAPMAN:

SIR: I am glad to be informed through your letter of the 20th ultimo that you will within a few dasys join me with your command. The forces under you may be much needed vary shortly in repelling the enemy, who I have been daily expecting would attack me here. Your suggestion as to the establishment of a general hospital for the sick at Salt Sulphur Springs meets with my approval. You will, however, please give me in detail the proposed plan and management of the hospital. This you can do more fully when we met thanby letter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier - General, Commanding Army of the Kanawha.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Coldsborough, September 21, 1861.

ADJUTANT - GENERAL C. S. ARMY,

Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Brigadier General J. R. Anderson arrived here last night on his way to visit other parts of the coast defenses under his command, but I was compelled to order him to return to Wilmington and remain in command of the defenses of Cape Fear until some responsible officer

