
[CHAP. LXIII.

could be assigned to that duty. I beg to call your attention to my letter of the 18th instant, on the subject of assigning two additional brigadier - generals to this department, and to request speedy action upon it.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GALTIN,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.

[4.]

DEPARTMENT HEADQUARTERS,

Yorktown, September 22, 1861.

Colonel J. G. HODGES,

Mulberry Island:

COLONEL: General Magruder directs that you will take position with your regiment at Curtis' farm, on Mulberry, near the point you formerly occupied there. He also directs that you will cause the two 42 - pounder carronades in your charge, with their ammunition, to be moved to the mouth of Warwick River and placed in position in the work constructed by you there. You will act with Colonel mcLaws in defending the entrance to Warwick River and Mulberry Island.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HY. BRYAN,

Lieutenant and Aide - de- Camp.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,September 22, 1861.

Brigadier General A. BECKLEY:

DEAR SIR: Your favor of the 21st instant has just been received. In reply, I am directed by General Floyd to say to you that you can with your command remain in your present position, or take on your side of the river one where you can render most services to the country. It would be useless for your to come to him when you could not bring a large portion of your command, anb it is much better for you to remain when an attempt to join him would result in the disorganization of yur command. The general regrets that such a state of things exists among the military with you, and that you are surrounded with difficulties which he understands cannot easily be controlled.

By order of Brigadier General John B. Floyd:

WM. E. PETERS.

Assistant Adjutant - General, Floyd's Brigade.

[5.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 285. Richmond, September 23, 1861.

* * * * * * *

VI. The Fifty - sixth Virginia Regiment is hereby constituted under the following field officers: Colonel, William D. Stuard; lieutenant - colonel, Philips Peyton Slaughter; major,, William E. Green. Companies: Mecklenburg Guards, Captain T. T. Boswell; Mecklenburg Spartans, Catp. G. W. Davis; Louisa Holliday Guards, Captain C. Patteson; Ebenezer Grays, Captain T. J. Taylor; Charlotte Defenders, Captain T. D. Jeffress; Charlotte Grays, Captain W. E. Green; Louisa Nelson Grays, Captain John Richardson; White Hall Guards, Captain J. Augustus Michie; Harrison's Guards,

