
[CHAP. LXIII.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ADVANCED FORCES, Numbers 5. Falls Church, September 24, 1861.

I. In addition to the precaution of having all teams hitched and ready to move at 3 o' clock every morning, commanders will have all teamsters carefully instructed to hitch up whenever the alarm is given, and will send their wagons to the rear as soon as they can be loaded.

II. In case of alarm, Captain Rosser, commanding artillery, will immediately order three pieces, one a rifled gun, to report to the commanding general.

III. Commanding will keep their men, not on guard, within hearing of their headquarters.

By order of Brigadier - General Longsteet:

G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant - General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ADVANCED FORCES,September 24, 1861.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant - General:

COLONEL: I have recently from various and reliable sources that one or move major - generals have been appointed and that the appointments have been given to persons whom, under the law and on account of services, I should now rank. I can cheerfully submit to have persons placed over me who have rendered any particular service, but I cannot admit the right or justice of having persons placed over me on any other account. When I returned to my home to take part in the couse of my poeple, I sacrificed everything except, as I through, the hope of a proper recognitionof my services. The placing of persons above me whom I have always ranked and who have just joined this services I regard as graet injustice. I therefore request that an officer be detailed to relieve me of this command. I think that I have done my share of this service, which is not altogether the most agreable.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREES,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.

[5.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, September 24, 1861.

General J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Williamsburg, Va.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 20th instant, referred by the Adjutant - General to this Department, I am directed by the Secretary of War to say that your course in impressing labor for work upon fortifications, in cases of absolute necessity and for fair price, is fully approved.

Respectfully,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Chief of Bureau of War.

[4.]

GOLDSBOROUGH, September 24, 1861.

General J. R. ANDERSON,

Wilmington, N. C.:

Six steamers were off Fort Macon at sunset last evening, four in sight from the fort and two others seen from the masthead of the

