
Alliance. Will communicate again when the train comes in. Ought there not to be an engineer officer at Fort Macon?

R. C. GALTIN.

[4.]

GOLDSBOROUGH, September 24, 1861.

General ANDERSON,

Wilmington, N. C.:

Train just in. All the steamers off Fort Macon yesterday evening disappeared during the night except two.

R. C. GALTIN.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 162. Richmond, September 25, 1861.

* * * * * * *

IV. The Howell Guards, Florida Volunteers, will proceed to Evansport, Va., and report for duty to the commanding officer of that post.

V. The following troops will immediately proceed to Lewisburg, Va., and report for duty to Brigadier - General Floyd, commanding, viz: Major Waddill's battalion Louisiana Volunteers; Fofty - fourth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, Colonel R. C. Trigg commanding; Fifty - sixth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, Colonel Stuart commanding; Fifty - seventh Regiment Virginia Volunteers, Major Keen commanding.

VI. Captain J. T. Montgomery will immediately proceed with his company to Manassas, Va., and report for duty to General J. E. Johnson, commanding the Army of the Potomac.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant - General.

[5.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, September 25, 1861.

Brigadier - General HUGER,

Norfolk, Va.:

SIR: The Adjutant - General has referred to me your letter of the 21st instant. You have misapprehended the views of this Department, and I will endeavor to make them fully understood. Congress, by its law, and the President, by his proclamation, have evinced the policy of the Government to require the expulsion of all alien anemies from our confines. They have not only a right to pass out country, but we force them out against their own volition. Which is the best route for their passage out? I suppose Norfolk to be so for those who leave Virginia and the two Carolinas. I therefore issue passes to all alien enemies who wish to emigrate bu way of Norfolk, and my instructions to you were intended to direct you to let them all pass. One consideration, however, occured to me. Somebody bearing my pass might be known to you as dangerous, as one who would do us special injury if allowed to pass. I therefore authorized you, inspite of my pass, to arrest such a person. You now perceive that you have no examination to make, no discretion to exercise on your own responsibility. You are

