
[CHAP. LXIII.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 163. Richmond, September 26, 1861.

V. Major Jasper Whiting, assistant adjutant - general, Provisional Army, will proceed to Manassas, Va., and report to General J. E. Johnston for duty on the staff of Major General G. W. Smith.

* * * * * * *

XI. Colonel James J. Archer will relieve Colonel Lewis A. Armistead in the command of the Texas Volunteers encamped near this city.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant - General.

[5.]

LYNCHBURG, VA., September 26, 1861.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

The only armed troops at this post are four companies of Stovall's infantry battalion Georgia Volunteers, 331 men, and Captain Yeiser's artillery company of Georgia Volunteers, 62 men, with three 6 - pounders, and nearly equipped. It wants ten or twelve more horses.

H. L. CLAY.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ADVANCED FORCES,September 26, 1861.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant - General:

COLONEL: I send herewith the report of Colonel Stuard upon the movement of yesterday. Colonel Kershaw's will be forwarded as soon as received. * I am inclined to think that the failure of the effort is due entirely to Colonel Kershaw's getting on a different road from the one I intended he should have taken. Hads he been up to time there is no doubt but there would have been one more Bull Run affair. As things miscarried, the enemy discovered us in time to get a good start. I would be glad to have the strans between the Court - House and this bridge. The crossings are almost impassable. My bake oven is just finished here and I would to get a coupte of bakers. The details from my own brigade are so heavy that I do not wish to order is from my own. My masond. by the by, declare that we will surely move in a few days, as we have not yet been able to use one of the last three ovens that they have built. A verbal message was left here a few days ago to the effect that it was not desired to keep our pickets strictly to their present line. Is it desired that they should advance? I have kept them moving a little at a time where it can be done, but do not think my force strong enough to make any decided advance movement. The message left on Munson's Hill by Colonel Preston, of General Johnson's staff. Colonel Kershaw's regiment has at his request been allowed to remain here a few days over his time.

I remain, sir, j very respectfully,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.

[5.]

---------------

* Neither Stuard's nor Kershaw's reports found. For Brigadier General William F. Smith's report for the Union side, see VOL. V. p. 215.

---------------

