
NAVY DEPARTMENT, C. S.,

Richmond, Va., September 26, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

DEAR SIR: The inclosed letter was this day handed to me by the officer in charge of Orders and Detail of this Department, Captain Buchanan. I find a decided impression prevailing in circles informed upond the condition of the river batteries in Virginia that they are less eddicient than they might be made by certain changes, and Captain Buchanan's suggestions are therefore worthy of consideration. Perhaps an assignment of the James River batteries especially to naval officers, who are all more or less familiar with this particular river, in the manner he speaks of, might result advantageously, and I desire to say that I will be very glad to adopt this or any similat measure which may conduce to the greater security of the river. I am informed that there are no naval officers at the extensice and important works om Craney Island.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE OF ORDERS AND DETAIL, NAVY DEPT., C. S.,

Richmond, Va., September 26, 1861.

Honorable S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Under the present arrangement the batteries in the neighborhood of Norkfolk and on the various rivers in which are mounted naval guns, and many of which are commanded by naval officers, are not as efficient as they ough to be. Several of these batteries are under the orders and control of the Army, and no naval officers attached to them, and others are commanded by naval officers, but the men are not placed under the control of those officers, consequently the efficiency of the batteries is impaired. Soldiers should be detailed for duty in those batteries and placed under the excusive orders of the naval officers, and their removal subject only to the orders of the commanding general of the division in which they are placed. The company officers should be present at the exercises of the guns, so as to enable them to succeed the naval officers in the event of death, and they should drill their men daily at the smallarms naval officers in the general police duties of the duties of the batteries. Under this system discipline, efficiency, and harmony will be obtained, and the batteries rendered much more serviceable to the country than they now are.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANKLIN BUCHANAN,

Captain, in Charge.

[Memorandum.]

The military officers of the land sea services of the Confederate States shall rank together as follows: First, a lieutenant of the Navy, with captains of the Army; second, a commission, with lieutenant - colonels; fourth, five years thereafter, with colonels; fifth, ten years thereafter, with brigadier - generals; and sixth, fiften years after the date of his commission, with major - generals. Nothing in the preceding paregraph shall authorize a land officer to command any part of the Army on land; neither shall an officer of the one service have a right to demand any compliment on the score of rank from any officer of the

