
LYNCHBURG, September 27, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

The Orange and Alexandria road is either deficient in cars, or from some other cause is to be relied upon to carry troops at any appointed day. nOw a large quantity of commissary stores await transportation over it. Which shall go first, these or the

troops?

H. L. CLAY.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ADVANCED FORCES,September 27, 1861.

Colonel T. JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

COLONEL: By accident I got, last night, yesterday's and day before's papers; also information that this position will be attacked by a very strong force in a few days. I sent last night a telegram announcing the intelligence. I do not think that the advance will be that of the grand army; therefore I think the enemy should be driven back. Ten thousand men on this line can drive him back or force him into a general engagement, from which we may retire or not, as may be most suitable to our feelings and conveniences. I think it hardly advisable to determine to give battle to an army by the forces now occupying the line. The front of the line, if properly contested -that is, the advance against the front - ought to hold against a considerable army, byt four hours' march will place the enemy in rear of either flank. The right could, I think, be defended by small re - enforcement of infantry and some artillery. On the south side of this pike, and very near to it, three - quarters of a mile north of this, is a very commanding eminence. Properly defended, with some re - enforcement here and at Padgett's, I think this line can be held. I have asked for some heavy guns for the hill referred to before. They can easily and readily be masked there. Major Chichester, who goes up today, can tell you all about it. The line is so long that it will be impossible, for me to attend to the whole of it by personal directions, and I have not great confidence in the proper conduct of a retreat by volunteers. I am not advised whether General Bonham's command is to remain at or near the Old Court - House. I hope the general will have a pickets established at the bridge over the Accotink between Annandale and the court - house, and one at the cross - roads between the court - house and this, to prevent persons visiting the advance lines who have no authority to do so. The late papers I send by Major Chichester.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp at Meadow Bluff, September 27, 1861.

Major Gem. R. E. LEE:

SIR: At this season of the year I do not remember to have seen such a storm in the mountains of Virginia. It has put an almost absolute stop to all locomotion. Still, I have done everything that could be done toward sending you supplies. I nformed you in a dispatch this morning that I had already sent forward three days'provisions with the men

