
[CHAP. LXIII.

who had marched from this point. I have today sent forward all that wagons could be found to carry. I will spare no exertions, but make still greated to send forward provisions. The transportation, however, at command here is inadequate. Whilst it was sufficient for the troops it was originally intended for, the addition of more than double their numbers will render the supply, fear, somewhat precarious, to be furnished by that means only. I have given orders to active and energetic men to procure additional transportation, and to spare no pains or time to hurry forward the supplies. The passage of the two Sewells and the dreadful gorge between them interposes most formidable barriers to the supply of the army, and presents, I think, a fair ground for consideration as to the task of imposing it upon the enemies instead of assuming it ourselves. Our flanks here now are fully secured against any lateral movement whatever, in my judgment. The swamps are full beyond all precedent at this season of the year, and with the exception of two or three passes, in my judgment readily defended. Two or three weeks at least must elapse before the enemy would venture upon a flank movement. For twenty miles I think our front more secure than it would be were we behind the Greenbrier River. The distance from our main depot of supply [Lewisburg] just half of what it is to the top of the Big Sewell. Under these circumstanaces I leave it to your better judgment to determine what policy is to be pursued. Whatever that may be, I shall leave no exertion untire to carry out. But for the dreadful state of the weather and the more than usual painfulness of my arm I should have visited your camp today.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD.

By WM. E. PETERS,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[5.]

CAMP AT SEWELL'S MOUNTAIN, September 27, 1861.

General JOHN B. FLOYD,

Commanding, &amp;c., Meadow Bluff:

GENERAL: I find that additional cannon could be advantageously used on our left, the weakest point, where the regiments of your brigade are posted. Can you spare a section of Guy's battery - two piece? If so, please send them, with provisions and forage for three days, and jtwo tents for the men. Tell the officer in charge to bring his ammunition - 100 rounds at least. General Loring, with whom there is a bettery, must at least have reached Frankfort last evening. His progress today has probably been slow. We have had a terrible storm all day in these mountains, and I fear the men have suffered much. The provisions for the five regiiments and artillery of your brigade will be exhausted tomorrow. Please send a further supply. There is beef here.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp at Meadow Bluff, September 27, 1861.

Major General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: In your letter of this date you say, " I send a letter referred to me by General Wise, of which I know nothing and can do

