
[CHAP. LXIII.

2. When in the presence of the enemy the preparation of the daily provisions for the regiments will be performed at night, and at daylight every morning the baggage wagons will be packed ready for marching and be moved to the rear under the direction of the chief quartemasters, each regimental quartemaster giving his personal attention to the movement of his train. One four - horse wagon will be allowed to each company for the transportation of all its effects.

By command of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[5.]

OFFICE OF THE COMMITTEE OF SAFETY,

Wilmington, N. C., September 28, 1861.

Whereas repeated application have been made by this committee of safety to the authorities both of this State and the Confederate States for the appointment of a competent officer to be permanently located in this town, with such ranks as will give him command from New River to the South Carolina line, and so far as this committee are advised no such distrinct appointment having yet been made: Therefore,

Resolved, That the chairman of this committee be requested to correspond with the Secretary of War and memorialize him to detail General Anderson, now on duty in this State, for the special purpose herein indicated.

Resolved, That this committee highly appreciate the untiring industry, energy, and military skill of Colonel S. L. Fremont, which have been contributed to the defenses of our coast and town, and earnestly desire a continuance of his valuable services, and therefore respectfully reccommend him to the Secretary of War for such appointment as will confer on him, in the absence of General Anderson, the power to control and direct the preparations for defense and command the officers and troops in charge thereof in said military district.

S. D. WALLACE,

Secretary.

[4.]

WILMINGTON, September 28, 1861.

President DAVIS,

Richmond:

I have no guns of sufficien at range on these works. Two large rifle canon and carriages are here on their way to South Carolina. Does the emergency justify my taking them fro defense here? Please let me know today.

J. R. ANDERSON,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

SECRETARY OFF WAR:

Can we not replace these guns for South Carolina? The necessity justifies the change if only a brief delay will be involed.

J. D[AVIS].

[4.]

EASTVILLE, NORTHAMPTON COUNTY, VA.,

September 28, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

SIR: You will pardon me, I hope, for making some suggestions as the defense of the Easter Shore of this State. The two counties of

