
[CHAP. LXIII.
CAMP AT SEWELL MOUNTAIN,

September 29, 1861.

General JOHN B. FLOYD,

Commanding on Meadow Bluff:

GENERAL: General Loring, with three regiments and a section of artillery, arrived this evening. General Anderson's brigade, I understand, will be here tomorrow. This gives us great strenght. General Loring informs me that you propose bringing 2, 000 men yourself tomorrow. I shall be happy to see you, and if the troops are prepared with supplies for a forward movement we might drive the enemy over the Gauley. We have been theatened with an attack every day, but it has as yet been suspended. The concentration of so large a force will require great energy in the quartemaster's and commissary department. Fifty barrels of flour will be required daily for one item, and provender for the animals. Captain Thomas, the commissary, requires fifty wagons as s supply train. With that amount of transportation he says he can keep this force supplied. I have direcrted one wagon to be allowed each company of the Wise Legion for the transportation of company luggage, and the rest to be turned over to the supply train. Can you furnish any wagons from your camp? I send Major Cleary to make the arrangements necessary to insure the transportation of supplies, unless you have already done so through Major Dunn. Please let me know what arrangements have been made. As yet we have plenty of beef and are getting long forage. Flour, salt, and grain are essential.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

P. S. - The section of Captain Guy's battery has just reported. I have assigned it to Colonel Heth's command.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp at Meadow Bluff, September 29, 1861.

Major General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: Inquiries, by order of General Floyd, will be made at once abot the absentees without leave from the command of Colonel Tompkins. If they are found in this camp they will be ordered to join their command as soon as possible. Your orders for supplies for the troops on Sewell have been punctually attended to. Provisions were forwarded yesterday, but could to reach them on account of the bad state of the turnpike. The salt at the White Sulpur will be procured if this can be done, and ordered from that point. General Loring arrived here with two regiments and battery yesterday evening at 6 o' clock. The militia, 1, 500 strong, under command of General Chapman, are encamped one mile and a half from this point. Colonel Phillips' legion of cavalry and riflemen are also here; reached this camp yesterday 5 p. m.

By order of Brigadier General John B. Floyd:

WM. E. PETERS,

Assistant Adjutant - General, Floyd's Brigade.

[5.]

