
[CHAP. LXIII.

shall therefore have to attack him. If we could get a week's provisions for the troops we could move against him. By re - enforcing the Wise Legion with the militia at your camp to hold this place we could move against his rear and thus break up his position. Please see what arrangements can be nade for securing provisions. A commissary for your troops ought to be present with them, for ought to send up sufficient supplies. Captain Barton could attend to it either here or there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp at Meadow Bluff, September 30, 1861.

Major General R. E. LEE:

SIR: Your note of the 25th, relative to turning over the command of General Wise to me in ibedience to the Secretary of War, by some strange casualtynever reached my hands until today. This, I hope, will account to you for what otherwise would seem to be an inexcusable negligence in bot answering you note or in to visiting your camp as suggested by you. I hope to see you tomorrow, however, when the business referred to can be adjusted in detail.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier - General, Commanding Army of the Kanawha.

[5.]

WILMINGTON, N. C., September 30, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

Two regiments have in part arrived, but without personal equipments, and unorganizd. They will not be fit for the field for some time. I have not more that 500 or 600 men fit for duty on each side of the river. Could you send me one regiment each from Norfolk and Peninsula, and take these new ones in exchanges?

J. R. ANDERSON,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.

[4.]

RICHMOND, September 30, 1861.

Brigadier General J. R. ANDERSON,

Wilmington, N. C.:

The exchanger of regiments suggested in your dispatch cannot be made.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborought, September 30, 1861.

General J. R. ANDERSON, C. S. Army,

Commanding Coast Defenses, Wilmington, N. C.:

GENERAL: It is with extreme regret that I find this department so deficient in well - prepared troops. I have exhausted my arguments

