
with the authorities at Richmond for more troops without any other effect than the procurement of one Georgia regiment just organized. The State authorities have at length organized three regiments from the companies heretofore raised, and the last of these regiments will pass here today on its way to join you. Allow me to say a few words on regard to your suggestin to place one of the Fort Macon regiments in reserve at this place. Colonel Singeltary has but seven companies of his regiment at New Berne, the remaining three being in garrison at Fort Macon. Some days ago I directed Colonel Campbell to move one of his regiments to Carolina City * * * [illegible] * * * You are aware that one or more streams navigable from the Neuse to within a short distance of the road might readily be ascended by the enemy, and can imagine the state of things should they get possession of and either hold or destroyed the bridge sixteen miles from New Berne. Now it is for the guarding of these all - important points and to assist in the defense of New Berne that I desire to place the regiment at Carolina if necessary, but hardly in time to protect the road below that point, inasmuch as the position of Hatteras enables the enemy to advance up the Neuse without our having more than a few hours' noriice. These reasons make me hesitate about complying with your suggestions, nor can I do so unless further thought shall induce me to adopt them. Should the enemy appear in force off the mouth of the Cape Fear I will furnish such aid as I can, but I am at a loss at present where to get it. Excuse this letter, as it emanates from these brain of a sick man, scarcely able to be our of bed long enough to write it.

Very respectfully, your obeient servant,

R. C. GALTIN,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.

[4.]

WILSON, N. C., September 30, 1861.

Honorable JEFF. DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America, Richmond, Va.:

HONORED SIR: As s private citizen, yet one who has traveled extensively along the coat of this State, from the Virginia line to the mounth of the Cape fear River, would humbly and most respectfully entreat of you, as the Executive of the Confederate states of America, to whom the authorities of this State have referred the coast defense of North Carolina, to call upon the Governon of this State to send re - enforcements as fast as practicable to the commanders of the different places of defense already occupied, and to make defenses at every acceptable place where the enemy can possibly make a landing. There is a fully sufficiency of emn left in the State for our own defense if called into service and sent to the right points, without ordering a single company from any other State, or returning any of those now in Virginia who volunteered from this State. For some unaccountable reason the authorities of this State seem not to have comprehended the importance and necessity of our coast defense, and have been slow to order a competent force or a sufficient armament. I cannot believe that there is wanting partiotism among the rulers or people of this State that has caused this neglect, but a want of properly comprehending its nature and importance. I know you must necessarily have your mind greatly occupied in the positions of the defenses on the Potomac and Western Virginia, and yet I feel assured that you mukst be fully alive to and sen

