
[CHAP. LXIII.

sible of the great injury that must result to the Confederate cause should Eastern North Carolina come under the dominion of the Federal power. I am an old man, and have two sens in Company F, Fourth Regiment North Carolina State Troops [one only sixteen years old, who begged his mother and me to let him go to defend his country from the worse than savage invaders]; but old as I am, when the enemy lands where I can get at them I am going to meet them and drive them out or die in the attempt. Excuse this trespass on your valuable time. May God be with you to bless you, give you victory over our enemies, and crown you in glory, is the prayer of your fellow - citizen,

A. J. BATTLE.

[4.]

RICHMOND, October 1, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a letter just received from Winchester.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

John H. WINDER,

Brigadier - General.

[Inclosure.]

WINCHESTER, VA., September 30, 1861.

General WINDER: I understand when in Richmond a few days since that the granting of passes to cross our lines to Maryland had been strictly forbidden. I take the liberty of addressing you to say that it is not observed here. I saw a hack - load of men leave here this morning via Hancock with passes from General Carson. One of them, a German named brink, who lives in Baltimore, has been traveling South for some time and lives and does business in Baltimore. Two of the load are Methodist ministers. There is a regular thoroughfare between this place and Hancock, and I think it should be stopped. On last Friday night a party of about fifty Federal troops camej over to Balt, drove all of the men out of the town, took possession of a woolen factory, and carried all the wool and cloth away, and will no doubt destroyed and carry away the leather from a tannery there, which has a large lot on hand for the Confederacy. I have if from Doctor brown, who was compelled to leave, that had General Carson sent fifty men there, as he was requested to do some few days ago by a number of gentlemen who came here for vented from commutting the foray on Friday night last. Had I the proper authority I could prevent the passage of meant from here to Hancock; and in my judgment it is one cause of much of the depredation committed, as persons going over are doubltess questioned as to the position of our troops. I communicate this from a sense of duty, and will be glad to be of service to you should you see proper to command my services. I can refer you to citizens of Richmond who know me personally - Honorable J. R. Tucker, J. S. Calvert [State treasurer], Hy. St. George Offut, esq.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. PRICE.

[5.]

