
WINCHESTER, VA., October 1, 1861.

Honorable Mr. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War:

MY DEAR SIR: I send you a paper * of the 30th, which I procured today from a lady, and will continue to do so from time to time. From a lady [perfectly reliable] I learn that there has been a desperate fight in Baltimore between the Catholic and Protestant Irish in the Federal Army, and that it was quelled by ordering out the artillery and threatening to fire upon them. I learn also that Mrs. Phoenix, formerly Miss Legare, of South carolina, was taken to a police station and searched by a man, her clothing taken off almost to the skin, also her shoes and stockings, and her hair examined. I learne today that the 12th of October is the day for a general advance. This may be true, but the source not very reliable. In my opinion, if our Government has no secret police in this section, it would be well to send the very best manthat can be found into this part of Virginia. Winchester, Charlestown, and near Harper's ferry will afford him a fine field of operation. The Federals are threatening to cross every day at the Ferry, and may do so. On Saturday night they crossed and came as far as Halltown, but were driven back by the pickets. If they cross in numbers over 1, 000 men, Colonel Ashby will be compelled to fall back. Mr. Boteler and Hunter will visit you iin a day or two in regard to the border. Being just from the river, I pen this, thinking I may be of some service to the cause of my country.

With respect, yours, most obediently,

J. A. AVIRETT, Jr.

N. B. - I am satisfied that some of the bullets that are being fired from the other side are poisoned, and you will have some of them sent to you for examination.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, October 1, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant - General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: General D. H. Hill having reported for duty, I have assigned him to the command indicated in Special Orders, Numbers 166, adding thereto Fort Macon and its dependencies, inasmuch as that post is intimately connected with the defenses of Neuse River. I hope this addition will meet with your approval. The last of three volunteer regiment passed here this morning en route for Wilmington. This increases the force of General Anderson at that pointto some 3, 000 men, but they are raw troops, many of them yet to received arms, which I learn are to be issued on their arrival.

very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GALTIN,

Brigadier - General.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, October 1, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Special Orders, Numbers 166, assigning Brigadier - General Hill to duty in this department, directs him to be changed will the defense

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

