
[CHAP. LXIII.

of that portion of the State lying between Albemarle sound and the Neuse River and Pamlico sound, including those waters. By this the post on Roanoke Island becomes a part of his command, as the island lies between Croatan and Roanoke Sounds, which connect Albemarle with Pamlico Sounds. I am uncertain if this was designed by the order; certainly it would be difficult for General H. to give proper attention to that island, inasmuch as it must draw its supplies for the presnt form Norkfolk, the only route by which it is safety approachable as long as the enemy occupy Hatteras in force, our until we place a sufficient number of gun - boats upon Pamlico Sound to control its navigation. General huger at present attends to the wants of Roanoke Island, and will continue to exercice controlthere until I am prepared to relieve his troops. I would respectfuly recommend that a third district be formed, embracing Roanoke Island and the Albemarle Sound with the an active officer be key to the Albemarle, and the adjacent country demande the service of troops for its protection.

Hoping that you will give the mater your earliest attention, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GALTIN,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.

[4.]

WILLIAMSBURG, N. C., October 1, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War ad interim, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: Since the fall of Hatteras there has been great anxiety and uneasiness in regard to our section of the country. Forifications are now going up on Roanoke Island [probably as rapidly as possible] which when completed will, in the opinion of some, protect the Albemarle country, while in the opinion of others it is exeedingly doubtful whether with the guns they have it can be made safe against a flotilla of gun - boats with long - range guns, and in any event will not be sufficient so long as Pamlico river is unprotected. I have just been visited by two of the most intelligent and worthy citizens of Washington County, and they inform me that their county they consider quite unsafe, as well as Tyrrell county, which lies below them, on the south side of Albemarle Sound. And what adds to their appehension is that the volunteers who have been taken out of those counties and were made prisoners at Hatteras leaves, they fear, a majority of Washington Country unsound and unreliable in case of an attack by the enemy. I regret to write thus in relation to any of our population, but these gentlemen assure me this is an honest statement of the sentiment of their country. This region of country is of vast importance, and the enemy are well advsed of it, and it would be very desirable to them to overrun and winter in, and serioust apprehensions are entertained that an effort will be made to that end. One great need is good long - range guns, and sufficient force tot support them, on all the rivers, and what these gentlemen desire are guns for the Roanoke River, and at least a battalion of troops stationed in Washington Country, where this disaffection exists. I am requested also to inquire whetever a company of artillery as long as necessary, and then for general service; and if so, can the Government furnish the company with the necessary guns?

