
[CHAP. LXIII.

that the horses may be shod and something obtained for the men to eat. I have again to report to you, even at the hazard of making the announcement somewhat improper by its repetition, that the men of and I have no means to get their shoes and clothing transported from Jackson's River depot. The result of marching them through the mud with their feet constantly wet - some of them touching the ground with their naked skin - and with their insufficient clothing is that I am constantly leaving them sick along the road at the different camping frounds, and that, too, without medicine; and we have no wagons in which to send them back to the hospitals. On yesterday morning I had to leave nearly fifty, and this morning a considerable number are reported sick. Such, in my option, will be the case every day. Not feeling at liberty to make any longer halt than is necessary to get our horses able to go on, I make this report, being advised to do so by Colonel Ector, Major Smith,, and the surgeon. Colonel Ector is still unable to assume command, and hence it yet rests with me.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant.

M. DOUGLASS,

Lieutenant - colonel, Commanding Thirteenth Regiment Georgia Volunteers.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, October 2, 1861.

Brigadier General D. H. Hill, C. S. Army,

Commanding District of the Pamlico, New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: A note sent you yesterday stated my opinion in regard to your command extending over Roanoke Island by virtue of the Adjutant - General's order. I think, however, that it was not so intended. I must therefore request that you do not assume command over that island until you hear from me on the subject. I have addressed the Adjutant - General on the subject of establishing the District of the Albemarle, in which Roanoke Island should be included. At this time the am much concerned about the defenses of Wilmington. Three new regiments have been sent there lately, one armed, one partially armed, and the third entirely without arms. Why sent in that condition I am at a loss to know, if the story just told me by one of the officers of the regiment [Twenty - eight] left in Raleigh to inquire about the arms, that he was told by an aide of the Governon's that the regiment must wait until the old flint muskets could be changed to percussion, [be true]. You will perceive that in case Wilmington is attacked these raw troops would not likely prove very efficient in their half - armed state. It therefore becomes necessary to provide, if possible, a reserve force to be sent to that point if require. I know of none that might be so employed in case of emergency, save a portion of the regiments near Fort Macon. Therefore, it is desireble that Campbell's and Vance's regiment be immediately placed in position of the mainland, with instructions to keep on hand three days cooked provisions for all thei available force, to meet, if necessary, the emergency referred to above. I shall not call for them except in case of absolute necessity, but it is freared that necessity may soon arise. There is no regular commissary of subsistence at Washington, unless Colonel McMillan has one attached to his regiment. Please communicate with him on the subject, and if he has such an officer request him to place him in charge

