
IN CONVENTION, april 25, 1861.

Major General R. E. LEE:

SIR: I have the honor to comunicate the following resolution, adopted this day by the convention:

Resoloved, That Major-General Lee be requested at once to provide for the security of the machinery for manufacturing arms or recently at Harper's Ferry, by removal or-otherwise, and that the report now under consideration be referred to him.

Report from a special commitee, presented April 25, 1861.

AN ORDINANCE providing for the removal and disposition of the machinery taken at Harper's Ferry.

Be in ordained, That the Governor of the Commonwealth cause so much of the machinery taken at Harper's Ferry as may be useful for the manufacture and repairing of muskets to be removed to the city of Richmond and polaced in the armory, and that he cause the residue of said machinery to be removed to the city of Lynchburg, and that so much therefor as may by necessary be put in a condition to be used as speedily as possible. All the expenses incurred under this ordinance to be paid out of the money appropriated for the defence of the State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

John L. EUBANK,

Secretary of Convention.

[2.]
HDQRS. FIRST LIGHT DIV., Maryland VOLUNTEERS,Baltimore, Thursday, April 25, 1861-7 p. m.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The communication of Your Excellency by telegraphic dispatch to Brigadier-General Cocke, at Alexandria, and transmited thence to Baltimore to express our profound and grateful sense of the friendly spirit in which you have considered our destitution and most liberally provided for it. God bless you, Governor, and your generous people, and may those bonds of frienship which have so long united your State and mine never be sundered. I inclose a copy of the letter to Major General Kenton Harper, acknowledging receipt of 351 muskets, carbines, &amp;c., and beging him to return you my thanks for them. I also send you a copy of my note dispatch to General Harper to-day, requesting him to keep a lookout for what you proposed to send me through him. I hope to establish by to-morrow evening a line of vedettes from my headquarters to those of Brigadier-General Cocke, near Alexandria, and I shall then be in most safe communication with you by that route through Baltimore, Anne Arundel, and Prince George Counties to the ferry at Alexandria. Our Legislature will be in session to-morreow at Frederick, and I trust their action will be as ananimous adn decided as we could desire. The first two regiments which marched from Annpolis for Washington reached Millersville, ten miles, last evening, and halted there last night. This morning about 8 o'clock their advance guard reached the Annappolis Junction (ten miles farther), adn there met a strong detachment from Washington. The Federal troops now have possession of the entire railroad route from Washington to Annapolis, and will very soon repair the damage done to the Annapolis road. The road from the Junction to Washington has not been injured. They have at their command only two or three engines, with passenger and burden cars sufficient to transport about 500 men in one train. The road from the Annapolis Junction to Baltimore isuninjured, and I am very anxious, with the co-operation of General Harper, to occupy a

