
on the shore at some suitable point, and communicate with is

[both by boat and siganls] information to be furnished by our friends in Washington. He is bold and intelligent, and well worthy of any recognition or reward you may deem suitable. I respectfully request something that may at least entitle him to our protection arrested. In the same connection I beg leave to mention also a lady prevoisly known to Mr. B., whom I design employing in Washington City in connection with him, with his full consent. She is most admirably adapted mentally, socially, and physically to her task, and has two children whose legitimacy she wishes to establish, the father denying it and being about to marry another woman. His family is an influential one, and she desires to serve us to gain influence and an official recognition to meet their attacks upon her claims. Her present assumed name is Mrs. Morris.

Begging your approval of my employment of her in a way to jeopardize nothing, and a favorable remembrance of her services should they prove of value, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

E. P. ALEXANDER,

Captain of Engineers.

[Indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The first may be provided for as an employe; the second may be sustained with money.

J. D[AVIS].

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS,Sewell Mountain, October 11, 1861.

General JOHN B. FLOYD,

Commanding Army of the Kanawha:

GENERAL: Havmer has just returned from his scout. Says he saw the last of the enemy leave Alderson's yesterday morning. Their rear guard was composed of four regiments and their train of wagons reached over a mile. He counted the last regiment, which moved by fours, and there were eighty - seven fours, besides stragglers. His account is minute and apparently truthful. I have not got the reports from all the regiments of your brigade of the number of sick in the sick camp. But I have learned of over 300. I have put in requisition all the regimental wagons of the Wise Legion to carry to the Blue Sulphur. Colonels Russell and Ector report they have no transportation as yet for their regiments and there is none in this camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

[5.]

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA, Numbers - . Camp -, October 11, 1861.

The army will march tomorrow morning at 6 o' clock in the following order: First, Phillips Legion; second, Second Brigade, under Colonel Tompkins; third, First Brigade, under Colonel Heth; fourth; the artillery; fifth, baggage wagons belonging to General Floyd's headquarters; sixth, ammunition wagons, ordnance; seventh, hospital wagons;

