
[CHAP. LXIII.

eight, regimental baggage wagons; ninth, supply train. A detail of one officer and twenty - five men will be made from the First Brigade as rear guard. The officer will be instructed to allow neither officer, soldier, nor wagon to fall in rear of the guard. Commanders of regiments will pay particular attention to keeping their men in ranks, and to allow no one to go into houses, or take or destroy property along the road.

By order of Brigadier - General Floyd:

H. B. DAVIDSON,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant - General.

[5.]

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, October 12, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I herewith inclose to you a communication which, after much delay, reached me through the mail. If the information intended to be imparted can be of any service you can give in the proper direction.

Very respectfully,

HENRY T. CLARK.

[Inclosure.]

PHILADELPHIA, August 10. 1861.

GOVERNOR: General McClellan is driling his army by battalions and divisions to the sound of the trumpet, so as to enable him to consays it is to be a war of artillery. In the next fight those having the longest range guns and the heaviest artillery will succeed. The next battle will be conducted after the manner of a siege. They think of avoiding Manassas and trying to get to Richmond by another round - about way. You must look sharp for them. Some think lere the next battle will not be fought at Manassas. They would like to get to Richmond by another route. You must fortify and intrench all your cities and towns of note. If they are successful in the next fight they will walk right through the South. That McClellan is a pushing fellow, full of strategem. He was the agent of the Government to view the battles in the Crimea, and he is trying to improve on it. The next fight he intends to make it a siege artillery fight at long range by shelling. They will have some 200, 000 men, 25, 000 cavalry, 10, 000 mounted riflement, and 200 to 300 guns, heavy caliber, rifled. They talk of marching from Eastern Virginia into Kentucky and Tennessee, so as to hem the troops in at Manassas. North Carolina must be wideawake to fortify her towns and cities. The Government has advertised for pilots on the North Carolina coast. The South must keep their eye on the Mississippi also. Look to your coast defenses. They may attempt to land a force and try to get to Richmond by a rear movement. Look to your cavalry, organize mounted riflemen, cavalry, and artilley. They are trying to keep thei movements very secret. They give the newspapers now no news of the army movement. You must all be wide - awake and prepared for attack at all points. Can you please forward this leter to

Richmond?

[5.]

