
[CHAP. LXIII.

who take the oath may do it with impunity necessarily make men disloyal, especially those with weak nerves? The idea must be suppressed by our Government, even if additional legislation shall be necessary. This question I regard as one of great importance to the people of the Eastern Shore, and you will greatly oblige others, as well as myself, by giving me your views upon the subjec.

Very respectfully,

MIERS W. FISHER.

[4.]

NORKFOLK, October 12, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: Learning by telegraph that my family had reached Norkfolk under a flag of truce, I took this place on my way South for the purpose of having them with me. I learn from Mrs. Lovell that the opinion of those in New York who ought to know was that a large expedition would shortly sail from New York and Boston for Savannah, or a point on the coast in that vicinity. Mr. James Gallatin, of New York, an eminent financier and prominent Republican, stated as above in presence of Mrs. Lovell, and jthe several railroads draining a cotton - growing country, which converge at savannah, give probability to the report. He also said that ten of the small steamers about completed were to be sent to the mouth of the Mississippi. Mr. G[allatin,] although a Republican, s opposed to Lincoln and his cabinet, declaring that their removal must be preliminary to any attempt at peace. An ironplated steamer has been finished and has made a successful trial trip; another is in progress, and the expense proving less than was anticipated, a third has been ordered. Recruiting is at a stand - still, and Mr. Gallatin said the next week they would be obliged to commence drafting in New York to keep these army full. They are daily expecting an attack in Washington by our troops. That city, however, is represented to be very thoroughly fortified and the troops in a good state of discipline. No point has been left undefended. When our advance was thrown forward to Munson's Hill, McClellan had made all his arrangements to envelop and destroy them, when they fell back and thwarted his plans. He had communicated his intentions to Mr. Cameron, who mentioned them to otthers, and McC]lellan] though the withdrawal was in consequence of knowledge thus obtained, grew indignant, and sent in his resignation, declaring that he would have nothing further to do with the army unless he had compete control. This was last week. General Scott is rapidly failing, and in a semi - comatose state. There is evidently quarreling and disagreement between the generals and the cabinet. The general tenor of the information I

get is as favorable to us as we could hope. They regard themselves as on the defensive, and McClellan will make no attack, except in the shape of a coup de main. and jwoll not leave his base far to do that. Business is said to be improving in New Yor. I communicate these points, hoping that, taken in commenction with other informantion, they may assist you in deducing your conclusions.

Respectfully, your obedient servnat,

M. LOVELL.

[Indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The defenses of the Southern coast have received attention. Anything which suggests itself we can discuss.

[4.]

J. D.

