
[CHAP. LXIII.

and the proclamation of the President for all alien enemies to leave the Confederate State or take the oath of allegiance has expired, notice is hereby given to all alien enemies and other disaffected persons that, upon a day hereafter to be named, a flag of truce will leave for the purpose of conveying them beyond these military lines, and all who desire so to depart will withim one week from this date register their names at the officer of W. W. Lamb, esq., mayor of Norkfolk, and Captain George W. Grice, assistant quartemaster, Portsmouth. This steamer will be the last that will convey residents this locality under a flag of truce, and all alien enemies or other suspected persons found withim these military lines after her departure will be arrested and imprisoned, as the law directs.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS,Sewell Mountain, October 14, 1861.

COMMANDING OFFICER MEADOW BLUFF:

SIR: Information has reached General Lee that a scouting party of the enemy, numbering thirty or forty, had been seen on the Wilderness [road] about fourteen miles this side of Gauley River. He wishes you to send out at once a scout of sufficient size and ascertain the truth of the matter, and make a report to him as soon as possible, stating the strength, position, &amp;c.

I am, with respect, your obedient servnat,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

CAMP MEADOW FLUFF, Monday, October 14, 1861.

Captain THOMPSTON:

I have just received the above, and send you in command of the scouting party alluded to. Take 100 men and proceed out the Wilderness road early in the morning. Take with you some of Captain Fitzpatrick's commandj now on that orad. They know the country well. Your principal object is to obtain information. Report to me at Meadow Bluff as early as possible.

Respectfully, yours,

A. G. JENKINS,

Lieutenant - Colonel, &c.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, October 14, 1861.

Major General J. G. MARTIN,

Adjutant - General of North Carolina, Raleigh:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 12th instant, relating to a plan of Captain J. S. Pender to recapture Fort Hatteras, was received this morning. As his plan has not been submitted to me, I have no means of judging of its feasibility or of my ability to furnish the means required to carry it into execution. I trust that His Excelleny will have confidence int the conduct of affaires on the Pamico. Brigadier - General Hill, who is now in command of that district, has the reputation of a brave and enterprising officer, and will no doubt undertake such enterprises as may in his judgment seem best to rid is of the presence of our enemies. The general is probably at Roanoke Island today.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GALTIN,

Brigadier - General, Comanding.

[4.]

