SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 180. Richmond, October 15, 1861.

* * * * * * *

VI. Major - General Huger's command will hereafter be designated the Department of Norkforlk.

* * * * * * *

X. The battalion of seven companies of Georgia Volunteers now at Atlanta, Ga., will proceed to this city as soon as practicable

[not later than the 10th of November, proximo] and on arriving here will be united with the three companies now in this city commanded by Captains McCullohs, Whitley, and Head, to from a regiment, the command of which is assigned to Colonel E. L. Thomas.

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant - General.

[4 and 5.]
HEADQUARTERS,Sewell Mountain, October 15, 1861.

General JOHN B. FLOYD,

Commanding Army of the Kanawha:

General: I have just received your letter of the 13th and am glad to learn that you have made a successful passage of the New River and are withim reach of provisions. I have kept scouts on the road in front of us constantly, two of which have just got in, from whom I learn that the enemy on Sunday had reached Gauley Bridge with his advance, his rear guard, consisting of two regiments, being at Eli Wood's, General Rosecrans himself being at Tompkins' farm. He had a ferry - boat at Gauley bridge capable of carrying at a trip four wagons [two - horse] together with about fifty men. Two regiments had crossed. My informant crossed in the boat under the pass of General Rosecrans, given by his provost - marshal, " Major Joseph Darr, Jr. "[which I now have]. He says their army consisted of 14, 000 men certainly, and that they considered themselves too weak to attack us. They have an immense train of wagons, and said they required 1, 000 to keep them supplied with provisions. My information saw them issuing,, on sunday, winter clothing to their men. from their conversation he inferred they were very desirous of returning to Ohio, but he heard them speak of wintering in Charleston. This is all that is important and may enable you to form some opinion of their strenght, &amp;c. I hear of no troops crossing at Carnifix, from which road they have taken down the telegraph line. I learned last night that a party of the enemy had advanced on the Wilderness road and shot John Amick

[your scout]. Mr. Cleary brought the news. I directed, immediately, Colonel Jenkins to send his cavalry and jgo with such force as he had at Meadow Bluff, to ascertain the facts, drive them back, &c. We barely get bread from day today. No forage. I should have advanced toward Gauley, had it been possible to take the road, with a view of harassing the enemy and damaging his retreat. I sent the quartemaster and commissary on the road to see what could be procured and they report literally nothing. I am obliged to send the North Carolina regiment back at once, their sick incrasing and not havong 200 men for duty. The hospitals in rear are full to overflowing. The men of the Wise Legion are sufferng much for want of clothing. The horses of theeh command are without provender.

I have the honor, to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

[5.]

