
do not think they intend crossing the river soon, or at least of abandoning Gauley River. You must judge of the means at your disposal how you can best operate against them or whether any aid can be given you on this side. The North Carolina regiment has returned to Meadow Bluff. General Loring thinks it important for his command to return to his line. The reports from tthere indicate another attack. The Wise Legion is much crippled on account of their sick, want of clothing, &amp;c., and the horses are impoverished. I shall not be able to retain them at this place on account of the inclemency of the weather.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

P. S. - The bearer will report news from Fayette. I conseder it useless to send the letter he conceyed to me.

R. E. L.

[5.]

RICHMOND, October 16, 1861.

General T. H. HOLMES, Brooke's Station:

We have similar information, which to some extent is considered reliable. * You must be particularly on your guard and keep a sharp lookout.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 431. October 17, 1861.

I. All advanced outposts will be under the command of Brigadier General J. E. B. Stuart, and the commanding officers of all details for such duty will report in person to him.

II. Captain E. J. Harvie, C. S. Infantry, is assigned to duty as assistant inspector - general of this army, and will report to Colonel George W. Lay for instructions.

III. The Seventeenth Regiment Georgia Volunteers, Colonel H. L. Benning commanding, is assigned to duty with the Sixth Brigade, Second Corps, Army of the Potomac, Brigadier General R. Toombs commanding, and will report accordingly.

IV. The Nineteenth Regiment Georgia Volunteers is assigned to the garrison of Camp Pickens, and will report to Colonel G. B. Anderson, commanding.

By command of General Johnston:

THOS. G. RHETT,Assistant Adjutant - General.

[5.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FIRST CORPS, Numbers 1. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC. October 18, 1861.

Brigadier General Charles Clark, C. S. Army, having reported for duty with the division, is assigned to the command of the Fourth Brigade. He will enter at once upon the duties of that position.

By command of Major - General Longstreet:

G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[5.]

---------------

* See Holmes to Cooper, VOL. V, p. 903.

---------------

