
strong position at or near the Relay House, so as to guard and keep open for our own accommodation the railroad communication from Baltimore to the West, and at the same time cutting it off from Washington. As soon as that a large force to guard and protect the road from Harper's Ferry to Baltimore, leaving us to have a strong position and guard it at the Relay House. Have the goodness to acknowledge the receipt of this and other communications from me, that I may be assured of their safe delivery. Of course the communication I have spoken of from Alexandria to Baltimore by the vedette line will be the best and safest.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

G. H. STEUART,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

BALTIMORE, April 23, 1861-5,30 a. m.

Major General KENTON HARPER,

Commanding at Harper's Ferry:

SIR: I fully appreciate your reply to my dispatch. It is just what I expected from you and from a commander of Virginia troops at this moment. Since I wrote to you, new and unexpected movements and operation of the troops landed at Annapolis have altered the plans I was preparing to carry out. Our eyes are now turned to another point, where your co-operation could not be easily availed of, though it is possible I may be able to give you sufficient notice to secure your valuable assistance. Having opened a communicaton with you, I shall write freely when our exigencies require it. At present all will add is, all honor to Old Virginia and everlasting union between her and Maryland.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. H. STEUART,

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. FIRST LIGHT DIV., Maryland VOLUNTEERS,Baltimore, April 25, 1861.

Major-General HARPER,

Commanding at Harper's Ferry, Va.:

SIR: When the arms (with regard to which we have this day received a dispatch from Brigadier-General Cocke) are received by you, be kind enough to inform me at once and retain them until an answer is sent you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. H. STEUVART,

Major-General.

[2.]

THURSDAY, April 25, 1861.*

Present, the whole council.

The council authorize and direct their secretary to employ some trustworthy person to assist him as a copying clerk and by bearing messages and in such other matters as may require such assistance, his services to commence with this day.

The Governor having presented "An ordinance amending and re-enacting the ordinance adopted on the 21st instant for the organization of staff department for the military forces of the State," adopted by the convention of Virginia April 24, asking the advice of the

---------------

* From proceedings of the Advisory Council of the State of Virginia.

---------------

