
XVIII. The country of Henrico is constituted a separate military department, under the command of Brigadier-General Winder, headquarters at Richmond, Va.

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

OCTOBER 21, 1861.

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Present:

DEAR GENERAL: I send you herewith two dispatches* I found at Ewell's. How true they are I am unable to tell, but I should not be surprised if there was some truth in them, especially in reference to that battery on the Maryland shore, probably a mortar battery. Bomb-proofs ought to be provided at once for the garrisons and part of the reserves. I think they ought to be telegraphed to know if they want Triplett's company from Camp Pickens, or it might be sent there anyhow for a few days, and should they wish to keep it they could return another company in its place. The flag I think will do first rate. They ought to be made so as to be easily attached to the staff. When will the others be back? I send a dispatch just received from Evans. I should not be surprised if he whipped the whole of Banks' army.

Yours, truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

I think it would be well to attack them whenever the opportunity presents itself.

G. T. B.

[5.]

RICHMOND, October 21, 1861.

General J. B. MAGRUDER, Yorktown:

Retain the Mississippi company by all means. We are making every effort to re-enforce you to the extent of our ability.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, October21, 1861.

Brigadier General D. H. HILL,

Commanding District of the Pamlico:

GENERAL: The following telegram has just been received from General Cooper, viz:

The following telegram has just been received from General Huger, to wit: "A large fleet is about sailing from New York for the purpose of attacking Beaufort and New Berne. This information has been communicated to me by a man who represents himself to be a deserter from the frigate Minnesota (an officer), and confirmed by a letter found in his possession.

S. COOPER.

You will therefore please return to New Berne without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Sent to New Berne by special train to forward to General Hill.)

[4.]

---------------

*Not found as inclosures.

---------------

