HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORHT CAROLINA,Goldsborough, October 21, 1861.

Brigadier General D. H. HILL,

Commanding District of the Pamlico, New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 9th instant to the Adjutant-General, with his remarks indorsed thereon, is herewith inclosed. I presume you have received a communication from these headquarters, dated the 11th instant, instructing you to assume command of the forces on Roanoke Island. An engineer has been dispatched by general J. R. Anderson to Onslow County to erect such batteries as may be deemed advisable and the commander of the forces in that section directed to report by express to the commander of the nearest troops of your district any attempt of the enemy to land. I have instructed my adjutant-general to direct that such guns, gun carriages, and ammunition as may be required for the proposed batteries in Onslow, and which can be spared, be supplied by the ordnance officer at New Berne under your directions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[4.]

GOLDSBOROUGH, October 21, 1861.

General ANDERSON,

Wilmington, N. C.:

Just received from General Huger the following telegram viz:

A large fleet is about sailing from New York for the purpose of attacking Beaufort and New Berne. This information has been communicated to me by a man who represents himself as a deserter from the frigate Minnesota (an officer), and confirmed by a letter found in his possession.

It is desirable that you should hold your troops in readiness to answer any call made upon them.

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS,Centerville, October 22, 1861.

General COOPER:

Colonel Evans reports that he was engaged most of the day yesterday with twelve regiments and five batteries of the enemy near the Potomac. They had crossed under cover of artillery fire. He drove them back with a heavy loss in killed, 200 prisoners, and 6 field pieces. He has four regiments and five guns.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Centerville, October 22, 1861.

President DAVIS:

In addition, concerning Evan's victory, I have to report capture of nearly 600 prisoners and 1,200 stand of arms. Their killed, wounded, and prisoners between 1,000 and 1,200. The route was total. An infan-

