
ARMY OF THE PENINSULA,

Yorktown, October 23, 1861.

Colonel SULAKOWSKI, Ship Point:

SIR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that he has information of the embarkation of a large body of troops at Fortress Monroe, it is believed for York River. You will strength your position as much as possible, and defend it at all hazards and under all circumstances if attacked.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. JONES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

RICHMODN, October 23, 1861.

General J. B. MAGRUDER, Yorktown:

Your dispatches received. Our intelligence causes us to suspect very strongly that the fleet with its troops are intended for a point farther south. We are having the movements of the fleet watched, and we have re-enforcements ready to be sent you in time if the attack is made on you. We will aid you with our best efforts as soon as we are assured that you are the object of attack.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 187. Richmond, October 23, 1861.

* * * *

IX. Captain L. C. McCord's company of South Carolina Volunteers is assigned to duty with the infantry battalion of Hampton's Legion in place of the company of artillerists serving as infantry in that battalion. This latter company will be armed as artillery and will constitute a part of the artillery force of the legion.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

RICHMODN, October 23, 1861.

Colonel WADE HAMPTON,

Commanding Legion:

SIR: Your letter of the 18th instant to the President has been referred to this office, with instructions to inform you that your proposition to attach Captain McCord's company to the infantry battalion of your legion in place of the company of artillerists now serving as infantry in that battalion, which latter company, to be converted into an artillery company of the legion, has been accepted. This arrangement will be carried into effect in conformity with the special order herewith.* This artillery company can be furnished at once with the two rifled guns imported by you. Other guns (howitzers) can be supplied at some future day.

Yours, truly, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[5.]

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

