HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, October 25, 1861.

Brigadier General D. H. HILL,

Commanding District of Pamlico, Fort Macon, N. C.:

GENERAL: Your letter of this date has been received. A messenger was sent to Richmond by Colonel White with a requisition for longrange guns, &amp;c. That requisition I approved. Lieutenant Latham came back with a few musket cartridges, I believe. He was again sent to Richmond. This morning he telegraphs that he is at Weldon with powder and shells, but the agent refuses to forward them by the mail train. I have sent him an order to do so without fail. Probably they may reach Macon to-night. I have made so many requisitions on the Ordnance Department at Richmond for guns and powder without obtaining anything that I am not disposed to do so again. An 8-inch columbiad is promised but I do not know if Lieutenant Latham has it. I was much surprised to learn from Colonel White to-day that he had no [provisions]. It has been understood here that Fort Macon had a four-months' supply for 700 men. It is really sulpable in the commissary to allow the fort to be put in such a strait. I have ordered supplies such as are here, and will forward others when received, but I would like to hear the explanation of the commissary for what really seems criminal neglect or something worse. I expect seventeen companies and a light battery here, but the Secretary of War forbids their being sent to the coast until we are certain where the enemy intends to attempt an attack. Other re-enforcements will be forwarded if he lands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIRST CORPS, Numbers 7. Near Centerville, October 26, 1861.

I. Surg. J. S. D. Cullen, C. S. Army, is announced as medical director of this division. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Longstreet:

G. MOXLEY SORREL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS AQUIA DITRICT,Brooke's Station, October 26, 1861.

Major THOMAS G. RHETT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Potomac:

MAJOR: In order that the general commanding may be more particularly advised as to the condition of matters in this district, I have respectfully to inform you that in order to secure the services of an experienced and competent officer at Evansport I formed the three infantry regiments there into a brigade and put it under the command of Colonel J. G. Walker. I did this because General Trimble is entirely unacquainted with the management and maneuvering of troops, and without such a man to advise with and execute instructions I apprehend great confusion and want of confidence among the volunteers, who, of all troops, require a head who is palpably better informed than

