
[Second indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 4, 1861.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[5.]

RICHMOND, October 27, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE E. PICKETT, C. S. Army,

Tappahannock, Va.:

COLONEL: Information has been received which is deemed reliable that the enemy is about to make his approaches with strong force by the Rappahannock River toward Fredericksburg. You will immediately cal lout all the force you call collect in the country, to be armed with such weapons as they can bring, to be armed with such weapoins as they can bring, to repel this invasion. General T. H. Holmes has been written to on the subject by the Secretary of War.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, October 27, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Colonel G. W. Lee, with Lieutenant-Colonel Stovall's battalion of Georgia Volunteers, with its light battery, and Colonel Wofford's Eighteenth Regiment of Georgia Volunteers, have arrived at this place, the former yesterday morning, the latter late last night. They have gone into camp, to be held in readiness, to move down upon the coast should the enemy attempt to land.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[4.]

MILLEDGEVILLE, October 28, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

I am just informed by private source, having no official information, that you have ordered the troops at Camp Stephens and Camp McDonald, and probably other regiments, to Virginia. We are expecting an invasion of Georgia every day. You have nearly all Georgia army and over 20,000 of her troops in Virginia. Again, the winter is just commencing, and these troops are poorly supplied with clothes for cold weather. It will therefore be peculiarly har don them to be ordered to Virginia for the winter. In the name of the State and as an act of justice to the troops I feel it my imperative duty to enter my solemn protest against the removal.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[5.]

RICHMOND, October 28, 1861.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Milledgeville, ga.:

The troops ordered here are unarmed and are required for urgent service in the public defense. They cannot be armed in Georgia, but

