
can be armed by the general in command of the Army of the Potomac. I will have them clad here comfortably. I should fail in a solemn public duty if I neglected to re-enforce to my utmost ability our army, now confronted with greatly superior numbers and in daily expectation of attack. If yourState is invaded you shall be re-enforced with armed men as fast as they can possibly be sent to you.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

[5.]

BROOKE'S STATION, October 28, 1861.

General COOPER:

Dr. Van Camp, just from Washington, says the enemy, 65,000 strong, will land below Mathias Point to-night, and that sixteen regiments are opposite Evansport [with] sixty guns, light artillery.

T. H. HOLMES,

Major-General.

[5.]

NORFOLK, October 28, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

Signal just made from below. Enemy embarking troops in steamers, which are heading seaward.

JAS. F. MILLIGAN,

Captain and Signal Officer for General Huger.

[4.]

CAMP DICKERSON, October 28, 1861.

General LEE, &amp;c.:

SIR: All my forces having arrived, I am now ready for active operations. I have possession of Cotton Hill, and stop all the ferries on New River. I have cannon on the heights, commanding Montgomery's Ferry, and I can cut the road up the Kanawha, by which alone the enemy receives his supplies from the Ohio, whenever I choose. He will then have no choice but to force my positions or retreat to the northwest. If you will now make a decided movement in advance with the army at Sewell Mountains, it is nearly certain that we will capture the whole of the Northern army, or drive it entirely from the valley. I can undertake with some degree of confidence to prevent a retreat down the Kanawha, and if you will attack him on the turnpike road, it seems to me impossible that he should escape.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

J. B. FLOYD.

[5.]

RICHMOND, October 28, 1861.

General R. C. GATLIN,

Goldsborough, N. C.:

The fleet has just sailed from Hampton Roads. Our spies now report its destination to be Wilmington and Smithfield. I have telegraphed to General J. R. Anderson. Have your troops ready to move to his help at a moment's warning if the attack is aimed at him.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

[4.]

