HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, October 28, 1861.

Brigadier General D. H. HILL,

Commanding District of Pamlico, Fort Macon, N. C.:

GENERAL: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 27th instant.* You cannot regret more than myself my inability to forward more troops to your district. I have not a soldier under my command not somewhere on the coast, save Colonel Lee's command of nineteen companies now in reserve at this point with instructions from the War Department not to send them to the coast until it is ascertained where the enemy intend to land. I will not pretend to advise in the matter, but what think you of transferring Vance's regiment with Pender's battery to Shackleford's Banks? I have urged upon the Governor to send every man he can arm to the coast. As yet I have heard of no other troops than four companies of cavalry under Lieutenant-Colonel Robinson, who have been ordered to Washington via New Berne to report to you. Please let me know where you prefer having them sent. They may come by this place perhaps to-morrow or next day. If they do I shall direct the colonel to halt at New Berne and await your orders, unless I hear from you in regard to them. As regards Roanoke Island, I really cannot send troops there to relieve Colonel Wright's regiment. I wrote to Colonel Shaw on the subject of the difference existing between him and Colonel W., with the hope that the course I recommended would heal the breach between them. I will forward a copy of your letter to the War Department and urge upon the Secretary the necessity of sending a couple of North Carolina regiments there in the place of Colonel W.'s. Let me know what size gun carriages you require. Perhaps I can get them from the shops in Wilmington.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[4.]

RICHMOND, Octobe 29, 1861.

Brigadier General JAMES H. CARSON,

Winchester, Va.:

SIR: I am instructed to inform you, in reply to your communication of the 25th instant, that Major General T. J. Jackson has been ordered to the command of the Valley District, extending from the Blue Ridge to the Alleghany Mountains, with full powers to act in all matters relating to the defense of that district and the military operations therein.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS,Meadow Bluff, October 29, 1861.

General JOHN B. FLOYD,

Commanding Army of the Kanawha:

GENERAL: I advised you in my letter of the 20th of the necessity of the return of the troops under General Loring to the Huntersville line, and of the withdrawal of the Wise Legion to this place. The latter

---------------

*See VOL. IV, p. 693.

---------------

