HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, October 30, 1861.

Brigadier General D. H. HILL,

Commanding District of Pamlico, Fort Macon:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of two letters from you, dated yesterday, but you must have omitted to inclose Commodore Lynch's, as I do nt find it in the envelope. As I cannot be at New Berne to-morrow, unless called there by the presence of the fleet off Fort Macon, I beg that you will represent and act for me in any official interview you may have with the commodore in regard to combined action. In regard to Colonel Jordan's regiment, it has never reported to me; is not in Beaufort County by any other than the Governor's order. If it is in the service of the Confederate States, dispose of it as ou may think best. I had hoped that the cavalry would have reached New Berne by this. I have directed my adjutant-general to write you in regard to them. Disposeof them and any other troops sent to report to you as you may think best. I think I wrote that I had forwarded a copy of your letter to General Cooper. In doing so I took occasion to beg that he would lay it before the President, with the hope that he might see some way of sending speedily the required re-enforcements. I have received no reply. In regard to the collecting of naval stores at Swansborough, I do not know that we can prevent it, but the owners ought to be advised to remove it, and certainly it ought to be destroyed rather than permit it to fall into the hands of the enemy. I am surprised to hear that Captain Howard intends to return to Wilmington. The order placing you in command of Swansborough, &amp;c., directed him to remain under your orders until otherwise directed. No doubt but that the fleet left Hampton Roads night before last. If they intend to attack us, we ought to hear of them to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 198. Richmond, October 31, 1861.

* * * * *

XVI. Colonel Trigg will immediately proceed with his Fifty-fourth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, from Christiansburg, Va., to Prestonburg, Ky., and report for duty to the commanding officer at the latter place.

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4 and 5.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, October 31, 1861.

Major-General HUGER,

Norfolk, Va.:

SIR: Your letter to General S. Cooper of the 28th instant has been referred to the Secretary of War, who directs me to say in reply that ample time and every possible facility have already been extended to alien enemies to quit the Confederate States of America. If they have

