
not availed themselves of this liberal policy they certainly have no one to blame except themselves, and if they still hope to leave the Confederacy at pleasure they abuse the generosity which has been shown them. This policy, which by its nature was temporary, has now expired. Henceforth alien enemies who may be found within our borders will be regarded and treated as prisoners of war. You will accordingly send hither as such all men within your custody or power whom you may know to be alien enemies.

Very respectfully,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Chief of Bureau of War.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE PENINSULA,Yorktown, October 31, 1861.

Brigadier-General McCLAWS,

Commanding at Young's Mill:

GENERAL: As you may be surprised that Colonel Ward's regiment was withdrawn from your division, I deem it proper to state that subsequent to my last orders on this subject the First North Carolina Regiment, whose time expires on the 13th of November, declined to continue in service on the terms proposed by the Government, which made it necessary to withdraw them to this post preparatory to their being mustered out in accordance with orders, and as a consequence Colonel Ward's regiment was ordered to General Rains' division to supply their place, and Colonel Marigny's regiment was ordered to Patrick's with the view of rendering assistance to either division that might require it. Should a sudden advance of the enemy be made known to you, you will cause Colonel Marigny to execute the orders prescribed for Colonel Ward's regiment, unless circumstances not anticipated should cause you to make a different use of this regiment. You are informed that Major Dean's battalion, of the Fifth Louisiana Regiment, has been ordered to Lee's Mill to take the place of Colonel Marigny's regiment. This battalion will also be under your orders, but it is deemed more advisable that it remain at Lee's Mill as a rallying point should that line of Warwick River be adopted through necessity, than that it should be called to the front as a reserve. Of this, however, you must judge from the occurrences if a battle should take place.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[4.]

RICHMOND, November 1, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE E. PICKETT,

Commanding, &amp;c., Fort Lowry, near Tappahannock, Va.:

COLONEL: Your severall communications of the 29th and 31st ultimo have been received at this office. In answer, I can only briefly state that you are authorized under the circumstances presented by you to exercise a sound discretion in disposing of the force under your command in the manner suggested in your letter to General T. H. Holmes of the 29th, by distributing the troops as heretofore, unless you should find good and sufficient reason to the contrary.

Very respectfully, yours, &c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[5.]

