
you for arms and guns to meet their requisitions. I have only arms now for about one regiment. I hope the guns for the batteries can be furnished and mounted in Richmond; if not, I am advised by General Hill that they can be procured in Georgia (Rome, I believe). The men are ready for these arms if they can be furnished soon. I also ask you to have returned to the State 500 rifles, loaned by the State to the navy-yard, which I am told never have been used, and probably never will be.

Very respectfully, yours,

HENRY T. CLARK.

[4.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, N. C., November 2, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War:

SIR: I have just been informed by the quartermaster of the First North Carolina Volunteers that it was designed to keep them at Yorktown till their last day of service, and then be discharged in Virginia. I trust this information is not correct; but coming frmo such a source I felt boundto intercede, while I had time, in their behalf. I think the course is very unusual. If not, it certainly is very unjust toward many of them to be turned adrift away from home among so many vices and temptations, and you may easily predict the unfortunate fate of many of them. If you can't gratify a soldier's pride by allowing them to march home with the arms with which they won the brilliant fight at Bethel, at least allow them a safe and decent journey home, like honest men who had done their request, this letter needs no apology. If I have been misinformed, I am pleased; but felt bound to give it some credit from the source from which it came.

Very respectfully,

HENRY T. CLARK.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 9. November 4, 1861.

Brigadier General Charles Clark having been assigned to duty with the Seventh Brigade, is relieved from service with this command. He will turn over the command of the Fourth Brigade to the senior colonel and report for special instructions to the commanding general.

By command of Major-General Longstreet:

G. MOXLEY SORREL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

CAMP DICKERSON, November 4, 1861.

General JOHN B. FLOYD,

Commanding Army of the Kanawha:

SIR: In compliance with a verbal request this day made, the undersigned beg leave to submit that after mature deliberation we unanimously concur in the opinion that it is impracticable and impolitic to hold Cotton Hill and the positions now occupied by your immediate command longer this season.

