
We are further of the opinion that the command, with the least practicable delay, should be removed to Newbern, Dublin, some point near the railroad, or to a more active field of operations, as you may deem best.

Very respectfully, your obedient servants,

H. Heth, colonel, commanding First Brigade; C. Q. Tompkins, colonel Twenty-second Virginia Guard; Dan. R. Russell, colonel, &amp;c., commanding Third Brigade; William Phillips, commanding Legion; John McCausland, colonel, commanding Thirty-sixth Virginia; G. C. Wharton, Fifty-first; W. Ector, colonel Thirteenth eorgia; M. Douglass, lieutenant-colonel Thirteenth Georgia; Thomas Smith, major Thirty-sixth Regiment Virginia Volunteers (by C. Q. Tompkins); George A. Cunningham, major Fifty-first Virginia Regiment; L. Wilber Reid, lieutenant-colonel Thirty-sixth Virginia; H. Cantey, captain, commanding Twentieth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers; R. H. Finney, captain and assistant adjutant-general; Samuel H. Henry, captain and acting commissary of subsistence, Forty-fifth Regiment.

[5.[

RICHMOND, November 4, 1861.

General J. R. ANDERSON,

Wilmington, N. C.:

As soon as Governor F. W. Pickens informs you that South Carolina is attacked, you may send him all the aid that you can possibly spare.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

[4.]

GOLDSBOROUGH, November 4, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.:

The steamer Union, one of the fleet, went ashore sixteen miles from Fort Macon on the night of the 2d. She was loaded with horses, gun carriages, &c. But little of value was saved. Seventy-three prisoners fell into our hands, who report that the fleetis destined for Port Royal or Georgetown, S. C., and that the Union was south of Fryingpan Shoals when driven back.

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[4.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 206. Richmond, November5, 1861.

I. Colonel G. W. C. Lee, C. S. Army, with Colonel Wofford's Eighteenth Regiment Georgia Volunteers and Lieutenant-Colonel Stovall's battalion of Georgia Volunteers, now at Goldsborough, N. C., will immediately proceed to this city and report to the Adjutant-General for further orders.

* * * *

24 R R-VOL LI, PT II

