HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Dickerson, November 6, 1861.

W. ECTOR,

Colonel Thirteenth Georgia, and others:

GENTLEMEN: I am unable to comply with your request to break up my encampment here and move to Newbern, upon the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, for the purpose of taking up winter quarters at that place. I have thought the point at which this army should winter one of sufficient importance to submit to the War Department ten days ago, and to ask its orders upon the subject. These orders I propose to await and carry out, although some other point that Newbern be fixed upon as the proposed one at which to winter.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN B. FLOYD.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE KANAWHA, Numbers -. Camp Dickerson, November 6, 1861.

I. Reliable information having reached General Floyd that the enemy in force are on this side of the Kanawha River, Colonel Heth, commanding First Brigade, Army of the Kanawha, will station a picket on the path leading up the valley in the direction of Loop Creek; also six or seven men on the top of the mountain at the crossing of this road.

II. Colonel McCausland, commanding Second Brigade, Army of Kanawha, will post a picketon the top of the mountain at the crossing of the old road and along on the top of the ridge westward in the direction by which the enemy approached a day or two since.

By order of Brigadier-General Floyd:

WILLIAM E. PETERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

RALEIGH, November 6, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

A letter found on board of the wreck of steamer Union on our coast indicates Port Royal as the destination of the fleet.

H. T. CLARK.

[4.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, November 6, 1861.

His Excellency Henry T. CLARK,

Governor of North Carolina:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your two letters of 2nd instant, and must confess my surprise that Your Excellency should for one moment have credited a report that this Government would offer an indignity to the brave soldiers who distinguished themselves by their conducte at Bethelor that you could harbor the suspicion of an intention " to retain the arms under any circumstances." I have been most unfortunate inmy expressions in conveying any such impressions. You requested that the regiment should be mustered out of

