
therein, directed the general to disband all the militia called into service by his orders. I visited New Berne on the 5th and returned yesterday, having come to an understanding with the general that he should disband all the militia, save a few companies which he deemed important to guard certain points untilthey could be replaced by other troops. Those companies will be at once disbanded. I am not aware that General Hill intended to place the militia in camps of instruction, but presume his call was only intended to meet the probable invasion of our coast by the fleet, which it is now ascertained has gone farther south. I request that General Hill be furnished with a copy of the militia laws of the State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOTE.-Your telegram expressing the wish of Governor Clark that I should come up to Raleigh yesterday did not reach this point until after the train had left.

R. C. G.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 214. Richmond, November 9, 1861.

* * * * *

VIII. The battalions of Virginia Volunteers serving with the Army of the Peninsula, commanded, respectively, by Majors Tomlin and Montague, together with Captain Waddill's company, will compose the Fifty-third Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, November 9, 1861.

Major General J. G. MARTIN,

Adjutant-General of North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report for the information of His Excellency the Governor, that under authority granted him by the Secretary of War, General Anderson has sent to the assistance of South Carolina Colonels Clingman's and Radcliffe's regiments of North Carolina Volunteers and Captain Moore's battery of light artillery.

Ver respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GALTIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, November 9, 1861.

Brigadier General J. R. ANDERSON,

Commanding District of the Cape Fear, Wilmington, N. C.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 8th instant has been received. I agree with you in regard to the uselessness of multiplying batteries, but in this instance common pruence distates the erection of a battery on

