
and men under my command last night as far as the late position of the rifled gun. Finding the enemy posted there with three companies (ninety men), attacked and drove him off the ridge, killing 3, wounding 2, and taking 6 prisoners. The officers and men behaved gallantly. Sergt. Albert A. Bridges, of Company I, evinced great coolness and bravery. None of the command were hurt. Captured the following property: Two Enfield and 5 percussion muskets, with accounterments.

Respectfully,

C. E. THORNBURN,

Major, Commanding Fiftieth Regiment Virginia.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 218. Richmond, November 12, 1861.

* * * * *

XI. Captain Jeffries' company (the Richmond County Cavalry), a company organized under the provisions of act Numbers 229, approved August 21, 1861, has been accepted by the President for special duty and local defense in the District of the Lower Rappahannock, and will report accordingly to Colonel G. E. Pickett, Provisional Army.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 514. November 12, 1861.

Major General George B. Crittenden and staff (adjutant-general, aide-de-camp, chief quartermaster, and chief commissary) are relieved from duty with this army, and willreport in accordance with instructions from the Secretary of War.

By command of General Johnston:

THOS. G. RHETT,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

RICHMOND, November 12, 1861.

Colonel W. E. STARKE,

Sixtieth Regiment Virignia Volunteers, Richmond, VA.:

Special Orders, Numbers 206, paragraph IV, is so far modified as to reorganize your regiment out of nine western companies and Captain J. A. Pack's company (in all ten companies), formerly under command of Colonel J. W. Spalding, of the Wise Legion. Captain G. A. Wallace's company, of your regiment, now at Meadow Bluff, will be otherwise disposed of by the commanding officer of the Wise Legion. The assignment in the special order above referred to of the two companies at Staunton belonging to J. Pegram's regiment is recalled.

Very truly, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

(Copy to commanding officer Wise Legion and General W. W. Loring.)

[5.]

