
have a non-commissioned officer and ten men at each of those bridges, whose duty it will be to see that on injury is done to them by evil disposed persons. They will be provided with camp equipage and rations for eight days, and may be relieved weekly. They should be sent up on the evening train to-morrow, if practicable, as no time should be lost in placing the bridges in security.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 222. Richmond, November 14, 1861.

* * * *

IX. The following changes in the numbers of certain regiments are made and will hereafter be conformed to: Colonel R. Ransom's First Regiment North Carolina Cavalry to be known as the Ninth Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers; Colonel S. B. Spruill's Second Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers to be known as the Tenth Regiment North Carolina Volunteers; Colonel S. Williams' Second Regiment North Carolina Volunteers to be known as the Twelfth Regiment North Carolina Volunteers; Colonel A. M. Scales' Third Regiment North Carolina Volunteers to be known as the Thirteenth Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers; Colonel J. Daniel's Fourth Regiment North Carolina Volunteers to be known as the Fourteenth Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers; Colonel R. M. McKinney's Fifth Regiment North Carolina Volunteers to be known as the Fifteenth Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers; Colonel Stephen Lee's Sixth Regiment North Carolina Volunteers to be known as the Sixteenth Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers; Colonel W. F. Martin's Seventh Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers to be known as the Seventeenth Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers; Colonel J. D. Radcliffe's Eighth Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers to be known as the Eighteenth Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers; Colonel Alfred Iverson's Tenth North Carolina Volunteers to be known as the Twentieth Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers; Colonel W. W. Kirkland's Eleventh North Carolina Volunteers to be known as the Twenty-first Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers; Colonel J. J. Pettigrew's Twelfth North Carolina Volunteers to be known as the Twenty-second Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers; Colonel Hoke's Thirteenth North Carolina Volunteers to be known as the Twenty-third Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers; Colonel W. J. Clarke's Fourteenth North Carolina Volunteers to be known as the Twenty-fourth Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers; Colonel T. L. Clingman's Fifteenth Regiment North Carolina Volunteers to be known as the Twenty-fifth Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, AQUIA DISTRICT,Evansport, November 14, 1861.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding Aquia District:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I arrived here yesterday night, and to-day assumed command, agreeably to orders. As soon as

