
I can make an inspection of the batteries, other than the one made to-day, and the troops, I will report the result. The road is awful-the fact states us in the face-and something must be done or supplies will [be] with the utmost difficulty forwarded here. The bomb-proof and a magazine I will push forward with dispatch.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. FRENCH,

Brigadier-General.

[5.]

GOLDSBOROUGH, November 14, 1861.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Richmond, Va.:

Your dispatch has been received. Orders were given yesterday establishing guards at the several bridges on the Wilmington and Weldon road. The bridges on other roads willbe attended to.

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, November14, 1861.

General J. G. MARTIN,

Adjutant-General of North Carolina, Raleigh:

GENERAL: The burning of railroad bridges in Tennessee admonishes us of the necessity of guarding ours. I have established guards over the Atlantic road, and ordered others over the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad bridges. I request that you will order the bridges on the Raleigh and Gaston roads and the North Carolina roads to be guarded by detachments from the companies now at Raleigh and High Point until I can find a company for that service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[4.]

CENTERVILLE, VA., November 15, 1861.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Present:

DEAR GENERAL: I have just seen Major James, who informs me that his resignation has been accepted, and that he is now out of the service. He is a great loss to us, at this time especially. Could we not get him appointed superintendent or Government agent of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad from Manassas, and which I understand is still in a terrible state of confusion? He is willing, he tells me, to acept that position. He suggests that if flour and other provisions that could be bought in that direction were brought to Manassas by the Manassas Gap Railroad would be relieved of that much freight, thereby permitting corn, hay, &amp;c. (much needed here), to pass over that road; the Northern District of Virginia, which might at any time fall into the hands of the enemy, would thereby be able to dispose of all the flour, &c., which in that contingency would fall into their hands. I think it would be well to represent strongly the above facts to the

