
War Department, at the same time recommending Major James as already referred to. Should we intend moving rapidly to the assistance of the Evansport batteries, would it not be well to send there at once what brigades (or even one division) would have to start first, for I believe that in a few days with the balance of our forces we could hold this place against any reasonable force of MClellan's grand army, should we determine to do so. The greatpoint is to guard well the line of the lower Occowuan from any forces from Alexandria, and give a strong offensive force to Whiting, so that he may attack at once any force crossing the Potomac to take the batteries. In that way he would have his left flank well protected. Consult G. W. Smith on the subject, and as soon as I can come over I will do so, and we will determined what is best to be done.

Yours, truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

P. S.-I send you slips from late Baltimore papers.

[Inclosure.]

LATEST NEWS FROM WASHINGTON.

Military review.

WASHINGTON, November 9.-General Fitz Porter's division was reviewed to-day by Major-Generals McClellan and Halleck. Twelve brigadier-generals were also present with their respective staffs. The rain was falling whilst the review progressed, which somewhat detracted from the display. The usual mode of review was improved on this occasion. The firing was by regiments, brigades, and as a division, accompanied by artillery. Colonel Averell, commanding the Third Pennsylvania, formerly known as Young's Cavalry, was especially complimented by General McClellan on the fine condition to which he has brought his regiment. Yesterday General Wadsworth, accompanied by two privates of the Twenty-third New York Regiment, went to Brush's house, three miles from Falls Church, on the road leading to Fairfax Court-House, for the purpose of finding forage. While at the house a squad of Confederate cavalry was seen rapidly approaching. The general quickly mounted his horse and succeeded in making his escape, but the privates were taken prisoners.

Experiments at the Washington Navy-Yard with projectiles.

Interesting experiments were still progressing at the navy-yard in the way of testing projectiles, &amp;c. Among the experiments to-day 1,375 balls in a Dahlgren shell weighing 173 pounds were fired out of an 11-inch Dahlgren gun, with the Bellman [Bormann?] fuse, at a target 1,300 yards distant. The balls and fragments of shell spread over a radious of sixty feet. The charge of powder was only twelve pounds. The usual charge is fourteen pounds.

Vacancies in the Naval Academy.

The Navy Department, being anxious that the vacancies in the Naval Academy-about thirty in number-shall be filled as soon as practicable, has again extended the time during which Members of Congress entitled to nominations of acting midshipmen, by reason of failure or otherwise, can make them; they have until the 30th of November for this purpose.

