
The case of Commodore Poor.

The court of inquiry in the case of Commodore Poor, charged with negligence concerning the escape of the privateer Sumter, have adjourned, and on their report the Navy Department has ordered a court-martial to convene, composed of Captain Breese, president; Captains Latimer, Levy, jarvis, and Chauncey; and Lieutenant William G. Temple, judge-advocate. The court will meet on the 18th instant.

Three Confederate vessels destroyed in Chincoteague Creek by a boat expedition.

An official dispatch from chincoteague Inlet (on the Atlantic coast), Eastern Shore, Va., shows that the U. S. steamer Louisiana has been actively at work. A party from that vessel, together with five volunteers from the island, went on an expedition, and proceeding up the creek a mile or more they found and destroyed by fire one schooner and two sloops. The party left the Louisiana in their boats at 10 o'clock on the night of the 27th of October and returned at 3 o'clock next morning, all well. The whole affair appears to have been conducted with so much system and discretion that the enemy, said to be 300 strong in and about Horntown, was unconscious of the presence of our expedition.

The latest from General Rosecrans-his army in fine condition.

WASHINGTON, November 10.-A dispatch to-day from Western Virginia states that General Rosecrans and his command are in fine condition and prepared to receive the enemy from any quarter they may approach, and the commander is confident of success.

Military appointments-Transportation of freight between Baltimore and Washington, &amp;c.

Among the recently appointed brigadier-generals are Morgan, of Ohio, and Colonel Philip St. George Cooke, who recently brought hither his cavalry troops from Utah. He is a native of and appointed from Virginia. Much complaint is made that freight from the North is compelled to lie over at Baltimore to make roomfor the transportation to Washington of goods purchased in that city. The matter isnow engaging the attention of Government officers. The German portion of the volunteers of the Army of the Potomac, principally belonging to Blenker's brigade, design having a torchlight procession in honor of General McClellan's succession to the command of the Armies of the United States. The Government has in contemplation the placing of trains of wagons between Washington and Baltimore for transportation of freight. The taking possession of the turnpike and putting the road and bridges in proper condition will probably become a public necessity. Messrs. Gibbons & Co.'s express reports the fall of the bridge at Beltsville, thirteen miles from Washington.

All quiet across the Potomac.

P. M.-Dispatches from the Army of the Potomac at all points represent everything quiet.

[5.]

