SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 226. Richmond, November 18, 1861.

* * * * *

X. The Troup Artillery, of Cobb's Legion, Georgia Volunteers, will immediately proceed to Yorktown, Va., and report for duty to Major-General Magruder.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

RICHMOND, November 18, 1861.

General T. H. HOLMES,

Dumfries, Va.:

The Eighteenth Georgia Regiment, armed and equipped, left in the train this morning for Fredericksburg. Send it to report to General W. H. C. Whiting at Dumfries.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[5.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF NORTHWEST, No. 163. Camp Barton, Va., November 18, 1861.

In obedience to orders received from headquarters Army of the Northwest the troops of this command will prepare to retire fromthis position and take post as follows: On summit of Alleghany, Thirty-first, Thirty-seventh, Fifty-second, Twenty-fifth, and Hansbrough's battalion, Virginia Regiments, Flournoy's company of cavalry, and Anderson's and Miller's batteries; at a point toward Monterey (to be designated), Forty-fourth Virginia Regiment and one section of Rice's battery, Colonel W. C. Scott commanding; Fork of Waters, Fifty-eighth Virginia Regiment and one section of Rice's battery, Colonel E. Goode commanding. The remaining companies of the cavalry will retain their present positions, scouting thoroughly the country between Monterey and Petersburg. The Danville Artillery will re-enforce the column at Huntersville, proceeding by the road known as the Warm Springs road. The remainder of the troops will proceed to Staunton. In order to facilitate the movements the quartermaster of the post will take immediate charge of all the transportation which is now at or may come to the post, and move all surplus stores, baggage, &amp;c., to the summit of Alleghany, leaving one wagon with each regiment for the necessary police purposes. It is enjoined upon commander of regiments to see that all but indispensable equipage be forwarded. On Wednesday, the 20th instant, the post quartermaster will take charge of all the transportation and distribute it equitably among the different corps. Regimental quartermasters or officers detailed for the purpose will cause the trains to be driven to their respective parade grounds to encamp for the night, and under the superintendence of their commanders assign transportation to each company. The general will be sounded from each brigade headquarters at 3 a. M. on the 21st instant, when the tents will be struck and wagons packed and placed upon the road,

