
each train in charge of its quartermaster, and without further orders will proceed to the summit of Alleghany, where an officer will further direct them. It is expected that the whole of the wagon train will be in motion by 4 a. m. That regiment which shall occasiond elay will be placed in the rear and kept there during the entire march. On the departure of the wagons the troops will remain on their parade grounds to await orders, and it is strictly forbidden to leave their stations without permission for necessary purposes.

By order of General Jackson:

S. M. BARTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

OFFICE OF THE ALBEMARLE ANDCHESAPEAKE CANAL CO.,

Norfolk, Va., November 18, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: It has been suggested that a navigable canal from the head of College Creek to King's Creek, near Williamsburg, a distance of one mile and a half, would not only facilitate the transit of supplies to the army at Yorktown, but form a defense against an invasion, as the excavation from the canal may be deposited on the side so as to form a continuous intrenchment from the waters of the James to York River, the canal forming a fosse in front. My object in writing is to inform the Department that our company have the necessary steam excavators to do the work in the shortest possible time, the machines having been used in the excavation of this canal. Should you deem the construction of the propose canal desirable or important we have an experienced canal engineer who would make the necessary survey and report to your Department immediately.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARSHALL PARKS,

President.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 228. Richmond, November 19, 1861.

* * * *

IX. Captain Benton's company Texas Volunteers will at once proceed to Dumfriesvia Fredericksburg and report for duty to Brigadier General W. H. C. Whiting, Provisional Army.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutnt-General.

[5.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Near Lewisburg, November 19, 1861.

Colonel J. LUCIUS DAVIS,

Commanding Meadow Bluff:

I am this moment in receipt of your dispatch of this date, which found me at Lewisburg making arrangements with the different departments as to transportation, ammunition, &amp;c., to be ready as soon as the

