
clothing of my troops should reach me via Jackson's River Depot to join the command of General Floyd. You suggest that since the failing health of General Floyd it might be well for me in looking to the movements of the enemy to modify my forward move. This I would feel justified in doing, provided I am assured the enemy are not pressing on General Floyd, but design a movement against your position. I have two regiments under my command that are without clothing, blankets, shoes, &amp;c. I have taken the responsibility to get this supply of articles necessary to my troops. I expect to get them and be ready for a forwar move by Thursday. If in the meantime information is received, deemed reliable, that the enemy are intending to make an attack on this portion of the country, I shall not hesitate to take the additional responsibility of remaining with my command to come to you, until I can communicate with General Floyd on the subject and know his wishes. In the meantime you will keep me advised as to all movements of the enemy. You should have scouts far in advance who will keep you advised.

I am, with much respect, yours,

D. S. DONELSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Brigade.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 230. Richmond, November 20, 1861.

* * * *

II. Captain T. S. Flournoy, Virginia cavalry, will immediately proceed with his company to Manassas, Va., and report to General J. E. Johnston for duty with the Sixth Regiment Virginia Cavalry.

* * * * *

XI. In order that the numbering of the North Carolina regiments by the State of North Carolina and the Confederate States may coincide, the following changes will be made: The designation of Colonel Spruill's Tenth Regiment will be the Nineteenth Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers; the designation of Colonel J. A. J. Bradford's regiment will be at the Tenth Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4 and 5.]

RICHMOND, November 20, 1861.

Major General B. HUGER,

Commanding Department of Norfolk:

GENERAL: The Secretary of the Navy has applied for such able sea-men as have taken service in the Army whilst awaiting the completion of vessels in which they could serve. The Secretary of War desires that you will issue an order to the troops of your command, with a view to ascertain which of the men are seamen and desire to enter the naval service. A battalion is now being armed here to re-enforce you, in place of the men thus detached.

I am, sir, respectfully, &c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[4.]

