
RICHMOND, November 20, 1861.

General W. W. LORING,

Huntersville, Va.:

The special order referred to by you was only intended to provide for regiments as they arrived at Staunton, and not to control your discretion in retaining such amount of force as in your judgment would be indispensable for your defense. If you have any regiments to spare fromyour line, they will on reaching Staunton be given their destination from here.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[5.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Near Lewisburg, November 20, 1861.

Brigadier-General FLOYD,

Commanding Division, Army of the Kanawha:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your dispatch at Camp Piney, dated 17th instant. You direct me to remain with my brigade at some good place until further orders. I have the honor to inform you that I am at this time located near Greenbrier bridge with my two regiments. I expect to place both regiments in a short time not far from the bridge on the Union road. I received a dispatch late last evening from Colonel Davis at Meadow Bluff to the effect that he had learned the enemy had crossed the river and it was thought would come on the old State road and turn his left flank. He also sated that it was rumored that the enemy's drums were heard on big Sewell Mountain. He desired me to so modify my movements as to come to his assistance if the rumors were true as reported. I at once dispatched him that I would take the responsibility to do so; in the meantime he should place his pickets and scouts far in advance and let me know in time to reach him and give the desired aid. I have deemed itproper to give you a statement of my action in this case, trusting it may meet your approval. I have not yet received all the clothing of the troops of my command; they are in process of being received. I have had much difficulty in getting transportation. Applications are being made to me at this post for discharges for disability. Shall I forward them to you for your action on them? Dr. J. W. Gray, one of the medical board appointed by General Loring to act in cases of discharges for disability, is my brigade surgeon and is now with me.

I am, with high respect, your obedient servant,

D. S. DONELSON,

Brigadier-General, commanding Brigade.

[5.]

NORFOLK, November 20, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Richmond:

Several gentlemen arrived here last night from Accomac report the county is held by 8,000 Federals. It is believed they intend tomake a demonstration in their gu-boats in Magruder's rear.

J. B. FREE,

Superintendent of Telegraph, Norfolk.

[4.]

25 R R-VOL LI, PT II

