SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 232. Richmond, November 21, 1861.

* * * * *

XI. The Fifty-sixth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, Colonel Stuart commanding, will proceed without delay, via Wytheville, to Jeffersonville, Va., and report for duty to Brigadier-General Marshall.

XII. Major R. C. Hill, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army, will proceed to North Carolina and report for duty to Brigadier-General Branch.

* * * *

XIX. Captain Cooke's company (the Richmond County Volunteers), a company organized under the provisions of act Numbers 229, approved August 21, 1861, has been accepted by the President from November 1, 1861, for special duty and local defense in the district of the Lower Rappahannock, and will report accordingly to Colonel G. E. Pickett, provisinal Army.

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4 and 5.]

RED SULPHUR SPRINGS,

November 21, 1861.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Army of the Kanawha:

SIR: In compliance with orders received from the headquarters of the Army of the Kanawha, I have the honor to state that I reached Pack's Ferry on the 20th instant. After a reconnaissance of that point and its immediate vicinity, I find no suitable place at which winter quarters can be erected. A want of sufficient ground and great difficulty of obtaining fire-wood are the chief objections, not considering the insurmountable one of obtaining provisions and forage, in consequence of the impassable condition of the roads for ten miles from Pack's Ferry toward the depot. I have concluded, in compliancewith your orders to quarter this command at the Red Sulphur Springs, which, in my judgment, complies with your orders as nearly as possible. The command is in no condition at present to erect buildings of any kind, being without axes or tools of any description. These could doubtless be obtained sooner or later. In the meantime, however, the sick list would be greatly increased. I suggest that the brigade be permitted to remain here until the necessary camp and garrison equipage can be obtained. Here we can find at least temporary shelter for sick and well, and the roads between this and the depot are said to be at present passable.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

By order of H. Heth, colonel, commanding First Brigade, Army of the Kanawha:

R. H. FINNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, November 22, 1861.

JOHN LETCHER, Governor of Virginia:

SIR: Will not your convention do something to protect your own people against atrocious crimes committed on their persons and prop-

