
Jackson to Manassas, where they are much wanted. Should there be other regiments coming from the same quarter they will be also sent to Manassas.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[5.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., ARMY OF NORTHWEST, Numbers 21. Camp on summit of Alleghany, November 22, 1861.

In obedience to orders received from the headquarters of the Army of the Northwest the following modifications are made of General Orders, Numbers 20, from these headquarters, of the 18th instant.

1. The garrison on summit of Alleghany will consist of the Twelfth Georgia, Thirty-first, Fifty-second, Twenty-fifth, and Hansbrough's battalion, Virginia regiments, Flournoy's company of cavalry, and Anderson's and Miller's batteries. Colonel Edward Johnson, Twelfth Georgia Regiment, is appointed to its command, and will at once enter upon the duties, taking the necessary steps to insure the safety and comfort of his troops. The post on the Monterey road to be occupied by the Forty-fourth and one section of Rice's battery will also be under his supervision and orders.

2. The First Georgia, Third Arkansas, Twenty-third and Thirty-seventh Virginia Regiments will proceed to Monterey and there take post. Colonel W. B. Taliaferro is assigned to the command of Monterey. The post at Fork of Waters, the cavalry at Monterey and engaged in scouting toward Petersburg will constitute a part of his command. Colonel Taliaferro will proceed at once with troops of his command now at this place to his station, and, as far as practicable, provide for their protection agianst the weather. Nothing in this order will be construed so as to conflict with Special Orders, Numbers 164, from these headquarters, of the 21st instant.

By order of General Jackson:

S. M. BARTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 236. Richmond, November 23, 1861.

* * * * *

XV. The following companies will be organized into a battalion at Lewisburg, Va., to be designated the Fourth Battalion of Virginia Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Nat. Tyler commanding: Captain McClary's company, Captain Thornton's company, Captain McMullans' company, Captain Du Bose's company, Captain Irwin's company, Captain Wallace's company, Wise Legion; Captain Bruce's company, Captain Jones' company, Twentieth Regiment Virginia Volunteers. The commanding general at Lewisburg will direct some officer of the C. S. Army to muster in Captain Du Bose's company.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

