
RICHMOND, November 23, 1861.

General HOLMES,

Fredericksburg:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs me to say that, having made arrangements for getting newspapers from the United States to the Confederate States at stated intervals, he desires that you will instruct Captain Beale to receive the packages on the Maryland shore every Tuesday and Thursday and convey them to the Hague, whence they will be carried to Carter's Wharf, on the Rappahannock, by expressmen, whom you are requested to furnish. At the latter place the packages will be delivered to Mr. J. J. Grindall or his agents for delivery here.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

John WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 543. November 25, 1861.

The Baltimore Light Artillery, Captain Brockenbrough, is relieved from duty with Colonel Pendleton's corps of artillery, and assigned to the Fourth Brigade, Second Corps, Brigadier-General Elzey commanding, and will report accordingly.

By command of General Johnston:

THOS. G. RHETT,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS NORTHWEST ARMY,Warm Springs, Va., November 25, 1861.

General H. R. JACKSON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the commanding general to say that he is this moment in receipt of your letter advising of the telegram to move four regiments to Manassas. A letter of recent date informed him that they would be moved only when it was deemed that they could be spared from this army. Information of their approach so near to Staunton for the purpose of going to Winchester has probably determined the telegram. In view of the necessity of troops at Manassas he thinks it best to order the regiments at once. You will therefore direct the four regiments now at Monterey to proceed to Manassas, taking with them the necessary camp equipage and ammunition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. G. COLE,

Major, &c.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 240. Richmond, November 26, 1861.

* * * *

V. Captain N. B. French's company of Virginia cavalry is converted into a company of light artillery.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

