HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHWEST,Huntersville, Va., November 27, 1861.

Colonel W. B. TALIAFERRO,

Commanding Monterey Line:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that if the regiments designated to move via Staunton have not started, they will remain for the present at or in the vicinity of Monterey. If they are en route, they will be halted where this may reach them, and encamped temporarily at the nearest point which will afford protection from the weather. Let all of your command in rear of Alleghany be in readiness to march, with camp equipage and a supply of ammunition. It has been reported to the general that many men of your line have left their companies and gone to Staunton. If that be so, he directs that you send a competent officer and a suitable guard to apprehend officers and men and take them to their regiments. He desires that you will cause these instructions to be executed without exciting suspicion by a material change in the orders which have been made public. Please report as soon as possible the means of transportation on hand and that expected to arrive within a short time, what supply of clothing on hand and in depot at Monterey the quantity of provisions at Alleghany and at Monterey. State by the return express when and where this was received and the location of your camp.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Adjutant-GEneral.

[5.]

MONTEREY, VA., November 27, 1861.

Captain JAMES DESHLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I inclose you copies of two papers sent here last night by Major Jackson, who is scouting on the Petersburg road. I do not know what they are worth, as Jackson simply sent them without comment; but I inclose them that Colonel Johnson may be on his guard and take some steps to avoid surprise in Crab Bottom. I leave with the four regiments now here for Staunton this morning.

Very respectfully,

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Colonel, Commanding.

[5.]

STAUNTON, VA., November 28, 1861.

General H. R. JACKSON,

Richmond, Va.:

Telegraphic dispatches have been received directed to Colonel Harman, for the four regiments to march overland to the Manassas Gap Railroad, thence to proceed to Manassas. Colonel Harman is ordered to provide transportation. To save them a day's march (five miles) they should be diverted from the turnpike a mile from Ryan's, where they encamp to-night. it is stated in the telegraphs above noted that transportation yb rail cannot be furnished. For two hours I await your orders by telegraph whether I shall send an express directing that movement or halt the command for orders. Should I not receive your dispatch in that time I shall send word to Colonel Taliaferro to halt at his present camp till he receives your instructions.

S. M. BARTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

