
RICHMOND, November 28, 1861.

Colonel W. B. TALIAFERRO,

(Care of Colonel M. G. Harman, Staunton, va.)

Your command will march from its present position on the nearest point of the Manassas Gap Railroad, thence by railroad to Manassas. Colonel Harman has been directed to furnish the necessary facilities for the movement.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[5.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIV., ARMY OF NORTHWEST VIRGINIA,Staunton, November 28, 1861.

Colonel W. B. TALIAFERRO,

Commanding Troops en route for Staunton:

COLONEL: Colonel Harman has forwarded, I believe, some telegrams from Richmond entirely changing all plans heretofore made for your command. General Jackson left here this morning, and I inclose you a copy of the telegram sen tby e in duplicate to him.* Not having received a reply, I think it not improbable that he deems it unnecessary to make one till he can explain the state of affairs to the War Department. The exhaustion of the teams, the inadequacy of the transportation suggested, the bad state of the roads, and the extreme weather are matters that, I think, are not understood in Richmond. The troops, under the first order, divested themselves of all baggage that could not be transported with them. Under the next they left with only "the necessary camp equipage and ammunition," with the expectation of going by rail on arriving at Staunton after a short march. They are, therefore, unprovided to encounter the privations and sufferings of so long a march as that contemplated by the telegram. I am informed that you gain about twenty-two miles by turning off the turnpike near Ryan's. I therefore feel authorized by the general supervision of this office intrusted to me to direct that you halt your command a few hours that you may receive orders for your future movements, beggining leave to suggest that you gain much time by sending forward a pioneer party to repair the road in your front, which I learn is much washed. An express will start for you immediately upon receipt of a reply from Richmond.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

S. M. BARTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS,McDowell, Va., November 28, 1861.

Colonel S. M. BARTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The troops under my command reached this place yesterday en route to Staunton, and we expected to move this morning for Ryan's, but at 8 o'clock last night I received the communication from Colonel C. L. Stevenson, acting assistant adjutant-general, which is inclosed,# and acting under the suggestions of that officer have halted here to-day,

---------------

*See second, ante.

#See November 26, p. 390.

---------------

