
and commissary stores at Alleghany and Monterey, and forward as soon as possible. We have for the troops here very ample transportation, more than sufficient, but most of the wagons and teams are pressed, and the quartermaster at Staunton is urgently pressing their return to that point. There is no transportation for any other troops besides these four regiments. The roads are so bad and the ice renders the tents so heavy that double the ordinary transportationis required. I have retained the pressed teams to aid the transportation to Staunton, and ask the instructions of the general commanding as to whether I shall longer detain them. Should they be retained any time, the transportation of supplies must to that extent be stopped from Staunton, and should they go on there will be not sufficient transportation for the troops. The diseases incident to the terrible exposure to which the men have been subjected has greatly reduced the strength of the command. A number of men from the command on this line left Camp Alleghany at the first movement of the troops. General Jackson sent forward an officer with a detachment of cavalry to arrest them. Some of them have been sent back. I have forwarded to Staunton the names of all those who have left since I assumed the command of the regiments to Colonel Barton, acting assistant adjutant-general, and requested him to arrest them and have them imprisoned until we should reach that place, or returned to their regiments should our march be arrested. I have adopted measures which I hope will correct this disgrace in future, and I shall use every exertion to increase the discipline of the command, but the number of field officers is entirely inadequate. Colonel Ramsey, First Georgia, is absent on leave. Colonel Rust is attending the session of Congress; Colonel Scott, the convention; Colonel Fulkerson is in arrest; Lieutenant-Colonel Clarke is in arrest and has tendered his resignation; Lieutenant-Colonel Hubard is absent sick, as is Lieutenant-Colonel Taliaferro. Major Jones is on leave, so the regiment is*

[W. B. TALIAFERRO,

Colonel, &amp;c.]

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS FORCES AT STAUNTON, VA.,November 28, 1861.

Colonel W. B. TALIAFERRO,

Ryan's:

COLONEL: I inclose a dispatch to you from General S. Cooper, directing you to march your command to Mount Jackson and take the Manassas Gap Railroad to Manassas. If this letter meets you at Ryan's you can march to Parnassus, eleven miles, to-morrow; next day to

-----

, twelve miles; Sunday to Big Spring,

-----

miles; Monday two miles below New Market, and Tuesday morning to Mount Jackson, where railroad transportation will be in readiness for you. I suggest these stands for your consideration. Please inform me by express to what point I shall send provisions and what amount.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. G. HARMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[5.]

---------------

*Original is here mutilated and illegible.

---------------

