
line to Pitt County, and thence due west to the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad. This we think the most natural and equitable division, and each side of the district will then present as large a field as any one man can attend to faithfully. Your petitioners will be thankful for a favorable consideration of this matter, and as in duty bound will every pray.

M. STEVENSON.

B. F. HAVENS.

JOSEPH POTTS.

W. R. S. BURBANK.

W. E. DEMILL.

JAS. R. GRIST.

[4.]

RICHMOND, November 29, 1861.

Colonel S. M. BARTON:

(Care M. G. Harman.)

Your dispatch just received. Issue the orders requisite to carry out your suggestion.

H. R. JACKSON.

[5.]

McDOWELL, VA., November 29, 1861.

Colonel GOODE,

Fifty-eighth Virginia Regiment, Commanding at Fork of Waters:

COLONEL: I have received instructions from General Loring to hold the troops on this line east of the Alleghany in readiness for marching, with a full supply of camp equipage and ammunition. You will, therefore, be prepared with your command as directed, and await further orders.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. TALIAFERRO,

Colonel, Commanding.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHWEST,Huntersville, Va., November 29, 1861.

Colonel W. B. TALIAFERRO,

Commanding Monterey Line:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you proceed with the four regiments designated for Manassasto Staunton, and there wait the arrival of further orders from him. You will please keep your officers and men together, march them in order, and select a campground near Staunton that will enable you to comply as near as possible with the regulations of the army with reference to guards, &amp;c. Impress upon your officers the great importance, especially during a winter campaign, of proper discipline, and due regard for the regulations made for their government. If we meet the enemy soon without this we cannot expect good success.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Adjutant-General.

[5.]

