
McDOWELL, November 29, 1861.

[Colonel HARMAN:]

COLONEL: I have just received your communication covering a dispatch from General Cooper. It will be impossible to cross to Ryan's to-night, so that I shall halt at Shaw's Fork and reach Ryan's to-morrow night. I have been halted here, as you may have learned, by order of General Loring, and have sent an express to him informing him that I have been ordered on by the Adjutant-General. Should we not be halted again I will leave Ryan's on the 1st proximo, and make the marches you indicated in your schedule of distances. I have ordered to be taken with the train rations up to the evening of the 3d, which will bring us to Big Spring, at which place you will provide four days' rations for 2,200 men. Give this intelligence to the commissary. Should a countermand to the order to march from Ryan's be received I will express it to you.

[WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Colonel,&amp;c.]

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS FORCES AT STAUNTON, VA.

November 29, 1861.

Colonel W. B. TALIAFERRO,Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: I started a train of wagons for McDowell to-day with commissary stores and corn for your command. I have ordered it to stop at Ryan's and await your arrival, and proceed down the valley with you from that point. Charles K. Hyde is the wagon-master in charge. Please direct your brigade quartermaster to receipt to him for the commissary supplies and corn. I prefer that this train should accompany your command, as it will afford me a better opportunity to select fifty wagons and teams, on your arrival at Mount Jackson, to send to you at Manassas. Four wagons are here from your command, which I will have loaded with commissary supplies and send them on to meet you at Harrisonburg.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. G. HARMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-If General Loring should countermand the order, either have the train unloaded at Ryan's and return it to me, or send it on to Monterey, as you may deem best.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF NORTHWEST,Staunton, Va., November 29, 1861.

Colonel W. B. TALIAFERRO,

Commanding Troops en route to Manassas:

COLONEL: Inclosed please find a copy of a telegram to-day received. You will see by reference to the copy of my telegram to General Jackson that the suggestion referred to is to take the road via Stribling Springs to the valley turnpike. A large number of men and some officers of your command are at Buffalo Gap and here. I shall direct all who are able to join you to-morrow at Ryan's. The quartermaster here is busy getting supplies and transportation for you, to reach you on the road.

Very respectfully,

S. M. BARTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

