
&amp;c., to Wheeling for its defence. I trust that no such order will be complied with, and that its compliance will only to the confusion and to the evil of the times. We are at peace, and such a procedure will only bring upon our people the bitterness of intestine feud and the military occupation of the northwest by the forces of the surrounding States under the authority of the Union, and if resistance is made it will make us the theater of civil and predatory warfare, with the inability of the State or of the entire South to protect us. A glance at the map will will satisfy you of our exposed and defenseless position, and just now we feel and are satisfied that our weakness is our streght, and our people desire to be left in that condition. If at leisure I may write you again in a few days and frankly give you my views of the relations of the northwest to the eastern division of the State.

With personal regard, your friend,

GEO. W. THOMPSON.

[2.]

FRIDAY, April 26, 1861.*

Present, a full council.

The Governor submitted the following as his nominations under the ordinance of convection of April 17, 1861, viz:

On the recommendation of Major-General Lee, Samuel Jones to be lieutenant-colonel of volunteers; Joseph Selden to be lieutenant-colonel of volunteers; Daniel A. Langhorne to be colonel of volunteers; Robert Johnston to be major of volunteers; Lunsford L. Lomax to be captain of volunteers; William P. Smith to be captain of volunteers; J. Maury Garland to be captain of volunteers; David Lambert to be captain of volunteers; H. H. Selden to be captain of volunteers; John R. McDaniel to be captain of volunteers; Jehu Williams to be captain of volunteers; William Thomas Hardy to be captain of volunteers; Charles W. Hardy to be captain of volunteers.

On the recommendation of J. R. Crenshaw, acting commissary-generalo, Thomas G. Peyton to be captain of volunteers; Frank G. Ruffin to be captain of volunteers, and John H. Claiborne to be captain of volunteers.

On the recommendation of Colonel Heth, acting quartermaster-general, William S. Wood to be captain of volunteers. Nearly al being wanted for immediate staff service, advised unanimously that these appointments be made.

The Governor also submitted his nomination of Richard L. Maury to be first lieutenant of volunteers, for service in the council chamber: Advised unanimously that this appointment be made.

The name of John Cowdrey Taylor was also submitted by the Governor for appointed as second lieutenant of volunteers, nominated by Captain R. L. PAGE, who desired the assistance of Mr. Taylor as secretary in performing the duties of this office as naval aide-de camp to the Governor: Advised unanimously that this appointment be made

On the suggestion of Captain Samuel Barron, the Governor submits the nomination of Lieutenant R. B. Pegram, of the navy, to be added to the joint commission of army and navy officers yesterday appointed: Advised unanimously that Lieutenant Pegram be added to the comision.

Papers were submitted by the Governor relating to repairs of revenue cutter Duane, commenced by authority of the United States Govern-

---------------

* From proceedings of the Advisory Council of the State of Virginia.

---------------

