
RICHMOND, November 30, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel M. G. HARMAN,

Staunton, Va.:

Let Colonel W. B. Taliaferro's command proceed by march, as already directed, from here. The Central Railroad cannot take the command. Send here the letter from General W. W. Loring without opening it.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[5.]

CAMP AT SHAW'S FORK, November 30, 1861.

Colonel C. L. STEVENSON:

COLONEL: I received this mornig, at 1.30 a. M., your communication of yesterday. I presumeyou had not received my dispatch of the 29th informing you of the order of the Adjutant-General at Richmond to march directly to Manassas via Harrisonburg. I will have time atRyan's to-night to receive any order from the commanding general reiterating the order of the 29th. Should I not receive an order to that effect I will move on in the direction of Harrisonburg, but as the road approaches Staunton to within thirteen miles no loss of time willoccur should the general commanding require me to march to that point.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Colonel, Commanding Forces en route for Manassas.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS FORCES AT STAUNTON, VA.,November 30, 1861.

Colonel W. B. TALIAFERRO,

Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: Inclosed is a copy of dispatch received to-day from General Cooper, directing you to march as first ordered via Harrisonburg to Mount Jackson.* The commissary says he sent you five days' rations for 2,000 men, which you will take with you, and will render it unnecessary for me to send any further supplies. I also inclose you a copy of dispatch from superintendent of Manassas Railroad Company, saying he will have sixty cars ready for you on Tuesday. I have telegraphed him to have seventy-five cars ready for you on Thursday morning next. All, I hope, will work, and as you can dispense with teams discharge the impressed ones.

Yours, very respectfully,

M. G. HARMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-I will forward any men now here belonging to your command to Harrisonburg to meet you.

[5.]

SHAW'S FORK, november 30, 1861-1.30 a. M.

Colonel S. M. BARTON:

I expressed to General Loring the telegram from General Cooper to me, and have just received an order from him to proceed to Staunton with my command, and await his further instructions or his arrival.

---------------

*See second, ante.

---------------

