
This is directly opposed to the order from Richmond, and I wish you would telegraph the fact to Richmond, so that I can be relieved from all blame. I had made my arrangements for the march via Harrisburg, and can prosecute it according to the schedule forwarded to Colonel Harman. Reply to this at Ryans' to-day (this evening).

Very respectfully,

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Colonel, Commanding Troops.

[5.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, ARMY OF NORTHWEST,

Huntersville, Va., November 30, 1861.

Colonel W. B. TALLIAFERRO,

Commanding, &amp;c., at or near Ryan's, Monterey Line:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 29th, inclosing the telegram from General Cooper of the 28th, I have just received. A letter from the Secretary of War, d ated 24th instant, with regard to a movement of the troops of this army, was received by General Loring two days since, and he left here on yesterday for Staunton on business connected therewith. I respectfully suggest that you wait at Ryan's further orders from him. The information forwarded to you will be dispatched to him.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Adjutant-General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, December 1, 1862.

Brigadier General L. O'B. BRANCH,

Commanding, &c., New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: The adjutant-general will forward to you an order in relation to the movement of a portion of Spruill's regiment. By the time of its arrival it is presumed the permanent camp will have been selected. I hope you will be able to get correct information in regard to the movements of the enemy at Hatteras. I wrote yesterday in regard to Jordan's regiment, but in the hurry did not retain a copy of my letter. What I designed was that in case of emergency you would suspend the sending of the regiment of Roanoke Island and make such use of it as you might think best. I have written to the Governor in regard to your regiment, as you suggested.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General.

[4.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 250. Richmond, December 2, 1862.

* * * *

V. The following companies will immediately proceed to Dumfries, Va., and there be organized into a battalion, the designation of which will be the Fifth Battalion of Alabama Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel F. B. Shepherd commanding: Captain Thomas Bush's company, Captain E. T. Smyth's company, Captain A. S. Vandegraff's company, Captain Dickinson's company, Captain Davis' company, Captain Smith's company.

* * * *

26 R R-VOL LI, PT II

