
belonging to Sickles' brigade. It was stationed near the hospital opposite the navy-yard. They arrived last night.

Yours, with much respect.

Y. F. W.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Cantonment Varina, December 3, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War Confederate States of America:

SIR: I received this moment your order to move to Dublin Depot, and will set out as soon as it is possible. I have already sent off a very large portion of my transportation for the winter, but will reassemble it as soon as possible. If this movement is for service elsehwere during the winter it is nod doubt, judicious, but if the objects to winter it is no doubt judicisous, but if the object is towinter anywhere in Pulaski County, I fear it will prove expensive and hurtful. There is not a drop of running water within two miles of Dublin Depot, and wood cannot be had except at a heavy cost. Added tot his, it is a most bleak and dreary locality in the winter, although a fine summer climate. Here we have abundance of wood without cost, and water in abudance, togetehr with a fine southern exposure, and the position is one from which an efficient movmenet could be made upon the enemy at the earliest possible moment in spring. Will you be good enough to let me know whether the troops at Meadow Bluff are embraced in the order to move my command to Dublin. That force would reach the railroad at a more accessible point than Dublin.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, December 3, 1861.

His Excellency Henry T. CLARK,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.:

GOVERNOR: Your telegram of this date has been received. The only troops drawn from the coast are Roberts' and Morehead's companies. They will not leave for a few days, as I design to keep them here until they can be paid. If in t he meantime anything should occur to require their services on the coast I shall send them down. Jordan's regiment is still near Washington. I beg that the armed companies of General Branch's late regiment be sent to New Berne as soon as practicable. Please let me know if you think it necessary to keep Walton's company any longer at Morganton. The season is so far advanced that it will soon become impracticabel to carry on military operations in the mountains.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[4.]

Yorktown, December 4, 1861.

(Received 4.30.)

Major-General MAGRUDER, Richmond:

A crowd of sail have passed up the bay between 12 o'clock and this time. I have counted nine at one time. the blockading vessels under

