
It is somewhat doubtufl whether it reached you; at all events, carry out its instructions.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

S. M. BARTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 258. Richmond, December 6, 1861.

* * * *

XVII. So much of paragraph IV, Special Orders, Numbers 254, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, of December 4, 1861, as directs the Tennessee brigade under General Donelson and the regiment under Colonel Starke to proceed to Bowling Green, Ky., is revoked, and these forces will immediately proceed to Charleston, S. C., and report for duty to General R. E. Lee, commadning.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

RICHMOND, December 6, 1861.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Centerville, Va.:

The four regiments are ordered to Winchester to re-enforce General T. J. Jackson.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, December 6, 1861.

Major General J. G. MARTIN,

Adjutant-General of North Carolina:

GENERAL: I desire to receive into service three companies of artillery to serve at the heavy batteries on the Pamlico, Neuse, and White Oak Rivers; also three companies of infantry to be stationed at the latter. As it is next to impossible to procure arms for the companies that are tnedering their services, perhaps the required number might be found among them who are willing to go as artillery. If such should be the case, please accept and order them to report to me at this place. I prefer receiving a battalion to support the battery on White Oak rather than detach companies from a regiment for that purpose, the force at my disposal not being sufficient to establish an entire regiment near that place. The removal of the Georgia regiment from Roanoke Island makes it necessary that re-enforcements be sent me as soon as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[4.]

