
John Hare, native of England, resident of Paterson, N. J., where hisBelongs to First Regiment, Sickles' brigade. Other regiments are within a mile of each other; average strength 800. Force across the river as follows: Sickles, five regiments; Hooker, four; New Jersey brigade, under Colonel Johnson, five regiments; one regiment cavalry, and force of artillery; in all about 20,000. They have over 100 guns; some siege guns, eight horses. Artillery goes down to river in the daytime and returns at night; twenty guns sometimes pass. Jersey brigade is about nine miles from Liverpool Point. The brigade came up the river and landed below the point. Colonel Graham is in arrest. First Regiment is five miles from the point, where two companies are stationed to watch stores, which are landed on the lower side of the creek. Tugs lay about 200 yards off. Sickles' camp seven or eight miles off. Hooker's about the same-First Massachusetts, Eleventh Massachusetts, First Vermont, First New Hampshire Regiments. A deserter from this side arrived there the other night; is in Massachusetts campl has not heard of fleet; men do not anticipate crossing the river; are defending the line of river; are putting up huts, &amp;c., by colonel's direction; commenced two weeks ago. General Hooker goes up in balloon. Colonel Graham was arrested for his marauding. he took negroes from this shore; theyw ere put on tugs and carried off; no trunks or baggage brought with them. Troops generally well behaved, but sometimes disorderly and mutinous. A reveiw took place last week by a major of McClellan's staff and the Compte de Paris; Herald reporter present. Armed with altered muskets; are expecting rifles. Are well treated by Marylanders, though he says they "don't say much."

John Ayres, Company A, First Regiment, Sickles' brigade, from Boston, a painter: the troops over there are all three-years' men. They have over 100 guns, mostly brass, with good horses. They drill daily. He never saw Jersey brigade. From schooners at Liverpool Point to nearest regiment two to three miles; two companies picket the point ten days at a time. The forty captured negroes work unloading vessels; none are in camp. Ten regiments are thee besides the New Jersey brigade; two are at Port Tobacco. Some troops went down the river a few days ago; among them an Indiana regiment. Says he heard the colonel's cook, an Indiana man, say so. The men talk about our coming over to attack them. The men and officers get along well together.

Jesse Jackson, Company A, First Regiment, Sickles' brigade, from Paterson, N. J: Enlisted, having nothing to do. Sickles has five regiments; New Jersey brigade four or perhaps five, commanded by Colonel Johnson. He has only seen thirty pieces artillery; only two pieces are opposite us in battery. They draw supplies from Washington with good teams in about four days' trip. Last time they were paid in Treasury notes; previous to that in gold. Opinion expressed that the war will end before very long by the South yielding. Thinks the resources of the South will fail, &c.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., December 10, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: I inclose herewith a copy of a letter received yesterday from Commodore Forrest, commanding dock-yard, covering a copy of a letter received by him from the Secretary of the Navy, declining to furnish any poweder for the use of the batteries here. I reported to the commodore that at the important battery at Pig Point there were but twenty-

