
eight rounds per gun, and on my requisition he consented to furnish me from a supply he had incharge. The order of the Secretary stop this and the powder remains in store. The chief of ordnance has ifnromed me he would supply me with powder when he could, but he had none now; hence, on consulting with the naval officer here, he agreed to supply me. I beg to state for the information of the President that the Secretary of the Navy, in addition to removing a naval officer who was detailed as an aide-de-camp on my prsonal staff (the cirumstances of which I have previously repoted), has taken every midshipman from the batteries and several other officers. All the naval office4rs have been removed by his orders from the batteries at Pagan Creek (near Smith-field), Barrett's Point, and at Cedar Point (mouth of the Nansemond River). At Pig Point there is only one naval officer. The midshipman was removed without even notifying me. At Craney Island thee is no nval officer, and only one (the commanding officer) at Sewell's Point. TGhree of the interior batteries are in charge of naval officers. I feel compelled to state these facts for the information of the President. I must not be hdld responsible for the defense of these batteries if I am to be thus deprived of the necessary means of making a proper defense.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

COMMANDANT'S OFFICE, DOCK-YARD,

Gosport, December 9, 1861.

Major-General HUGER,

Commanding Department of Norfolk:

GENERAL: Herewith you will find inclosed a letter from the honorable Secretary of the Navy, which, as you will observe, prevents my filling your requisitions, except in case of some emergency.

Very respectfully,

F. FORREST,

Flag-Officer and Commandant.

[Sub-inclosure.]

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, December 5, 1861.

Flag-Officer F. FORREST,

Commanding Navy-Yard, Norfolk:

SIR: The requisitions of General Huger for powder, inclosed in your leter of the 4th instant, are herewith returned. You will inform Geneal Huger that the Department declines to comply with his requisition, as all the powder on hand subject to its control is required for the use of the Navy.

I am, &amp;c.,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 265. Richmond, December 13, 1861.

* * * *

IV. Captain Rives' Virginia light artillery company, with its battery, will immediately proceed, via Fredericksburg and Brooke's Station, to Evansport, Va., and report for duty to Brigadier-General Whiting.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

