
Va., and be organized into a regiment with the eight companie sof cavalry under Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson, commanding.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

A RESOLUTION of thanks to Brigadier General N. G. Evans and the officers and soldiers under his command for their gallant conduct in the battle of Leesburg.

Be it resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of Congress are due, and are hereby tendered, to Brigadier General N. G. Evans and the offices and soldiers under his command for the brilliant victory achieved by them over largely superior forces of the enemy in the battle of Leesburg.

Approved December 18, 1861.

[5.]

CONGRESS HALL, December 18, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I beg leave respectfully to ask your attention to the incolsed letter from Adam Stephenson, esq., a leading citizen of Monteey, remonstrating against the withdrawal of our little force on the top of the Alleghany. Had this little but most gallant army been crushed by the late advance of the enemy upon our lines in seemingly overwhelming numbers, there would have been no obstacle to an onward march to Staunton, in the very heart of the Valley of Virginia. I trust there is no foundation for the rurmor which has so much agitated the population of that part of the valley, that it is the purpose of the Government to deprive them of all protection.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN W. BROCKENBROUGH.

[Inclosure.]

MONTEREY, December 15, 1861.

Honorable J. W. BROCKENBROUGH:

DEAR SIR: It is believed that the whole army is to be withdrawn from the top of the Alleghany, and consequently this county left exposed to the enemy. At the instance of a great many citizens I write to you to request of you the favor of using your influence with the public authorities to cause to be left on the top of Alleghany a sufficient force to protect our homes and families from the depredations of the Yankees. I have conversed with many of our citizens and several of the officers of the army, and all concur in oipinion that an army ought to be left to give us protection. I hope you may feel at liberty to use your influence to cause a force to be left, so that we may not be subjected to the ravages of the notorious Yankees.

In great haste, I am, yours, &amp;c.,

A. STEPHENSON.

[5.]

