
hands of Lincoln, Great Britain might wrest it from him. In that event John Bull, who never lets go a stronghold without a consideration, might clig to it with a tenacity that would give us trouble. There is danger in delay and great need of prompt action. It is proper for you to know that the attention of the Government has been called to the subject. He will, I hope, bring it before the convention. If so, I trust he will receive a hearty and earnest co-operation from you and your friends.

Very truly, yours,

M. F. MAURY,

Confederate Navy.

N. B.-You will understand that in this letter I am treating of the policy to be pursued for a navy only for the watters of the chesapeake, for the present and until we can get the control of them. I have no reference to the permanent navy policy we ought to pursue.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

GLOUCESTER POINT BATTER,

November 22, 1861.

I have read with deep interest Captain M. F. Maury's plan for making the waters of Virginia "too hot" for the Yankee Navy, and sanguinely hope that its practicability, of which I entertain no doubt, may commend it to the favorable consideration of the convention. The effect of such a formidable fleet of boats when operating against the enemy would be powerful. To disperse it would require the force of nearly his whole Navy, andif dispersed it would have the numerous inlets of shoal water, w ith which the State is pierced, into which to seek for shelter, independent of her batteries to back it. It would compel the enemy to convoy his tranports into Chesapeake Bay with a strong squadron or abandon its navigation, and I can't conceive such a convoy effectual when attacked at 100 points. The caliber and range of our guns being uite equal to those of the enemy, and our boats presenting such comparatively diminutive objects, would give us an incalducalble advantage, and when attacked on all sides a frigate would find such a "hornet's nest," a predicament from which she would escpae if she could. On York River and its tribuaties we have the material for building of the best quality and in great abundace, where, under the protection of the batteries at this point and on the Yorktown side, construction may be carried on in perfect security. The same may be said of other rivers. I trust that this "gallinipper" fleet may commend itself to the favorable consideration of the convention. It will, I confidently believe, d river the vandals out of the waters of Virginia and force the Lincoln Government to seek some more difficult channel through which to sustain the horde of hirelings byprotectec. Whatever may be done should be done quickly.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

TH. J. PAGE,

Commander, Commanding Battery at Gloucester Point.

P. S.-Suppose a fleet of twenty of these boats in the harbor of Port Royal at the time of the late attack from the enemy, can any one fail to perceive that the result would hae been vastly different.

T. J. P.

[4.]

