
Yorktown, December 20, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General:

SIR: The works here have progressed rapidly. I have taken guns from where they were not so much needed and mounted them at Yorktown. I have so posted them by traverses and the men by bomb-proof that I feel confident of a successful defense if attacked. Particulars by mail.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, December 20, 1861.

His Excellency Henry T. CLARK,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.:

GOVERNOR: On my return from Wilmington last night I found your letters of the 16th and 18th instnat, both relating to the defenses of Roanoke Island. I am also in receipt of a letter from Colonel Shaw on the same subject. It is to be regretted that General Hill should have been removed just as he was about placing that post in a proper state of defense. You are aware that it is imporper for me to give my unvidided attention to any point of the coast to the neglect of the remainder. An absence for a few days from my headquarters causes a large accumulation of papers requiring replies, hence it becomes necessary to transact the busines sof this department in writing, and the commanders of districts and posts must be intrusted with carrying out the details. The necessary orders will be given at once to place Roanoke Island in a proper state for defense, and an engineer sent to superintend the works. I have given orders for the blocking up of a part of Croatan Sound, and I presume the work is now going on, as the pile-driver had been received last week. I have on more, than one occasion directed Major Sawyer to throw in a sufficient supply of provisions to last that post thirty days, and as he has no other duty to perform if he does not do so it cannot be for want of time. Colonel Shaw has also been instructed on the point. I beg to draw attention to the half-armed state of Colonel Jordna's regiment and suggest that arms be sent to replace the home rifles ans shotgusn. I am told that two companies of the Second Regiment, formerly ofhte First, were discharged in Virginia, where they left their arms. In addition, there must be among our volunteer regiments serving in the vicinity of Norfolk a large number of arms left by deceased and discharged soldiers. From these two sources it is probable that arms for several companies could be obtained. Can you not order these arms to be sent immediately to the Thirty-first Regiment? In the meantime, in order to give some efficiency to the guns in use, I request that the State ordnance officer be directed to send at once, by special messenger, a supply of buckshot and powder; also small percussion caps for the Thirty-first. The ball cartridges and musket caps cannot be used in their guns. I must again urge the sending forward of troops to Hyde County. The force there is not sufficient, and it is very desirable to replace four of the companies now there, two to go to Roanoke Island and theothers to rejoin their regiment at Sheppardsville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[4.]

