SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INPS. S GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 272. Richmond, December 21, 1861.

* * * *

XI. The Wise Legion, Colonel J. Lucius Davis commanding, will immediately proceed to Richmond, Va., and report for duty to General J. H. Winder, commanding the Department of Henrico.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., December 23, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have just been informed an order has been or is to be issued relieving three of the naval officers commanding batteries this department, viz, Commander R. F. Pinckney and Lieutenants Maury and Carter. Commander Pinckney has charge of Fort Norfolk, and is also inspector and provider of all the batteries. Lieutenant Maury commands the very important battery at Sewell's Point, and Lieutenant Carter that at Pig Point. These two batteries are within rifle gun-shot of the enemy. I have no officers of experience in artillery to replace them, and the batteries will be totally inefficient without them. You might better take away the guns. I hope you will consider this subject. I have just notified you that I have got released three naval offices who were prisoners with the enemy, and expect soon to ge tothers. I beg they may be substituted for the officers named above, who are absolutely necessary for the defense of this place. I must not be responsible for the service of these batteries if these officers are removed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[4.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, December 25, 1861.

Major General B. HUGER,

Norfolk:

SIR: Congress has passed a law authorizing the President to appoint to temporary rank in the Army officers of the Navy serving with troops ashore without prejudice to their rank or position in the Navy. I have, therefore, the honor to request that you send me a list of the naval officers in the department under your command that are now commanding batteries or posts, with a suggestion of the proper rank that ought to be assigned to each in proportion to his rank in the Navy and the importance of the command to which you have assigned him. I am happy to inform you that Mr. Mallory has, on representation made to him, withdrawn his request for the removal of the naval officers now in command, of the batteries. Captain Buchanan has kindly aided in having Mr. Mllory's request withdrawn. The naval officers in your command will no doubt be good enough to forward through you their

