
Surry, Charlotte, Halifax, Mecklenburg, Prince George, Southampton, Hanover, and Henrico, including Richmond City, Brunswick, Luneburg, Greensville, Sussex, Cumberland, and Goochland.)

[4.]

NORFOLK, VA., January 3, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I am oin my way to make a reconnaissance of Roanoke Island and other localities of my command. Here this morning I have met Major [Lieutenant-Colonel] Williamson, from Roanoke Island, who is bound to Richmond with requisitions made by Colonel Shaw. He will explain the urgent need of steam pile-drivers to obstruct Croatan and Roanoke Sounds. We have but one, and that is just sent, and is insufficient for piling some two miles of channels in any short time, whilst it is essential to have the work done as soon as possible. I ask for an order to purchase or employ at least three more pile-dirvers. Colonel Williamson will also show you how deficient is the supply of ammunition and munitions of war here. General Huger cuts down Colonel Shaw's requisitions not because they are unnecessary, but really because of the deficiency of powder here. Yet every day almost powder is wasted at the northeren works around Norfolk in practice, enough to supply the outposts for battles. I beg that the requisitions may be more amply supplied from some quarter. They are wholly wanting in fiexed ammunition at the navy-yard for small field piedes and boat howitzers under 24-pounders. Roanoke Island is the very key of the rear defenses of Norfolk, and ought to have its full supplies of every description. The loss of that position may cost us the loss of the navy-yard and of Norfolk, or their connection with Richmond. Norfolk and the navy-yard may well, then, supply Roanoke Island in order to save themselves.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

[4.]

RICHMOND, January 3, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel W. E. PETERS,

Dublin, Va.:

Remain with your regiment at Dublin until further orders. Should you have reliable information of the movement of the enemy, as intimated in your dispatch to Secretary of War, you will advance to check him.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, January 3, 1862.

His Excellency Henry T. CLARK,

Governor of North Carolina:

GOVERNOR: In reply to your letter of the 2nd instant I have to request that the Thirty-fourth Regiment be directed to proceed to Wilmington and report to General Anderson, as he thinks that they can

