
be serviceable in their unarmed state, and that the Thirty-third and Thirty-fifth Regiments be directed to report to General Branch at New Berne. The Thirty-third are much wanted in Hyde County, and the force at New Berne ought to be immediately increased in consequence of the reported preparations to invade that section of the State. I have also to request that 10,000 pounds of cannon powder be sent to the ordnance officer at New Berne. It is so much needed that I cannot urge too strongly the necessity of sending whatever supply there may be on hand at once. It is sad to t hink of our deficiency of troops to repl invasion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[4.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 3. January 4, 1862.

It has been reported to the general commanding that there are many persons within our lines who are in the habit of wearing the uniform and badges of commissioned offices who are not entitled thereto. Such persons are positively prohibited fromw earing such marks of military rank or military dress of any kind, and will, if caught, be placed under guard and tried for the offense by a military court. Officers of all grades are called upon to assist in putting down such gross violations of all military usage, and in briging to punishment those who, under a military garb, obtain and furnish through the newspapers and other channels information to our enemies which could not otherwise be obtained.

By command of General Johnston:

THOS. G. RHETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 4, 1862.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to say, in reply to your letter of the 2nd instant, that a regiment has already been ordred to Lewisburg, and is probably now there. A regiment of cavalry has also been ordered to Mercer County, so that it can scarcely be necessary to call out the militia.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Chief of Bureau of War.

[5.]

NEW BERNE, N. C., January 6 1862.

Honorable A. W. VENABLE:

DEAR SIR: Messrs. Howard &amp; Ellis, of this place, commenced some time ago the construction of a gun-boat, by order of Brigadier-General Hill, which is now ready for machinery and can be completed in thirty or forty days. They now visit Richmond to see the Secretary of the Navy in relation to her, and it has occurred to me that you might

28 R R-VOL LI, PT II

