
render them great service if you will interest yourself in the matter. I consider it a matter of great importance that this vessel should be finished as soon as possible for the defense of Pamlico Sound, as the vessels now composing our navy are entirely inefficient, and one such vessel as the one now in course of construction by Messrs. Howard &amp; Ellis would be worth thew hole of them. Any attention rendered these gentlemen will be highly appreciated by

Your obedient servant,

O. S. DEWEY.

[Indorsement.]

Honorable SECRETARY OF THE NAVY:

I refer you to the within letter to me.

A. W. VENABLE.

[4.]

RESOLUTION of thanks to Colonel Edward Johnson, his officers and men, for services in the battle of Alleghany Mountain.

First. Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of Congress are due, and are hereby tendered, to Colonel Edward Johnson, and to the officers and men under his command, for gallant and meritorious services at the summit of Alleghany Mountain, in Virginia, on the 13th day of December, 1861, when for more than six hours they, with remarkable courage and constancy, sustained an assault made upon their position by fourfold their number, and finally drove the enemy in disorder, and with heavy loss, from the field.

Second. That the foregoing resolution be communicated to said command by the Secretary of War, and be made kown in general orders.

Approved January 10, 1862.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, January 10, 1862.

Brigadier General L. O'B. BRANCH,

Commanding, &c., New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: I have just received a disptach stating that fourteen schooners and two brigs put to sea from Old Point on the night of the 8th, and that great activity previaled in taking troops on board transports, &c. It is very probable they are intended for our coast. Put the commanders on their guard and require the lookouts to give ition should the fleet be seen. Keep me informed, to the end that I may ask for re-enforcements in case of landing. I have directed Colonel White toi send all the surplus artillery at Fort macon to New Berne, where it can be made us of in case communications are cut off from that post. As we have no carriages foir the heavy pieces, it would be well to put them in a place of security this side of the town. I have ordered a detachment of Lenoir Braves, under Lieutenant Williams, to report to you for duty in the batteries. They are said to be good artillerists. The troops move with a snail's pace from Raleigh. I presume the remainder of Colonel Lee's regiment will be down to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[4.]

