
or in the other, to undertake, if necessary, the direct work of endeavoring at least to expel the foe from her western territory; and in this connection we beg leave to say that whateve it may be deemed proper to communicate in confidence shall be carefully guarded from going before the public or otherwise reaching the enemy.

In conlcusion, therefore, we respectfully present these inquiries, and submit to the sound judgment and matured experience of the Confederate Executive the extent to which the desired information may be communicated either oipenly or confidentially, and we ask for such suggestions from yourself or the Secretary of War, either oral or in writing, as may be better enable the committee in the first place to propose, and ultimately the General Ssembly to a dopt, the most judicious measures toward accomplishing the grat object contemplated in the resolution which has given rise to this communication.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BOLIVAR CHRISTIAN,

Chairman Senate Committee.

ANDREW HUNTER,

Chairman House Committee.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, January 13, 1862.

Brigadier General L. O'B. BRANCH,

Commanding, &amp;c., New Berne:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 12th instant has been received. I have not time to reply to it in full. Of course I approve of your design to strengthen the defenses of the town. I w ould advise in addition that communication be daily between New Berne and Cedar Point, for it may be that if the enemy design to attack New Berne they may land their main force there while they attack your batteries or make a feint upon them. It is next to impossible to move their transports up the river until the batteries fall. The Goivernor informed me that he would send down 1,000 pounds of cannon powder with the troops. I learn from Lieutenant Bryan that Mr. Whitford has received about 650, which may be the 1,000 pounds promised. I will telegraph him on the subject at once. Colonel Lee is here, but Governor Clark has telegraphed for him to go to Raleigh; I have requested him to return by the morning train. I would give much to know whether the fourteen schooners and two brigs that left Norfolk on the 8th have arrived at Hatteras. The information would give a clew to the expedition. Can't you arrange with Major Hall to have daily information from Hatteras instead of waiting till something turned up? It would save much uneasiness and give assurance that our scouts have not been captured.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General.

[9.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 11. Richmond, January 14, 1862.

* * * *

XVII. Lieutenant Colonel John M. Jones, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army, is relieved from duty with the Army of the Peninsula,

