
enemy use guns of long range. Our people have to fight at great disadvantage, having no other arms except the mountain rifle. The trees being at this season of the year stripped of their foliage, it is difficult to get within range without discovery. If 400 or 500 Harper's Ferry rifles could be obtained the men referred to would be exceedingly efficient and be able to do good service. A small detachment of these men recently attacked the town of Sutton, drove the guards out of it, and destroyed a considerable quantity of quartermaster's and commissary stores.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. REYNOLDS,

Colonel, Commanding.

[5.]

RICHMOND, January 18, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor herewith to inclose two letters which I have just received, and which will give you late and reliable news from Romney. You will perceive that Captain Shands asks if you want twenty miles of telegraph wire. He ought to know that we can use it, but I fear unless you have him telegraphed to-day (via Winchester) to preserve it, it will not be cared for.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. BOTELER.

P. S.-I have positive information from Winchester that Jackson has moved toward Cumberland.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

ROMNEY, VA., January 15, 1862.

Honorable A. R. BOTELER:

DEAR SIR: Your letters of the 11th and 12th instant reached me this morning, and I hasten to express my thankfulness for your kindness. As yet General Whiting has not reported and I have heard nothing from him. His services are greatly needed, and I trust that you will succeed in soon having him or some other one of his corps sent to this district. At last accounts part of the enemy were still on this side of the Potomac. From the last estimate of the strength of the enemy their forces in and about Cumberland were about 11,000; in Hancock 2,000, and in Williamsport and Hagerstown probably 3,500. I will have enough ammunition for present purposes when that last estimated for arrives. I am gratified to hear that our gifted Secretary of State takes such interest in the military movements of this district. Yesterday the enemy captured a trooper of Captain Sheetz's company in Springfield.

Very truly, your friend,

T. J. JACKSON.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

DEAR SIR: The Yankees ran out of Romney on Friday, thinking Jackson was going to surround them. The attack on Blue's, the prisoners we took say, was a feint to draw off his attention. Jackson is still in Morgan County. Sheetz and myself went in, with our companies, Saturday night; we got the news from three deserters. They burnt a great many of their tents and left about 400 or 500, besides

