
other stores we will get. We let our boys plunder two stores of Yankee notions that could not be got away. As the Secretary of War if he wants twenty miles of telegraph wire. If he does, he must be quick about it. Write to me at Romney.

E. A. SHANDS.

The prisoners we took say the force was 7,000 or 8,000, and they went toward Cumberland and along the railroad to watch Jackson.

[5.]

GOLDSBOROUGH, January 18, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.:

Have just received the following from Major Hall, commanding in Hyde County, dated 16th instant:

From information just received I learn that there are twenty-four small steamers and sixteen sailing vessels inside and seven large steamers outside the bar at Hatteras. Have not heard of there being any in the sound. The weather has been so bad that no communication has been had with the banks for several days, so cannot say when these vessels arrived.

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General.

[9.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, January 18, 1862.

His Excellency H. T. CLARK,

Governor of North Carolina:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 17th instant by the hands of Lieutenant-Colonel Crossan. I have ordered him to report to General Branch, whom I have desired to put him in command of all the heavy batteries on the Neuse. One hundred 32 pounder shells with fuses were sent down yesterday to Crossan's address. The powder will go down this evening. I inclosed and sent by major Husted a copy of General Branch's report in regard to vessels at Hatteras. You will perceive that the majority arrived on or before Saturday, the day previous to the sailing of the fleet from Fort Monroe. I don't know what to think of the report; am inclined to believe that there is some mistake in the denomination of the vessels. It looks very much like a determination to attack the whole of our Sound coast. Of course, I will go down whenever the enemy show where they intend to attack. I am much concerned about the arms of the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-seventh Regiments. I have telegraphed twice on the subject. A reply dated yesterday says the subject will be brought to the notice of the Secretary of War. The New Berne train is just in; no news from below.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General.

[9.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, January 18, 1862.

Brigadier General J. R. ANDERSON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Wilmington, N. C.:

GENERAL: Yours of the 17th instant has been received. I fear that the War Department is misled by its sources of information and that

