
enemy's forces could land at or above this point, thus cutting off General Magruder's supplies via James River. While General Magruder might be able to hold Yorktown and prevent the passage of the enemy up York River, it is, in my opinion, equally as important to prevent their occupation of James River. It is considered as pretty certain that should the enemy attempt a movement upon Richmond, it will be made by a combined attack, by land and by both rives, upon the Army of the Peninsula. In my humble judgment it would be bad policy to abandon the defenses at Jamestown and concentrate upon the one point at Mulberry Island, although if there be not guns enough for all the batteries, I admit the policy of giving the preference to Mulberry Point and Hardin's Bluff. I hope the President will give General Magruder both more men and more guns to repel so important an advance upon the capital of the State and of the Confederacy. I consider Virginia as the great battle-field, and if her capital be lost, Virginia would fall, and with her the whole Confederacy. If Jamestown be dismantled, it will offer a great temptation to the enemy to make a strong effort to pass the batteries below-to take possession of and fortify this island and the neck of land-and thus have a "Gibraltar" or "Old Point" as the base of their operations in Virginia. It would also enable the enemy to land forces upon the south side of James River, thus getting in the rear of General Huger, while General Magruder's supplies would be cut off, and his lines at Williamsburg be outflanked. If Jamestown is to be abandoned I can only hope that Yorktown and Mulberry island will be made impregnable, else the Peninsula will be in danger, and perhaps Virginia overrun.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HILL CARTER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]

I concur most fully in the views here presented by Colonel Carter, and will make another effort to procure more guns in order not to dismantle Jamestown, but if unsuccessful will be obliged to remove some of the heaviest guns now at Jamestown, where I confess they are greatly needed.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[9.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, January 19, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of Brigadier-General Branch's communication, from which my telegram of this date was taken.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

NEW BERNE, Friday, January 17, 1862.

Brigadier General R. C. GATLIN,

Goldsborough, N. C.:

GENERAL: The steamer Johnson has just arrived from Ocracoke. She was sent down by me day before yesterday. The passengers from

