HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, January 20, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I sent a telegram on the night of the 18th instant, confirmatory of a previous dispatch reporting a large number of small steamers and sail vessels at Hatteras Inlet. Since then I have nothing from that part of the coast. Brigadier-General Branch complains that he has no suitable boat to keep a watch upon the enemy and that the C. S. Navy has no steamers in his district. On the 13th instant I received, through Governor Clark, a dispatch from the Secretary of War directing the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-seventh Regiments North Carolina Volunteers to be held in reserve here and that he would have them armed. The Thirty-fourth Regiment was accordingly stopped, but the Thirty-seventh Regiment had already proceeded to New Berne. I have twice telegraphed to Ordnance Department, but the arms have not arrived, nor have I been informed that they are on the way. It is highly important that these regiments be armed at once. Be pleased to draw the attention of the Secretary of War to the subject. L I desire to draw your attention to the neglect of the railroad companies in failing to forward military supplies with dispatch. A 10-inch columbiad for Fort Macon has just reached here, having left Richmond three days ago. The agent accompanying it says that no accident happened on the way. The delay occurred at Petersburg and Weldon. Unless something is done to correct the criminal neglect of these railroad people a sad misfortune may befall us. Even now I know not if the gun will reach Fort Macon in time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[9.]

GOLDSBOROUGH, January 20, 1862-10 p. m.

General COOPER,

Richmond, Va.:

Just received the following via Washington, N. C.:

At 4 p. m. yesterday (19th) there were in the sound at Hatteras 100 sail of the enemy, and 25 steamers, large-class, outside. They had pressed into the service all the pilots; three had made their escape and gave this information. The pilots report that the fleet is destined for New Berne, Washington, Hyde County, and Roanoke, and that a portion of them would move this morning.

Please send the arms for the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-seventh Regiments by special train, and such re-enforcements as can be spared.

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General.

[9.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, January 20, 1862.

Brigadier General L. O'B. BRANCH,

Commanding District of the Pamlico, New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: I have received your dispatch of this date. The Burnside expedition has at length made its appearance in our waters. I have forwarded the information by telegraph to Richmond, Raleigh, and Norfolk. Asked for arms and re-enforcements. I will be with you

