
GOLDSBOROUGH, January 22, 1862.

Governor CLARK, Raleigh:

I hope you will have made a call on the militia of the several counties named in my telegram of yesterday. General Branch reports that the magistrates of Beaufort refuse to call out upon his requisition notwithstanding the urgent necessity. His letter making the request came too late for the mail. He speaks encouragingly of his ability to defend New Berne. A corn schooner arrived at New Berne to-day, having seen nothing in the sound; she left Hyde yesterday. Add Greene to the counties named.

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General.

[9.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, January 22, 1862.

Brigadier General L. O'B. BRANCH,

Commanding District of the Pamlico, New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of yours of this date, inclosing one to the Governor. It came too late to be sent up to-day, but has been telegraphed. I had, however, telegraphed the Governor yesterday to beg that he would order out the militia of the counties named, adding Jones, Greene, and Wayne. The arms for the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-seventh arrived to-day from Richmond, 400 percussion and 600 flint and steel. The former have been issue to the Thirty-fourth; the remainder willb e replaced in a day or two by percussion from Fayeteville Arsenal. I can send them down to-morrow if necessary, but prefer keeping them to return for alternation by the same messenger. If you prefer having them without waiting, let me know. The Thirty-fourth are now armed and equipped. Upon undoubtled information of the approach of the enemy, send cars up for the regiment. I will have it in readiness to move at a moment's notice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[9.]
HEADQUARTERS,Centerville, January 23, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General:

SIR: This army is greatly in want of superior officers. Half of our brigades are without brigadier-generals, and almost the same proportion of field officers is absent, sick or otherwise. The efficiency is thus greatly impaired. I respectfully urge that the vacancies above referred to may be filled as soon as practicable. In this connectiion I beg leave to say that Colonel Forney, although still suffering from the effects of a severe wound received on the 20th ultimo, is as fit for promotion as any colonel in the service of the Confederate States. Our pickets beyond Fairfax Court-House report to-day that the enemy is repairing the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. General Hill wrote yesterday from Leesburg that his picket at Berlin (six miles below Harper's Ferry) reported that the cars had been running day and night for the last two days, loaded with troops for Harper's Ferry.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

[5.]

