HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Goldsborough, January 23, 1862.

Brigadier General L. O'B. BRANCH,Commanding, &amp;c., New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: I wrote yesterday about the arms for Colonel Lee's regiment. My design being misunderstood, 600 flint-and-steel muskets were sent down by the train. They can be issued, if necessary, and replaced with percussion guns when received. Have your experimented to see what force will be necessary to displace your chevaux-de-frise? If it is substantial you had best order to be placed in the Pamlicok, Pango, and in all the tide creeks where a gun-boat can ascend. Be pleased to send me one or two more pencil sketches. Those sent me I have forwarded to General Anderson and Colonel Shaw. I should like to send one to General Huger. My health has much improved.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, commanding.

[9.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH VIRGINIA CAVALRY, Mercer Court-House, January 24, 1862.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I telegraphed you this morning that the enemy was advancing in the direction of Pack's Ferry, on New River, with a force of one regiment of infantry and some cavalry. I shall go to that point to-day to meet the enemy. My force will be 500 cavalry, armed mostly with old shotguns, bowie knives, and a few long-range rifles and muskets, and about fifty Colt revolvers, and some sabers. I think, however, that I can prevent the enemy from getting to Peterstown, where there is quite a large supply of commissary stores, and I believe it is for the object of destroying these stores that the enemy is making this advance. With the regiment of infantry which is now in Dublin and my own command I can drive the enemy back to Raleigh and keep him from advancing any farther this winter unless he should be largely re-enforced. I would also state that there is one piece of artillery at Dublin Station which can be used to much advantage in these mountains. I send an officer with this dispatch.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. JENIFER,

Colonel, commanding Fifth Virginia Cavalry.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH VIRGINIA CAVALRY, Mercer Court-House, January 24, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Since writing you this morning I advanced with my cavalry to the position and said to be occupied by the enemy, and found that he had retreated back to Raleigh Court-House, after capturing some ten or twelve of our loyal citizens. I have ordered out frequent scouts in the vicinity of the Mercer and Raleigh line, to prevent the enemy from taking any more of the citizens. I have also stationed companies of

