
[Inclosure.]

QUARTERMASTER'S DEPARTMENT, Yorktown, Va., January 30, 1862.

Major General J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Yorktown:

DEAR SIR: I would respectfully report that, in obedience to your Special Orders, No. 575, I proceeded to Richmond to make arrangements to procure negroes, free and slaves; and to carry out your order promptly and to secure the necessary force with as little delay as possible, I caused to be inserted in all the Richmond newspapers the inclosed advertisement. A few days after its appearance I received a communication from Colonel A. C. Myers, the Quartermaster-General, directing me to withdraw from said advertisement the following clause: "The Government will be responsible for the value of these Negroes if captured by the enemy or allowed to escape to them or killed in action," and notifying me in the same communication that no law existed authorizing you to bind the Government to these terms. In consequence of this notification from the Quartermaster-General I made no further efforts to hire slaves, but could have secured many. Up to the present time the number of slaves hired, in accordance with the aforesaid Special Order, No. 575, amounts to only eighty-eight. I have no hesitation, however, in saying had I not received orders contrary to your order the number would have been considerably larger.

I have the honor to be, with great esteem, your obedient servant,

B. BLOOMFIELD,

Quartermaster-General of the Peninsula.

[Sub-district.]

Wanted, negroes.- Wanted to hire negroes (free or slave) - laborers, mechanics, and teamsters - for service on the Peninsula, on the following terms and conditions: If hired by the month (not less than six months), $15 per month will be paid for laborers, with rations, comfortable quartermasters, and medical attendance free; if hired by the year, $100 per annum, paid quarterly, with rations, comfortable quarters, and medical attendance free, and usual allowance of clothing. For teamsters and mechanics, $20 will be paid, and rations, comfortable quarters, and medical attendance free. The Government will be responsible for the value of these negroes if captured by the enemy or allowed to escape to them or killed in action. In all other respects the contract of hire will be subject to and comfortable to the laws of Virginia. For further particulars apply at the office of Hector Davis, Franklin street, near Wall, from 10 a. M. to 4 p. M. until the 18th instant.

B. BLOOMFIELD,

Quartermaster-General of the Peninsula.

[9.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Goldsborough, January 30, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have just received a communication form the principal citizens of Scotland Neck, Halifax County, N. C., drawing my attention to the fact that the Roanoke River can at this time be navigated by steamers to within a mile of Weldon, an that in ace General Burnside should succeed in reducing Roanoke Island there is nothing to

