
forces in small detachments. If you think it best to bring up Campbell's regiment do so, but replace them by a company of cavalry, and you might add a company of militia. I have just received a letter from Adjutant-General Martin ordering the Thirty-eight Regimient to Washington. I have sent an officer to receive them into service. I can't say when they will reach their destination. I have no intimation of any re-enforcements from Virginia. We will have to fight our own battles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General.

[9.]
HEADQUARTERS FORTY-FIFTH VIRGINIA REGIMENT, Pack's Ferry, Monroe County, Va., February 6, 1862.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army:

GENERAL: As instructed by an order from the War Department, I moved to this point with the regiment under my command at the earliest practicable moment after receiving it. I advised Colonel Jenifer of my movement, as I waas also instructed to do. On reaching Peterstown I was met by a courier from him with an order to leave four companies of my regiment at that point, to station two at this ferry and two at the Jumping Branches, distant from this place seven miles in the direction of Raleigh Court-House. Four companies were, according to this order, left at Peterstown. I shall post two here and take three companies to the Jumping Branches. I am induced to this last step in consequence of the importance of the point and from the fact that my companies are not very large. My march to this place was very trying to my men and horses in consequence of the recent heavy rains and the consequent bad condition of the roads. I was delayed somewhat by high water, and am at present not able to move from this point on account of a very heavy rain last night rendering the passage of New River hazardous. Day before yesterday I received a dispatch from Colonel A. W. Reynolds in which it was stated that the enemy were advancing upon Lewisburg, and calling upon me for succor. I at once forwarded the dispatch to Colonel Jenifer. In reply he instructed me to send the four companies left at Peterstown to the Salt Sulphur Springs. I at once dispatches Major H. W. Werth, of this regiment, to Peterstown to take command of these companies and to proceed with them to that point. I have since learned that the enemy, who were represented as advancing upon Lewisburg in force, were nothing more than a predatory party who advanced as far as Sewell Mountain for the purpose of thrashing some wheat which they learned was in its vicinity, and who retreated in great haste, leaving the wheat upon receiving intelligence that a force was marching against them. From all I can gather there can, I suppose, be no doubt that they have fallen back.

I regard it as impossible to get provisions from Peterstown to this point by wagon. The roads are deeper than I have ever known them, and the flat lands along the river submerged. I can subsist the part of my regimient here at present from the surrounding country. The supply of provisions is very limited, from the fact that it was in a great measure command by the force operating here last summer and fall, and from the additional fact that in consequence of the scarcity of salt

