
too sensibly to take the decision on myself. Will you good enough to give me your instructions on the subject.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

[Indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The second specification to the second charge would seem to refer to the regulation against deliberations or discussions by military men with a view to cast censure or confer praise upon their superiors or others in the military service. The answer of General Loring is that the petition was a statement of and submitted to obtain relief for the troops. The paper should have been sent through the prescribed channel or correspondence. There is a question of fact as to the words charged in the first specification to the second charge, and the answer of General Loring shows that he could not have intended to commit an act of insubordination. The good of the service does not, it is believed, require a court-martial, but as General Johnston has submitted an inquiry evincing his opinion that a trial is proper, it is proper that he should have a copy of the answer of General Loring and the decision on the case, viz, that the chargers will not be prosecuted.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[5.]

GOLDSBOROUGH, February 13, 1862.

Governor H. T. CLARK, Raleigh:

One company of the Thirty-eighth Regiment is at Weldon; the other companies went down the Roanoke yesterday. The Thirty-fourth was at Halifax last night. Orders were sent yesterday for the Thirty-eighth to go to Weldon and the Thirty-fourth to take charge of the lower river if it can be or has been blocked up; if not, then for both to go to Weldon.

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General.

[9.]

HEADQUARTERES DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Goldsborough, February 13, 1862.

Brigadier General J. R. ANDERSON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Wilmington:

GENERAL: Captain Munn has been supplied with ammunition, but as I have under consideration the project of withdrawing the guns from Huggins' Island I decline to make any change in the district at this time. I have no certain news of the movement of Burnside. I presume, however, from what I have heard, that his design is to ascend the Chowan, get possession of the Norfolk railroad, and form one of the columns for Norfolk or Richmond. He may also have an eye for Weldon. I made a mistake in forwarding two regiments for the Roanoke defenses, supposing that troops would be sent from Richmond to hold the bridge while I blocked up the river and made its ascent impracticable. I have been disappointend about the re-enforcements, and so have ordered one of the regiments to Weldon and shall be uneasy until I learn it is there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, commanding.

[9.]

