
BURNT ORDINARY, JAMES CITY COUNTY,

April 26, 1861.

[JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia:]

MY DEAR SIR: I ask permission to draw attention to a subject (if it has not already been done) that I consider of much importance to the country at this time, and especially to Tide-Water Virginia. I refer to the use of our able-bodied free negro men, between the the ages of eighteen and fifty, in military service. The might be made highly useful in camp work, throwing up internchmets and forts, and forts, and in any other way that the safety of the country might require. And besides this, it would be putting them out of harm's way, thereby lessening the chances of service insurrecton, which it is well to guard against as far as possible. Again, should it ever become necessary to take Old Point Comfort they might be made to play a part in that affaicr greatly to the preservation of the lives of our troops without them any injustice as a people, assuming that the life a white man is a worthy of preservation as that of a negro. Again, I see that many slaves have been offered to the Government by gentlemen to do camp work. I think it would save the necessity of this labor, and whilst the slaves might be kept at work to produce breat for our army, these people by their lazy habits, were they left at home, would not encresase the stock of privisions at all in the country. These and other reasos induce me to ask your attention to this subject, and if it shall meet your views of propriety, respectfully suggest that you issue a proclamation to commandants of regiment to call such persons into service at any time that they may think the interest of the State may require it.

Yours, most respectfully,

C. M. HUBBARD.

[2.]

RICHMOND, April 27, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Troops pouring into Washington without hirdrance now in great numbers. Report Governor Hicks resigned. Frank Blair says Maryrand shall be a free State if every white man has to be destroyed. Troops defacing capito. Blockade to be extended to Virginia and North Carolina Monday. Commodore STrigham in command. Regular Army and Navy to be increased to 25,000 troops there. Public buildings undermined. Heingts Georgetown being deligently fortified. Baltimore papers of 26th say less excitement there. Legislature expected to call a conventio. Reported at Baltimore families ll left. Hotels nearly empty, preparitg to close. Scarcity of provisions in Washington. Railroad [from] Washington to Philadelphia in possession of Government. Virginia convention not elected comissioners to Montgomery. Vice President left this morning.

[2.] D. G. DUNCAN.

SATURDAY, April 27, 1861.*

* * * * * * *

The Governor nominated to the council Major Thomas J. Jackson colonel of volunteers under the ordinance of convention of 17th of April,

---------------

* From the Executive Journal of the State of Virginia.

---------------

