
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Raleigh, February 17, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: I have the pleasure of announcing to you that our recent disaster and the invasion of our State has infused quite a spirit of volunteering for the war. Within the last two days seven companies have tendered themselves, and I hear of many more recruiting successfully. We have a large contrat for Mississippi rifles, but it will be some weeks before any of them are delivered, and until then the State has no arms. But I understand that you will arm all troopos for the war, and upon the faith of that the above companies have been accepted and will be tendered to the Confederacy as soon as organized into a regiment. The companies are ordered forthwith to Weldon, in camp, where, with arms in their while drilling, they may be ready for any emergency along our lines, now so much threatened. If you will immediately send 600 arms to Weldon, addressed to our adjutant-general, Martin, they will be in time to enable these men to render most valuable service at a point where they may be so much needed. If you can comply with this requisition please inform me by telegraph. I took the first opportunity of abandoning the plan of receiving twelve-months' men, and will receive only those for three years or the war, and I would be gald to knkow explicity if our recruits for the war outside of the twelve-months' volunteer regiment will be entitled to your proffered bounty of $50 as soon as they are mustered into your service.

Very respectfully,

HENRY T. CLARK.

P. S.- Since writing the above, received your telegram offering 100 rifles. Direct them immediately, with their equipment, to General R. C. Gatlin, Goldsborough.

H. T. C.

[9.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, AJDT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 40. Richmond, February 18, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*

V. Captain Greenlee Davidson's company Virginia light artillery having been accepted into the service of the Confederate States for the war, will report at once to Brigadier General J. H. Winder, commanding Department of Henrico, for duty at the camp of instruction, near this city.

*		*		*		*		*		*

XIX. Colonel Ransom, with the cavalry under his command (the Ninth North Carolina Regiment Volunteers, First Cavalry), will proceed to Suffolk, Va., without delay and report to Major-General Huger, commanding Department of Norfolk.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4 and 5.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Goldsborough, February 18, 1862.

Brigadier General L. O'B. BRANCH,

Commanding Forces, &amp;c., New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 16th instant has just reached me. I approve of Major Hall's evacuation of Hyde County under your orders,

