HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Goldsborough, February 24, 1862.

Major General J. G. MARTIN,Adjutant-General of North Carolina:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 23rd instant has been received. Orders will be issued to Colonel Clarke embracing the Governor's wishes as expressed in your letter, but I fear it will be found impracticable to effectually block the Roanoke in its present high stage of water. Such is the opinion of Colonel Leventhorpe, who has been untila few days past as low down as Jemesville. By the interference of Colonel Clarke, of the Twenty-fourth Regiment, my plans for the defense of the river have been interfered with in this, that he sent from Murfreesborough an order to Colonel Leventhorpe to fall back on Weldon, which order did not reach me in time to prevent the movement. So the Thirty-fourth is now at Weldon. It has been finally determined to erect a battery at Fort Hamilton, and Captain Meade will proceed there to-day to construct it. A regiment of infantry will remain near Weldon with Tucker's company of cavalry; the other regiment and a section of a light battery will move at once from Weldon to Hamilton. I have ordered Colonel Spruil, with four companies of his regiment, to Bertie County to harass the enemy and assist the inhabitants.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General.

[9.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 45. Richmond, February 25, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*

XVI. The counties of Martin, Bertie, Halifax, Northampton, and Hertford, in North Carolina, are annexed to the department under the command of Major-General Huger.

XVII. Major-General Loring will report to Major-General Huger for assignment to the command of troops in the field within his department.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[9.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PENINSULA, Yorktown, February 25, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

SIR: I think the roads are almost impassable for artillery, but a small amount of ammunition can be carried. I do not think the movement advisable. I send reports from General McLaws showing the state of things in his command. Some of the battalions have been reduced by furloughs. It would be more advisable to withdraw silently and gradually the troops from the front line, leaving a few regiments on it with light marching order and fortify strongly my second line, whose flanks rest upon the York River and Mulberry Point, respectively. I sent the day before yesterday my views as to the Merrimac (Virginia). I would like Captain Buchanan to be informed of them if

