
they meet with the approbation of the Department, for, as our understanding now is, expects that my troops will be at Newport News when he attacks. I informed the Department of the arrival of re-enforcements both at Newport News and at Fort Monroe. The former is significant.

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, commanding.

[9.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LEWISBURG, Lewisburg, Va., February 26, 1862.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL C. S. ARMY, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have on this line three 6-pounder iron guns, and have made requisitions for additional guns to complete two batteries. On the routes leading from Gauley to the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad I have but one 6-pounder iron gun, represtend as much out of order. I have made the necessary requisitions for two batteries on that line. I can raise one company of artillery in this section. If it is possible, I beg that you will send me two companies of artillery, with or without pieces. Of course it would be far preferable that they should be equipped in Richmond. A I will endeavor to raise a second company in this district, which will compolete my artillery arm. I understand that there are several companies of artillery being organized in Richmond.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,H. HETH,

Brigadier-General, commanding.

a This equipment does not refer to horses.

[First indorsement.]

MARCH 5, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Chief of Ordnance.

Can anything ber done here in respect to the pieces of artillery and equipments referred to within?

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Second indorsement.]

Respectfully returned to General S. Cooper, Adjutant and Inspector General.

A battery of four pieces has been ordered to be gotten ready for General Heth by the 15th of this month if possible. An additional 6-pounder iron gun or a 12-pounder howitzer might be sent to him, which would give him two batteries - artillery enough for four regiments of infantry.

J. GORGAS.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Goldsborough, February 26, 1862.

Brigadier General L. O'B. BRANCH,

Commanding, &amp;c., New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: A special order was issued on the 19th instant, a copy of which was sent to you, directing the abandonment of Huggins' Island and the transfer of the guns, &c., to Morehead City, and from thence to

