
New Berne. Nothing has been heard from Captain Munn on the subject. Please direct the quartermaseter at Fort Macon to send transportation for the company, guns, &amp;c., if Captain Munn has not already moved agreeably to orders. If there is no necessity for the guns at Fort Macon or New Berne, please have them, or such of them as can be spared, sent to Wilmington, directed to General Anderson, who is extremely anxious to get the guns for Fort Caswell.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, commanding.

[9.]

MAYOR'S OFFICE, Norfolk, February 26, 1862.

President DAVIS:

SIR: A rumor relative to the action of our Government about the defense of Norfolk has caused a painful excitement in this city. Give us 20,000 soldieres, with a good supply of ammunition, and Norfolk, Portsmouth, and the navy-yard will be safe from any attack of the enemy. When General Gwynn was at this post I took him to the several points in the neighborhood where the British attempted to land in the war of 1812, and he remarked that the left no surprise at their inability to assail Norfolk, so great are the natural obstacles to the advance of an enemy. Surely from the large number of soldiers of the Southern Confederacy 20,000 can be spared to defend one of the most important places in the South. Send as that number, with ammunition sufficient to maintain a fight for ten day, and any force of the enemy will be repulsed in a wway to prevent a renewal of an attack. I wish you would visit Norfolk and examine its defenses. You would think it the duty of the Government to assist the citizens of Norfolk and Portsmouth in the resistance they are determined to make at all hazards against the occupation of their cities by their enemies. If Nofolk, Portsmouth, and the navy-yard fall into the hands of the enemy a crushing blow will fall upon our glorious cause. The repulse of attack here, to effect which every effort ought to be made, would hasten the consummation of the event for which we are now fighting.

Yours, very respectfully,

WM. W. LAMB,

Mayor.

[9.]

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS,

Centreville, February 27, 1862.

Brigadier General S. G. FRENCH,

Commanding at Evansport:

GENERAL: It may soon become necessary for you to evacuate your present position and rejoin General Holmes; therefore please prepare, as well as you can, for such a contingency. If you can remove any property of value do so. Endeavor in whatever you attempt in that way to excite as little observation as possible, as it is important that no movement should be suspected beforehand. Any intimation as to time of movement will be made through Brigadier-General Whiting.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

[5.]

31 R R-VOL LI, PT II

