
RALEIGH, N. C.

(Received February 27, 1862.)

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

MY DEAR SIR: We hear from all sides that Norfolk in the most imminent danger. The norhteastern counties in North Carolina are already in the hands of the enemy by the fall of Roanoke Island, and Burnside is preparing to move a column of 40,000 men. It is unnecessary for me to say more to you than express the universal apprehension felt here for the position of affairs at Norfolk and the surrounding counties in Virginia and North Carolina. The effect of the fall of Norfolk must be most serious on this State. Could not more troops be sent there and on the line of railroad from Weldon to Norfolk? But I will not make suggestions to you, who must be much more familiar with the subject and our dangers and remedies than I am. I write solely to express the feeling of anxiety and apprehension which exists here.

Truly, your friend, &amp;c.,

D. M. BARRINGER.

[9.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 9. Richmond, March 1, 1862.

I. The following proclamation of the President is published for the information of all concerned:

PROCLAMATION.

By virtue of the power vested in me by law to declare the suspension of the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus in cities threatened with invasion-

I, Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States of America, do prclaim that martial law is hereby extended over the city of Richmond and the adjoining and surrounding country to the distance of ten miles; and I do proclaim the suspension of all civil jurisdiction (with the exception of that of the mayor of the city) and the suspension of the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus within the said city and surrounding country to the distance aforesaid.

In faith whereof I have hereunto signed my name and set my seal, at the city of Richmond, on this 1st day of March, in the year 1862.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

II. Brigadier General J. H. Winder, commanding the Department of Henrico, is charged with the due execution of the foregoing proclamation. He will fortwith establish an efficient military police, and will enforce the following orders:

All distillation of spiritous liquors is positively prohibited and the distilleries will forthwith be closed. The sale of psiritous liquors of any kind is also prohibited, and establishments for the sale thereof will be closed.

III. All persons infringing the above prohibition will suffer such punishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a court-martial, provided that no sentence to hard labor for more than one month shall be inflicted by the sentence of a regimental court-martial, as directed by the Sixty-seventh Article of War.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[5.]

