
and January 31, 1862. I have no suitable officers to replace those ordered away, and I now have a telegraph notice that the Secretary has ordered from Sewell's Point the senior captain (Weisiger), who has been there since the battery was first established and is essential to its good service now. I have beenmuch weakened by the additions made to this department by including the brigade assigned to Brigadier-General Wise of part of North Carolina, as well as by the substraction of efficient artillery officers. I will beg Colonel Lee to make all explanations.

I assure you I will use every exertion to repel the enemy in whatever numbers he may attack; and with my thanks for your assurance of confidence, believe me, most truly, yours,

BENJ. HUGER.

[Inclosure.]

EXTRACT.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,

Norfolk, Va., January 31, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have received your letter of the 28th instant in reply to mine of the 7th instant, concerning the Army of Navy officers. I regret the course of the Secretary of the Navy, as the services of experienced officers at our batteries are now essential for the defense of our country. It is no time to consider this or that branch of the service; we must work together or fail.

*		*		*		*		*		*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, commanding.

[Indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF THE NAVY:

Please read and report. No duty can be more important at this moment than the defense at Sewell's Point.

J. D.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

For attention and report, with such action as may be practicable.

J. D.

[9.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE PENINSULA, Yorktown, March 4, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

SIR: I have repeatedly asked to be informed by the Department whether or no Hanover County was in my district. Believing that it was, I have called out the militia from that country, having received authority from the Governor of this State to call on all the militia from any counties in the State. I think I can arm about 1,000. Hanover will probably furnish 200. I request that you will request the Adjutant-General of the State of Virginia to call out the militia of such counties as you may name and order them to report in Williamsburg without delay. Since writing the above I have been informed that Hanover

