
you on the subject. The order from the Secretary directs that all the troops be sent to Suffolk. Of course this includes the two cavalry companies. In addition to those mentioned by you as having been ordered, please direct Lieutenant-Colonel Johnston, if he is still at Washington, to take command of all the detachments of the Seventeenth Regiment - the two companies as well - and conduct them to Suffolk and report to Colonel Martin for orders. I am not informed of the conditions of service mentioned in the original muster-rolls of the local companies. If any of them were to serve out of Beaufort County, but in the State of North Carolina, you will have to retain them and dispose of them as you may think best. It seems to me that the cavalry companies had best be so used in the county for the present to aid in keeping order among the slaves, &amp;c. The hospital must be continued at Washington until the medical can make other arrangements. Have the heavy ordnance and stores sent up to Tarborough, and employ some of the local troops on that service; surely flats can ascend the river to that point. Require the whole movement to be made with the utmost dispatch.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General.

[9.]

RICHMOND, March 5, 1862.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

Your dispatch to General Coooper has been sent to me. The order did not admit of discussionn an I hope will be obeyed with due promptitude. Military operations cannot be conducted otherwise.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 52. Richmond, March 6, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*

XXVI. The President's Guard, a company organized under the provisions of Act No. 229, approved August 31, 1861, has been accepted by the President for three years, or for the war, for special duty and local defense at the seat of Government, and will report accordingly to Brigadier General John H. Winder, commanding Department of Henrico, at Richmond, va.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjtuant-General.

[5.]

STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS,

Centreville, March 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General FRENCH:

GENERAL: I have fixed upon Saturday for the time of moving. Please join General Holmes. When you move report the fact to the general. Take no one into your confidence bu those whose duties make it necessary, and even then no sooner than necessary. Please see General Whiting, to confer with him. Your movements must accord, and until the march commences he must have control, and should

