
any change of disposition on the march be necessary, then too, your destination being the same.

Respectfully and truly, yours,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

I told General W. that I would request you to ride up to-morrow to see him.

J. E. J.

[5.]

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS,

Camp Fisher, March 7, 1862.

Brigadier-General FRENCH,

Commanding, evansport:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have just received a note from General Johnston, in which he informs me that he has fixed upon to-morrow morning for his movement (Saturday). He says, as of course you will have to do, that you must move about the time I do. My baggage trains will move at daylight on one of the ridge roads west of the Telegraph road. The Texas Brigade will move down the Telegraph road; their trains will also start at daylight. Hampton will move by Cole's store on a ridge road, more to the west still. I shall not probably start my regiments till near the middle of the day, or until I am sure that Hampton is not in danger of being attacked pending the movement. If it is possible for your to meet me in Dumfries or here, name to hour.

Very truly, yours,

W. H. C. WHITING.

[5.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, DISTRICT OF NORFOLK, Norfolk, Va., March 6, 1862.

Martial law having been proclaimed in all that direct of country occupied by the cities of Norfolk and Portsmouth and the vicinity, for ten milese around them, the following regulations are published with the approval of the general commanding the department for the information and government of the inhabitants thereof, viz:

I.-MILITIA ORGANIZATION.

1. All white males, between the ages of eighteen and forty-five not now in the service of the Confederate States, or specially exempted in writing by the several boards of exempts hereinafter provided, are required to perform military duty within their respective precincts and in the district to this end, simultaneously with the publication of these orders.

Commandats of regiments will direct every able-bodied man without exception, within the ages above specified, whether entitled to exemption or not, under the penalty of immediate arrest, to assemble, with such arms or weapons as they have or can procure, at the several places of rendezvous herein appointed, and at the day and hour fixed by these regulations, for the purpose of being enrolled. And the enrollment being concluded by the officer whom they will previously designate for that purpose, and the peresons entitled to exemption first discharged or

