
The city bells of Norfolk and Portsmouth will continue to be rung as required by the ordinances of those cities, respectively. Tattoo and a second bell will be sounded in front of the main guard-house in each city at 10 o'clock p. M., after which the sentinels will begin to challenge all passers. All peresons of every degree without the countersign or a written pass, signed by the provost-marshal, and accurately and fully describing the bearer, will be arrested and carried before the captain of the guard for examination. Physicians, persons bringing country produce to the city for sale, and others whose business in life requires them out at night will be provided by the provost-marshal with passes to enter the cities and go about.

Persons desiring to leave the district, or to pass over or upon the water-courses, except by the ferry-boat, will be required to give one day's notice to the provost-marshal of such desire or intention. The sentinels around the cities and district will suffer none to pass upon any pretext, and will arrest any attempting to go without the written passport of the provost-marshal, countersigned by the civil and military governor, and accurately and fully describing the person of the bearer of such passport, and authorizing his, her, or their departure.

The sale of spiritous liquors of any short, in any quantity, or under any pretense or evasion, is prohibited. Bar-rooms and all other places where liquors are kept for sale or use will be closed. All liquor exposed to view will be seized, destroyed, and spilled. Permission to take the same away from the district immediately may be granted by the provost-marshal.

Drunkards, disorderly and disloyal persons of both sexes will be arrested and confined. Gambling is prohibited, and all implements and money used in gaming or exposed at hazard will be seized and appropriated for public uses.

Arms of every sort - shotguns, pistols, swords, and offensive weapons - are demanded for the public use, whether they be private or public property; such of them as are not in the hands of and in use by the volunteers or enrolled militia by the 9th of March, and are not delivered to the nearest ordnance officer in the service of the Confederate States, will then be seized by the provost-mashal, wherever the same can be found or discovered. The value of the private arms will be ascertained and paid for.

All cotton and tobacco in bales or the quanityt will be delivered to the quartermaster for custody, otherwise they will be seized by the provost-marshal.

By order of Edward Cantwell, lieutenant-colonel Twelfth North Carolina Troops, civil and military governo:

W. A. PARHAM,

First Lieutenant, forty-First Virginia Volunteers, Provost-Marshal.

[9.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 53. Richmond, March 7, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*

XIX. Captain R. W. Jones' company of infantry will proceed to Petersburg, where it will be mustered into service for three years or the war, and thence proceed to Norfolk, Va., and report to General Huger.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[9.]

