
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 10. Richmond, March 8, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*

General Orders, No. 9. issued March 1, 1862, proclaiming the suspension of all civil jurisdiction with the exception of that of the mayor of the city of Richmond within the city and the surrounding country to the distance of ten miles, is hereby so modified as to permit the courts to take cognizance of the probate of wills, the administration of the estates of deceased persons, and the qualification of guardians; to enter decrees and orders for the partition and sale of property; to make orders concerning roads and bridges; to assess county levies, and order the payment of county dues.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[5.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 11. Richmond, March 8, 1862.

I. The following proclamation is published for the information of all concerned:

PROCLAMATION.

By virtue of the power vested in me by law to declare the suspension of the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus in cities threatened with invasion-

I, Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States of America, do proclaim that martial law is hereby extended over the city of Petersburg and the adjoining and surrounding country to the distance of ten miles, and I do proclaim the suspension of all civil jurisdiction (with the exception of that of the mayor of the city, and that enabling the courts to take cognizance of the probable of wills, the administration of the estates of deceased persons, the qualification of guardians, to enter decrees and orders for the partition and sale of property, to make orders concerning roads and bridges, to assess county levies, and to orer the payment of county dues), and the suspension of the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus within the said city and surrounding country to the distance aforesaid.

In faith whereof I have hereune sigend my name and set my seal on this 8th day of March, in the year 1862.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

II. William Pannill is appointed provost-marshal, and is charged with the due execution of the foregoing proclamation. He will forthwith establish an efficient military police, and will enforce the following orders:

III. All distillation of spirituous liquors is positively prohibited, and the distilleries will forthwith be closed. The sale of spirituous liqours of any kind is also prohibited, and establishment for the sale thereof will be closed.

IV. All persons infringing the above prohibition will suffer such punishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a court-martial; provided that no sentence to hard labor for more than one month shall be inflicted by the sentence of a regimental court-martial, as directed by the Sixty-seventh Article of War.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[9.]

