
[Fourth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., march 18, 1862.

Respectfully returned to General Cooper.

General Heth has been directed by telegraph to send the Eight Virginia Cavalry to General Marshall or General Kirby Smith, whichever route offers the prospect of procuring forage, and that an infantry regiment will be sent as soon as possible to supply its place.

R. E. LEE,General.

[5.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, March 8, 1862.

Governor JOHN LETCHER,

Virginia:

SIR: The exigencies of the public service require, in order to repel the invasion of Virginia, that her sons be called out in the defense more speedily than can be done under the operation of the law recently enacted by her Legislature. I am therefore instructed by the President to call on you as the Governor of Virginia for the immediate summons to the field of 40,000 militia, to be sent for the re-enforcement of our generals at the following points, namely: (1) To Major General T. J. Jackson, 12,000 men; (2) to General Joseph E. Johnston, 15,000 men; (3) to Major-General Holmes, 3,000 men, and (4) to Major-General Huger, 10,000 men.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

[5 and 9.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, March 8, 1862.

Brigadier-General GATLIN,

Goldsborough, N. C.:

SIR: It is represented to me by Captain Myers that much of the cotton in your district is safely hidden away in the swamps and at points remote from the rivers. Wherever you consider it safe from seizure by the enemy of course it will not be destroyed. You will exercise your own discretion in the whole matter, the object of the Government being only to render it impossible for the enemy to take it.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

[9.]

GENERAL ORDERS, EXECUTIVE DEPT., DIST. OF NORFOLK, No. 1. Norfolk, Va., March 9, 1862.

I. In obedience to instructions from division headquarters military and Government employes within this district will be exempted from ordinary militia duty during such service only, and the absence of immediate necessity, as invasion, insurrection, &amp;c., upon their producing to the captain of the precinct in which they are severely enrolled a proper certificate of such employment. When discharged they will be immediately reported to such captain for duty.

