
these points to our country that if I had my way I would hold them at every hazard of blood and money.

Your friend, faithfully,

JOSEPH R. ANDERSON.

I get my information from officers from Norfolk.

[9.]

FREDERICKSBURG, March 11, 1862.

GENERAL FRENCH:

DEAR SIR: I thought I should have bad the pleasure of seeing you as you passed through with your brigade, but I missed you, for which I am sorry, as perhaps I might have verbally answered any questions you may have wished to ask. My different notes gave you all the information requisite, if you were able to read them. I think your orders were all as well carried out as they could have been. I left about 1 o'clock, not wishing to have to travel at night, which I coul dnot have done. When I left the guns had been spiked and everything prepared for the torch. Captain Swann had orders from me to roll the drum at dusk as a signal to do so, but I left it discretionary with him to act before, if circumstances made it prudent. At 4 p. M. he put my orders in execution, and all the men left - got off safely. I hope you will excuse my not seeking you on "horseback" to make a personal report. It is a sad affair, and I suppose you don't require more than absolutely necessary to be said about it. Now, sir, with many thanks for all your kindness to me whilst under your command, I have to request your leave to report myself to the honorable Secretary of the Navy. I served nine months at Colston's, and will be much pleased now to give my poor efforts to my own branch.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDK. CHATARD,

Commander, C. S. Navy.

[5.]

ENGINEER BUREAU, Richmond, March 11, 1862.

Lieutenant Henry T. DOUGLAS, Provisional Army, C. S.,

Engineer in Charge, Yorktown:

SIR: The recent conflict at Newport News shows conclusively that water batteries, especially those ner deep water, cannot injure materially properly constructed iron-clad vessels, not contend with them. I am therefore clearly of opinion that no guns should be placed in casemate at Yorktown except with a view to protect the shore. Two 32-pounders firing up the beach and two down would do this, and their embrasures could be of such splay as not be exposed to vessels from the water. Four 32-pounders placed as I have suggested are all that are required to defend the shore reasonably well, although a greater number would of course improve the defense. These same arguments apply to Gloucester Point, and Colonel Carter, who is now here, agrees with me. He will lay my views before General Magruder. If you have collected a large number of logs they may be easily and usefully used in constructing bomb-proofs, &amp;c. The only point on the Peninsula where I think casemates of value is Mulberry Island Point. The enemy cannot approach that point nearer than about half a mile, and

