
GOLDSBOROUGH, March 13, 1862.

General J. R. ANDERSON,

Wilmington:

The enemy are in force below New Berne. Have Colonel Lane's regiment held in readiness to move at a moment's notice, transportation, &amp;c. Let me know when the regiment is ready.

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General.

[9.]

GOLDSBOROUGH, March 13, 1862.

Brigadier General J. R. ANDERSON,

Wilmington, N. C.:

Yes; send the company you mention. Please require the troops to leave as soon as possible.

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[9.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 15. Richmond, March 14, 1862.

I. The following proclamation is published for the information of all concerned:

PROCLAMATION.

By virtue of the power vested in me by law to declare the suspension of the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus-

I, Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States of America, do proclaim that martial law is here extended over the counties of Elizabeth City, York, Warwick, Gloucester, and Mathews, and I do proclaim the suspension of all civil jurisdiction (with the exception of that enabling the courts of take cognizance of the probate of wills, the administration of the estates of deceased persons, the qualification of guardians, to enter decress and orders for the partition and sale of property, to make orders concerning roads and bridges, to assess county levies, and to of habeas corpus in the counties aforesaid.

In faith whereof I have hereunto signed my name and set my seal this 14th day of March, in the year 1862.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

II. Major-General Magruder, commanding the Army of the Peninsula, is charged with the due execution of the foregoing proclamation. He will forthwith establish an efficient military police and will enforce the following orders:

III. All destillation of spirituous liquors in positively prohibited, and the distilleries will forthwith be closed. The sale of spirituous liquors of any kind is also prohibited, and establishments for the sale thereof will be closed.

IV. All person infringing the above prohibition will suffer such punishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a court-martial; provided that no sentence to hard labor for more than one month shall be inflicted by the sentence of a regimental court-martial, as directed by the Sixty-seventh Article of War.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[9.]

