
marshal will see that perfect order is preserved in the streets, will close all stores and shops were liquor is sold, and will use the most stringent measures to prevent the sale or issue of intoxicating drink. All stragglers from the army who are in the town, or who may attempt to enter it without proper authority, are to be arrested and reported to their regiments. No recuirts, furloughed men, or officers returning from leave will be allowed to pass Orange Court-House to the front to join their regiments. No officers or enlisted men will be allowed to enter the town unless with a pass singed by order of General Johnston, Major-General Smith, or the provost-marshal. The exceptions are as follows: General officers and officers of any general staff; field officers; officers of the general staff, and all company officers and enlisted men producing evidence that they are on public duty.

By command of Major General G. W. Smith:

JASPER S. WHITING,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 62. Richmond, March 18, 1862.

* * * * *

XXI. Colonel T. R. P. Cobb's Legion, Georgia Volunteers, will return immediately to the Peninsula and report for duty to Major-General Magruder. The infantry will go by railroad to City Point, and thence by steamer to King's Mill. The cavalry, baggage wagons, &amp;c., will march to Carter's wharf and cross to Jamestown Island.

* * * * *

By command of Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]

RICHMOND, March 18, 1862.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Yorktown, Va.:

SIR: Your letter of the 15th instant is received. The order respecting martial law, to which you refer, was made in exact conformity to your former recommendation on that subject, and it is a matter of regret that any want of particularity in specifying what was required should now render a change necessity. The Secretary of War, however, now authorizes you to extend the terms of the order promulgated, as requested in your letter, to the country of James City, Va.

Very respectfully, &c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[9.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, March 18, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER,

Commanding, Norfolk, Va.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 17th instant I have the honor to inform you that I fully approve of your refusal to send any one North,

