HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LEWISBURG,Lewisburg, March 20, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Inclosed please find a letter addressed to me by Lieutenant-Colonel Finney, stationed at Lewisburg, commanding District of Gauley. I believe Mr. A. T. Caperton, General Chapman, and other leading men of this section have requested that martial law be declared in the adjoining counties. I think, myself, that it would have a very benefical effect.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. HETH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF GAULEY,Lewisburg, March 11, 1862.

Brigadier General H. HETH,

Commanding District of Lewisburg:

GENERAL: Although the orders issued by General Chapman to the militia have been in the hands of the colonels more than a week, no men have yet reported for duty. Colonel Henry reports to me that he has reason to believe that it is the intention of both officers and men to disregard the orders. I have made a statement of the case to General Chapman. Had I the authority, I should at once have the officers arrested. Nothing but martial law can bring about a healthy state of things in this district. I would respectfully suggest that it be at once proclaimed. A Jacksonian policy - a strong hand - a determined course, will alone meet the requirements of the times. I have the entire strength of the Twenty-second Regiment now at work upon the fortifications, but the men work reluctantly, and so little is done.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. W. FINNEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding District of Gauley.

[First indorsement.]

MARCH 27, 1862.

Declare martial law in Greenbrier and adjoining counties as may be shown necessary. The suspension of the writ is the consequence of martial law. Probate courts and courts for the trial of crimes not congnizable by courts-martial will still be necessary, and should not be interrupted.

J. D[AVIS].

[Second indorsement.]

Proclaim martial law in Greenbrier and such adjoining counties as General Heth may designate in general order.

G. W. R[ANDOLPH].

[12.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 65. Richmond, March 21, 1862.

* * * * *

XII. Captain G. G. Otey, with his light artillery company Virginia

