
it proved to be, and was repulsed. At the time of his report he was waiting for the enemy's advance. He lost a gun and three caissons.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[12.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 69. Richmond, March 26, 1862.

* * * * *

XII. Captain C. E. Flournoy's company Virginia cavalry, now at Pittsylvania Court-House, will proceed at once to Gordonsville, Va., and report to General J. E. Johnston, commanding, for duty as the tenth company, Sixth Regiment Virginia Cavalry.

* * * * *

XXX. The company of heavy artillery commanded by Captain William V. Jordan, Provisional Army, will proceed to Yorktown and report to Major-General Magruder.

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11 and 12.]
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, March 26, 1862.

Colonel A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: Information has reached me that there is a large quantity of corn and provisions along the line of the Roanoke River in Eastern North Carolina. The owners are unable to move the same for the want of the necessary transportation, and it will eighter fall intot he hands of the enemy, or, to prevent this, be destroyed. I am told that the owners are willing to give it to the Government if the authorities will cause it to be secured. It might be absorbed by that portion of our army in that section of the State (one brigade being at Weldon, and several at or near Goldsborough), and with this view I have called your attention to the matter. General Huger has been written to in relation to the subject, and in accordance with recent act of Congress to destroy if necessary to save from the enemy. Exertions, however, should be made to secure as much as possible for Government use.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

(Same to Colonel Northrop, commissary-general, &c.)

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,Camp Taylor, March 26, 1862.

The undersigned hereby assumes the command of the First Brigade. All orders and regulations heretofore existing will continue in force unless otherwise specially directed.

A. P. HILL,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army, Commanding First Brigade.

[12.]

