
current too much. Some other arrangement must be adopted - vessels or cribs. I hope you will have something done. I feel much concerned about it.

Very truly, yours,

JOSEPH R. ANDERSON.

[11.]

GOLDSBOROUGH, March 28, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: The many false reprots and abusive epithets bestowed upon me in the newspapers of this State since the fall of New Berne make me impatient ofr a reply to my letter of the 19th instant. If I am blamed by the Government for the conduct of affairs in the Department of North Carolina, surely I ought to be heard in my defense. On the contrary, if my conduct is approved common justive demands that I should be told so. I feel that until this is settled I can render no further service in the Army. I must therefore beg that immediate action be had on the letter referred tol.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General.

[9.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 18. Richmond, March 29, 1862.

I. The following proclamation is published for the information of all concerned:

PROCLAMATION.

By virtue of the power vested in my by law to declare the suspension of the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus-

I, Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States of America, do proclaim that martial law is hereby extended over the counties of Greenbrier, Pocahontas, Bath, Alleghany, Monroe, Mercer, Raleigh, Fayette, Nicholas, and Randolph, and I do proclaim the suspension of all civil jurisdiction of wills, the administration of the estates of deceased persons, the qualification of guardians, to enter decrees and orders for the partition and sale of property, to make orders concerning roads and bridges, to assess county levies, and to order the payment of county dues), and the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus in the counties aforesaid.

In faith whereof I have hereunto signed my name and set my seal this the 29th day of March, in the year 1862.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

II. Brigadier General Henry Heth is charged with the due execution of the foregoing proclamation. He will forthwith establish an efficient military police, and will enforce the following orders:

III. All distillation of spirituous liquors is positively prohibited, and the distilleries will forthwith be closed. The sale of spirituous liquors of any kind is also prohibited, and establishments for the sale thereof will be closed.

IV. All person infringing the abofe prohibition will suffer such punishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a court martial; provided that no sentence to hard labor for more than one month shall be inflicted by the sentence of a regimental court-martial as directed by the Sixty-seventh Article of War.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[12.]

