SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 72. Richmond, March 29, 1862.

* * * * *

XIV. Captain James O. Hensley's company Virginia Volunteers will proceed without delay to Norfolk, Va., and report for duty to Major-General Huger, commanding.

* * * * *

XXXI. Colonel J. Lucius Davis is assigned to the command of the Wise Cavalry. He will proceed with the following companies to Yorktown and report for duty to Major-General Magruder, viz: The Caskie Rangers, Albemarle Rangers, Pate's Rangers, Hawley's company, Wise's Legion, Sussex Cavalry, Shields' Dragoons (independent companies).

* * * * *

XXXIIII. Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Richardson, commanding Forty-sixth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, will proceed to Yorktown with the following companies and report for duty to Major-General Magruder, viz: Companies A, B, C, and H, Forty-sixth Regiment Virginia Volunteers; Company I, Fifty-ninth Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., March 29, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Department of Norfolk:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 27th instant with its inclosure was received. In reply I have to say that the proclamation of the President and the instructions of the War Department do not require for their enforcement any other officer than a provost-marshal with a proper guard to act as a military police, and a court-martial to try persons arrested by the guard. The case of the establishment of martial law in our own country for the purpose of defense and public security does not require the same organization as in employed in a foreign city in the military occupancy of a hostile force. There is therefore no necessity for a military and civl governor, and you will abolish that office and appoint one or more provost-marshals, with such deputies as may be necessary, with power, by the use of a military police and such part of the ordinary police as it may be found desirable to employ, to enforce all orders and regulations issued or approved by you for the purpose of preserving order and placing and maintaining your department in the best condition for purpose of defense and generally to accomplish, the objects which it was the intention to secure by the establishment of martial law. All civil rights of individuals as between themselves, arising under the State or minicipal laws, can only be enforced whenever the jurisdiction of the civil shall be restored; those rights will become the subject of the military jurisdiction only when they affect the measures taken by your authority for the general purposes above stated. All such measures will be executed by the provost-marshal and his guard, and offenders against your orders or those issued under your authority, and all persons arrested on any other charge affecting the public security, will be tried by the court to be appointed by you. You will also bear in mind that the civil and not the criminal jurisdiction of the State is suspended, and that offenders

