
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., February 16, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

SIR: Roanoke Island and part of North Carolina having been captured by the enemy, I have to make arrangements to prevent their approach from the south, as heretofore reported. This new state of affairs requires a new arrangement of brigades in my department. The First Brigade will remain as at present, the country on James River west of the Nansemond and north of the Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad; the Second Brigade, the country east of Elizabeth River, and extending southeast of the Dismal Swamp in Virginia and North Carolina; the Third Brigade, the country between Elizabeth and Nansemond Rivers, and extending southward through the Dismal Swamp to Elizabeth City, N. C.; the Fourth Brigade, Suffolk and the part of Virginia and North Carolina south and west of it and east of the Chowan and Blackwater Rivers; Fifth Brigade, the country between the Roanoke and Chowan, south of the Seaboard Railroad. This arrangement divides the brigade heretofore assigned to Brigadier-General Wise, who has left only a few hundred men of his legion. The rest are captured or dispersed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[9.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, March 31, 1862.

Brigadier General R. C. GATLIN,

Goldsborough, N. C.:

SIR: Your letter of the 19th instant has been submitted to me by the Adjutant-General. In reply, I have the honor to inform you that you were relieved from duty on your own official representation that the state of your health was such as to prevent your taking the field. This was the reason assigned in the order relieving you of your command, and no reflection has been cast upon you in any communication from this Department.

Very respectfully,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[9.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 74. Richmond, April 1, 1862.

* * * * *

VII. Captain Robertson's company heavy artillery, near this city, will proceed without delay to Norfolk, Va., and report to Major-General Huger for duty.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]

[APRIL 1 and 2, 1862.- For reports of Commissary-General and Quartermaster-General C. S. Army, relative to losses of stores incurred at Roanoke Island and on the line of the Potomac, see Series IV.]

