
necessity of observing the strictest economy and accountability in the expediture of public money or in the use of the credit of the State. No expeditures will be made unless duly authorized, nor will they assume the respondibility of incurring any expense or of suing the credit of the State unless the necessities of the case re so clear and imperative as not to admit of the delay of referring tot he proper authority. Records and vouchers must be made and preserved for all expeditures or uses of the delay of referring tot he proper authority. Records and vouchers must be made and preserved for all expeditures or uses of the credit of the State, specifying the nature and necessity of the service for which they were maede. They will keep all expeditures in the subsistence department (food fort he men only) distinct from those fothe quartemaster's deaprtment, which embraces shelter for men and hourses, transportation, forage, stationery, and like subjects. As soon as the exigencies of the service will permit the officers and agents of the disbursing deaprtments of the service will be supplied with the necessary blank forms fort he proper performance of their duties.

By command of Major- General Lee:

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant- General.

[2.]

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF DIVISION, Numbers 5. Richmond, Va., April 29, 1861.

Colonel John B. Magruder will assume command of all the artillery serviing in and about Richmond, Va.

By order of General Johnston:

L. L. LOMAX,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

General ROBERT E. LEE:

SIR: Permit me to call your attention to the fact that there are some parts of the marchinery at Harper's Ferry- for instance, that portion adapted to stocking and fifling the guns and profiling machines- which it would be exceedingly difficult to have replaced in case of their loss. I would resepcrfully suggest the removal of such machines beyond the reach of danger at the earliest possible moment. I can add that these machines are of a lighter kind and hence the easiest moved, and also the easiest destroyed with a sledte hammer in the hands of a strong man. I am ready to serve you, if you desire it, in selecting with the aid of the master armorer and in removing it.

I am, sir, truly, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. MORSE.

[2.]

NORFOLK, April 29, 1861.

Major- Geneal GWYNN,

Commanding Fourth Mil. Div. Virginia, Hdqrs. Norfolk, Va.:

SIR: I have just taken possession of 53, 000 percussin caps at the jail in this city, subject to your requisition onCommodore Forrest. There are also in the same place 18,200 caps for Colt revolvers as also at your disposal by requisition on the commodore.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. B. FAIRFAX,

Inspector of Ordnance.

[2.]

