
infantry if they are in your way. Double teams whenever necessary and make as much progress as practicable. Should you not get here report the point where you bivouac.

Very respectfully,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Our quarters are at the hotel. Colonel Walton is with me as I write, and sends his regards to his battalion.

G. M. S.

[12.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., April 10, 1862.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia:

SIR: I beg to tender you my thanks for the offer of the French brass 32-pounders to be placed in the batteries around Richmond. The Government will be glad to have those guns when carriages can be procured for them; but there are a number of cannon in the batteries already which have not been mounted, owing to the pressure for carriages elsewhere.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[11.]

SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., April 11, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

As supplemental to the report made to you from this office on the 1st instant,* under Senate resolution of inquiry, I have the honor now to add that by information just received it is ascertained that in the falling back of the forces under General Jackson, constituting the Left Wing of the Army of the Potomac, no stores whatever were lost.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[12.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 5. Richmond, Va., April 11, 1862.

The following order of the Governor of the State is promulgated for the information and guidance of all concerned:

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, VIRGINIA,Richmond, April 11, 1862.

The whole militia of the State having been called into service by proclamation of the Governor of March 10, 1862, such volunteers as refuse to re-enlist and are discharged from service fall at once into the militia, and must be immediately drafted into service at the points of rendezvous where such volunteers are discharged, and, if practicable, into the same companies of which they lately belonged.

By command:

WM. H. RICHARDSON,

Adjutant-General.

By order of General Lee:

T. A. WASHINGTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]

---------------

*See Series IV.

---------------

