HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Suffolk, April 12, 1862.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: An officer I sent to inquire into the condition of things on the Roanoke River and Weldon informs me that the guns which were placed in battery on the Roanoke River at Hamilton have been removed to Fayetteville, or were then about to be. The order for their removal came from General Holmes and Colonel Gorgas. Immediately on taking command of this division, as soon as I could obtain information I directed a force for the battery to be sent from this weakened command, which in all probability would have answered a temporary purpose. There is evidently some misunderstanding on the part of General Holmes as to his command or orders were sent to Weldon without consulting your department. A short time since a regiment of cavalry sent for duty in this division and much needed between the Roanoke River and Elizabeth City, and an entire battery probably lost to your department, has been ordered out of it without, I am led to imply, consulting your department. I would like to know by whose authority the regiment and battery have left this division, in order that I may have some idea of what becomes of the troops and property placed under my command and which you very properly hold me responsible for.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding, &c.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,April 14, 1862.

These guns have been removed without giving me any notice. By Special Orders, Numbers 45, the counties on the Roanoke River near Weldon were annexed to this department, and by Special Orders, Numbers 66, the North Carolina cavalry was ordered to Weldon. This regiment has never reported to me.

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

APRIL 17, 1862.

Respectfully referred to General Lee. The orders to which General Loring refers in this letter were not issued from this office, but in all probability were the orders of General Holmes.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[11.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., April 12, 1862.

His Excellency Henry T. CLARK,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: Your letter of the 3rd instant to the President having been referred to me for reply, I have the honor to inform you that previous to the arrival of the arms at Raleigh (mentioned in your letter) three

