
the Secretary of War; or shall I report to General Johnston, and where? I respectfully ask for instructions on these points, and am,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

[11.]

RICHMOND, April 15, 1862.

Brigadier General Henry A. WISE,

Richmond:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to inform you in reply to your letter of the 14th instant that the regiment of Colonel John H. Richardson, formerly in your legion, will be immediately assigned to you. Another regiment, as suggested by yourself, which is now organizing under Lieutenant-Colonel Tyler, will also be assigned to you, with such other disposable force as may be necessary, in which preference will be given to the infantry formerly in the legion, as soon as the exigencies of the service will admit of their being brought together. You can superintend the organization of the regiment here until your presence in the field is required, or, if you prefer, can assume the command of that portion of your brigade now in the Peninsula.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[11.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 87. Richmond, April 16, 1862.

* * * * *

VII. Captain B. F. Benton's company, the Texas Invincibles, is temporarily attached to the First Regiment Texas Volunteers, and will report accordingly to Major-General Magruder, commanding Army of the Peninsula, at Yorktown, Va.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]

NAVY DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, April 16, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: For your information I communicate the following as the substance of the orders issued to Flag-Officer Tattnall: He has been ordered to keep himself informed of the enemy's movements in the Roads, to destroy his transports, to prevent him from crossing or ascending James River, and to render his squadron as destructive and formidable to the enemy as practicable.

If the military operations on the Peninsula can, in your judgment, be better supported or assisted by further or different orders, with due regard to the protection of Norfolk, you will please indicate your views. General Magruder's dispatch is herewith returned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

