
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, NORTH CAROLINA,

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Raleigh, April 16, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding Department of North Carolina, Goldsborough, N. C.:

GENERAL: On account of the large amount of sickness among the regiments in camp here, none of them are in condition to move for the present. Not more than one-half of the command reported for duty. Under these circumstances it is not advisable to move them in their present condition. The State has no arms to furnish to any of the regiments to be turned over to you; hardly enough here for the guard duty of the camp - indifferent arms at that. The regiment at Wilmington will elect their field officers in a day or two, and are put under the orders of General French. He wrote here for arms. I informed him that none can be furnished by the State. Be pleased to inform me when you can arm that regiment, and at the same time when you will be ready to arm another one; and one at a time will be sent to you as fast as you can arm them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. MARTIN,

Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Goldsborough, April 17, 1862.

None of the troops at Raleigh have been ordered to me, but a battalion that was here on my arrival has been ordered to Raleigh by the Government, and subsequently to Wilmington, without my authority, and where they were not wanted.

Respectfully referred to the Adjutant-General

TH. H. HOLMES,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to General Lee.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Third indorsement.]

General Martin written to.

Respectfully returned.*

R. E. LEE,

General.

[9.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, April 16, 1862.

JOHN GRAEME, Jr., Esq.,

Agent Southern Associated Press, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Your letter of the 15th instant has been received. If the commanding general in the Peninsula has no objection, a correspondent may be sent thither, but ball communications for the press must be submitted for the approbation of the general in command.

Respectfully,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[11.]

---------------

*See Lee to Martin, April 19, VOL. IX, p. 459.

---------------

