HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL FORCES,Near Jones' Field, April 20, 1862.

Brigadier General A. P. HILL,

Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: From the accompanying order, by direction of the major-general commanding, it will be seen that you are charged with completing and repairing the works along his entire line. To this end you will employ the whole avaible force in the trenches, and when necessary will call on any of the commanders along the line for additional details. The general commanding desires you to have the water in the trenches carried off by drains, or, when this is impracticable, by dipping. He further directs that you have slats laid across the trenches near the bottom, so as to afford some kind of dry footing for the troops in them. The boards of any old house in the neighborhood will answer for this object. In progressing with your works, the general commanding desires that at any good point for artillery that your eye may detect, you will make prepatation for putting several pieces in position, as it is his desing thus to dispose some twenty pieces along his line.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 93. Richmond, April 23, 1862.

* * * * *

X. The eight companies of Colonel Tansill's regiment Virginia artillery, on duty at the heavy batteries near this city, will proceed by the way of Hanover Junction to report to Brigadier General C. W. Field, commanding, &amp;c., near Fredericksburg, Va.

By command of the Secretary of War:

R. H. CHILTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., April 24, 1862.

General J. G. MARTIN,

Adjutant-General North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 22nd instant is received. It is very gratifying to hear how well the people of North Carolina are responding to the call of the President, and I am glad to find that you have not limited your efforts to raising the number designated in the requisition of the Secretary of War, as I think we shall require more than the quota of every State. Your own appointment tot he command of the division at Raleigh affords a gratyfing assurance of what may be expected of the efficiency of the troops when brought into the field. I hope that the efforts being made to procure arms in your State may be vigorously prosecuted, as it is impossible for me to spare any for your trooos. There is such pressing need of arms at several points where our men are in the presence of the enemy, that all that can be procured are immediately taken up and there is need of more. For this reason I cannot promise you any arms from Fayetteville at this time. There are, however, several cargoes reported to be afloat, and the arrival of

