
which in some of our ports is anxiously expected. These will afford us great relief, and whatever I can procure for your troops from this source or any other you may rely upon receiving.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[9.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., RESERVE CORPS, Numbers 47. Eagle's Farm, April 24, 1862.

The numerical designation of the brigades of the First Division, Reserve Corps, will be as follows: First Brigade, Brigadier-General Hood; Second Brigade, Colonel Wade Hampton; Third Brigade, Brigadier-General Whiting.

By command of Brigadier-General Whiting:

JAMES H. HILL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]

RICHMOND, VA., April 25, 1862.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

SIR: I respectfully request that you will examine the inclosed communication to the Secretary of War and call the attention of both himself and General Lee to its contents. I will await further and definite orders in reply.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, VA., April 24, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: On the 19th of February, 1862, I received Special Orders, Numbers 40, paragraph 18, dated February 18, with the legion under my then present command, excepting the light battery companies, to "proceed with the least practicable delay to Manassas and report to General J. E. Johnston, commanding Department of Northern Virginia." I immediately replied asking explanations of the order, which explanations were given by letter of Mr. Benjamin, then Secretary of War, dated February 23, saying that the disaster at Roanoke Island having reduced my command below the number necessary for a brigade, General Huger had notified the Department that I was 'supernumerary" in his department; that General Johnston was urgent with the President deemed it advisable that the remainder of my legion should be sent to the Army of the Potomac in order to replace a regiment of North Carolina cavalry, and to order me to the same army, in order that General Johnston might assign to me the command of a brigade, thus enabling the President to retain me in the service without loss of rank in the only manner allowed by law. And in this letter also the Secretary accorded to me a leave of absence for twenty days. At the end of the twenty days I came on to Richmond and reported for duty, but found the legion under my command ordered to special duties at various places, of which special orders to my subordinates I had received no notice wheatever. I

