
order was pending upon me to report to General Johnston, and that he would write to General Johnston, declining to issue orders himself to me. Again this morning I called on General Lee to report an order from Governor Letcher to the second class of the Virginia militia aiding the formation of my brigade, and to ask that the Sixtieth Regiment of Virginia Volunteers, sent to Fredericksburg, and the battalion under Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Richardson, of the Forty-sixth Virginia Volunteers, now at Yorktown or Gloucester Point, might be united either at the one place or the other and assigned to my command. he informed me that he porposed to send the Sixtieth Regiment back to Western Virginia, and said that he considered the order for me to report to General Johnston as extant. This but increases my embarrassment, and I respectfully ask that you will refer this full statement to General Lee and confer with him, so that the organization of and orders to my brigade may correspond; that my brigade may be organized, to aid which I inclose the order from Governor Letcher, referred to, and that I may receive positive and definite orders to assume my proper command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

[Sub-inclosure.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, VIRGINIA,

Richmond, April 24, 1862.

Captain JOHN B. DANFORTH,

Senior Captain, Commanding Second-Class Militia of the City of Richmond:

You will imemdiately issue orders to the second-class militia of your command at once to hold themselves in readiness for active duty. Place of rendezvous will be appointed, and you will cause the men of each company to be ordered to provide themselves with necessaries for service. Arms will be furnished when the force is assembled at the rendezvous. Further orders will be issued when it is ready for service. It will be assigned as a part of the force under the command of General Henry A. Wise.

By command:

WILLIAM H. RICHARDSON,

Adjutant-General.

(Copies of Captain O. H. Hobson, Petersburg; Captain Jacob Vickery, Norfolk City; Captain David J. Turner, Portsmouth; Captain Hugh Scott, Fredericksburg, will be sent when practicable.)

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS,Lee's Farm, April 25, 1862.

Colonel WALTON,

Commanding Washington Artillery:

COLONEL: The general commanding requests me to detail from your command Captain Rosser, with his battery, for duty temporarily with General Toombs' brigade. Will you, therefore, if you please, direct Captain Rosser to proceed with his battery as soon as possible to General Toombs' headquarters and report for duty, with the further

