HEADQUARTERS,Diascond Bridge, May 6, 1862 - 5.30 a. m.

Colonel J. B. WALTON,

Commanding Washington Artillery, near Forge Bridge:

SIR: I am instructed by General Jones, commanding, to direct you not to move forward until further orders. If the infantry should march forward to-day you will be informed in time to keep in advance. General Johnston reports that there was a severe skirmish at Williamsburg yesterday, engaging the whole of General Longstreet's division, as well as the rear guard. No particulars.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 6, 1862.

Colonel walton will move forward and halt his command at or near the forks of the road near the Forge Bridge, keeping on the right-hand road. The infantry has been ordered back to the Burnt Ordinary in obedience to instructions from General Johnston, the enemy being in hot pursuit. Your command has not been ordered back in consequence of the impassable state of the roads.

By command of Brigadier General D. R. Jones:

A. COWARD,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 6, 1862 - 10.30 p. m.

[Colonel J. B. WALTON,

Commanding Battalion Washington Artillery:]

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that your command and that of Colonel Cabell be held in their present positions until further orders, unless you have positive reason to believe that their safety is endangered. In this case you will cross the river. You will keep the Kentucky regiment with you. The enemy is landing in very heavy force at West Point, and the two brigades of this division (Toombs' and Anderson's) have been moved to the neighborhood of Barhamsville to support General Smith. A battle may come off to-morrow at that place.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

A. COWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS,Barhamsville, May 7, 1862.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: The enemy has a large fleet of gun-boats (seven iron clads) and transports at West Point. He has been landing troops and artillery under his guns, but in a position in which we cannot reach him. The want of provision and of any mode of obtaining it here, still more the dearth of forage, makes it impossible to wait to attack

