
him while landing. The sight of the iron-clad boats makes me apprehensive for Richmond, too, so I move on in two columns, one by the New Kent road under Major-General Smith, the other by that of the Chickahominy under Major-General Longstreet. The battles of Williamsburg seem to have prevented the enemy from following from that direction. All the prisoners were of Heintzelman's corps, except a few of the last, who said they belonged to Sumner's. Fresh troops seemed to be arriving upon the field continual during the day.

Yours, most respectfully,

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Barhamsville, May 7, 1862 - 7 a. m.

Colonels Walton and Cabell and the wagon trains of this command will move forward, crossing at either the Long Bridge or the Forge Bridge. It might be better to divide the trains and go by both roads.

By command of Brigadier General D. R. Jones:

A. COWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 7, 1862.

Brigadier General Henry A. WISE,

Richmond, Va.;

GENERAL: I have just received your note reporting for duty. General Beauregard, under date of the 4th instant, in reply to my telegram to him, says he can assign you to a brigade. I should prefer you to retain your command in Virginia, where I believe you can do good service, and where, I presume, it would be more agreeable for you to serve. The cavalry companies in North Carolina belonging to Colonel Davis' regiment have been ordered to join him and I believe that regiment will be complete. I am not informed what progress Colonel Richardson has made in filling up his regiment, but I hope it is near completion. These two regiments, and Colonel Tyler's in process of organization, can be assigned to your command, and your influence and popularity would materially aid in hastening their completion. If, however, you prefer service in Mississippi, I will assign you to duty there, but I think it right to inform you that this may involve the question [of] recommissioning you under the act of the 6th of March, 1861, and which I am not prepared to decide.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 9, 1862.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have received information by telegraph this morning from Major A. W. Harman, assistant quartermaster at Staunton, that General Jackson's advanced forces engaged the enemy (Milroy) near McDowell, on Sitlington's Hill, at 5 p. m. yesterday, and after four

