
hours' fighting drove them back in confusion on McDowell. We had no artillery. Winder's brigade not in action. Our troops encamped on battle-field. Artillery gotten in position, and ready to renew fight. Three gun-boats entered James River on yesterday. One iron-clad attacked battery at Day's Point. It is reported battery was silenced. Enemy yesterday attacked Sewell's Point battery. Retired on approach of Virginia. These movements of enemy supposed to be caused by information derived from a Captain Bias, who deserted with his tugboat and crew and went to Fort Monroe yesterday. Every preparation is being made that is possible to contest theascent of James River by enemy's boats. Nothing heard of their farther advance since yesterday.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[11 and 12.]

CAPTAIN SELDEN'S, May 9, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

I am directed by General Magruger to report that a courier who left Diascond bridge yesterday at 2 o'clock says that General Hill, who brought up the rear of the army, had crossed Forge Bridge; the Yankees about two miles in the rear. General Hill told the courier that his loss in the battle of Monday was a little less than 500 killed and wounded. General Magruger will be at Bottom's Bridge to-night, where it is suposed that the army will concentrate and make a stand if the Yankees offer battle.

Resopectfully, &amp;c.,

WILIAM NORRIS,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

[11.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 108. Richmond, May 10, 1862.

* * * * *

III. The following officers will constitute the staff of General Robert E. Lee, commanding general, C. S. Army: Colonel A. L. Long, military secretary; Majs. W. H. Taylor, T. M. R. Talcott, Charles S. Venable, Charles Marshall, aides.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 109. Richmond, May 12, 1862.

V. Colonel T. S. Rhett, in addition to his duties in the Ordnance Bureau, will take command of the batteries around Richmond, distribute the artillery companies ordered on that duty, and direct their armament and preparation, for which purpose he will report to Brigadier General John H. Winder. The batteries and companies assigned to the batteries will be under the command of their proper officers, and as far as possible will serve at contiguous positions. They will, while serving at the batteries,

