
WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, May 14, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER:

SIR: All members of militia companies who have been assembled under your command bu the proclamation of Governor Letcher, and who are over thirty-five years, of age, are, by virtue of an established rule of this Department, entitled to their discharge and to transportation home. You will accordingly discharge such persons and order transportation to be paid to them.

By order of the Secretary of War;

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[11.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, May 14, 1862.

SUPERINTENDENT OF THE YORK RIVER RAILROAD:

Unless it should interfere seriously with indispensable transportation of army supplies, you will furnish a locomotive to Prof. R. Wells to take his balloon to General Johnstons' headquarters. Professor Wells will indicate the hour at which it is desirable the locomotive should start. If it is impracticable to furnish a special engine, you will allow Professor Wells to attach the balloon to the first train which leaves.

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of war.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS BATTALION WASHINGTON ARTILLERY,Bivouac near Blakey's Mill-Pond, May 14, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Richmond:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that immediately upon the receipt of your order yesterday evening I dispatched Captain Miller's (Third) company with his battery of two bronze 12-pounder guns and two 14-pounder howitzers (iron) to the point indicated, directing him to take position either at Chaffin's Bluff or opposite the obstructions at Warwick Bar, giving him instructions as to the object and of the particular service required. He has selected the bluff as being the best position, where he is now awaiting the approach of the enemy.

Very respectfully,

J. B. WALTON,

Colonel of Artillery, Commanding.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, May 14, 1862.

[Colonel J. B. WALTON,

Commanding Battalion Washington Artillery:]

COLONEL: By direction of General Lee, I write to say that General Johnston has requested that orders be issued for you to return to the army and report to him with your commandfor duty. The battery sent to Chaffin's Bluff willm for the present, remain where it is now stationed. You are desired to proceed with the balance and report to General Johnston, commanding, &amp;c.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, yours, &c.,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

