
and none will be issued except upon his order direct, or through this office, as he may find most convenient. The adjutant- general will call upon General Lee in person and explain to him what has been the course of sissues heretofore under the laws of the State.

By command:

WM. H. RICHARDSON,

Adjutant-General.

[2.]

NORFOLK, April 30, 1861.

General R. E. LEE,

Commander- in- Chief:

Captain Fairfax, inspector of ordnance of the navy, has been desired by the general commanding the military diistrict to restore to this yard the guns, six in number, now on board a vessel destined for Baltimore via Albemarle Sound, and informed that no guns will be sent to Maryland without his 9the general's) order. This conflicts with the order per telegram of Governor Letcher to me of 28th instant requiring the guns to be sent according tot he direction of Mr. Parks, acting as agent for Adjutant-Geneal Thomas, of Maryland. These directions contemplate the sendig of fotry- nine heavy guns. Your instructions are requested to prevent a conflict between the military and naval authorities here.

F. FORREST,

Commandnt.

[2.]

LYNCHBURG, VA., April 30, 1861 - 11 p. m.

Major- General LEE,

Commander- in- Chief Virginia Forces:

SIR: Having found an altogether unexpected condition of things on my arrival aqt this post, viz, the presence of Confederate Army oficrs sent here to perform forthe troops (expected to arrive fromt he South) the same duty assigned to me by your orders, I detemined, onconsiderations of econonm, y, to co- operate with those gentlemen, giving them the precedence, and assisting them in their arrangements, as far as I could, inasmuch as they were spending their own money./ At the same time, however, I placed myself in an attitutde for instrucitons by informing you, by telegraph, of my situation. In my orderz the expressin "Troops that might arrive from time to time and report to you" was used. That expression may refer to Virginia troops, and that is a point upon which I have been awiting instructions, not being willing to use the credit of the State unnecessarily. A letter of instrucions was promised me in a disptach from the adjutant- general, but none came. I shall, therfore, under the apprehensin that troops falling especially under my care may arrive at any time, proceed to carry out the arrangements which were suspended on acount of the considerations above mentioned. It would greatly facilitte me in this work to know about what nubmer I had to provide for. I take this course, feeling confidnet that if tit does not meet with your approbation I shall be able to turn over all stores for which I may become liable to the Confederate authorities here.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient srvant,

D. A. LANGHORNE,

Colonel, Virginia Volunteers.

[2.]

