
all the force you have left as promptly as possible. He will follow in force on the enemy's rear. Please report hourly your advance and circumstances. Hot skirmish just concluded here, with many horses and prisoenrs taken from enemy's rear guard. Acknowledge receipt of this.

Repectfully, &amp;c.,

R. L. DABNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[12.]

MAY 24, 1862.

Major-General EWELL:

GENERAL: Major-General Jackson, on receipt of the two letters from General Steuart, desires that the cavalry and infantry supports he desires e sent him. To this end he requests that you will cause the cavalry to turn over their prisoenrs to such infantry corps as you judge convenient. In re-enforcing he desires that you will send forward all the cavalry that can be gotten; that your inafntry be prepared to march at once, of which preparation please make report as soon as it is practicabl. But the general commanding does not wish any infantry to actually move till further orders from him. Please instruct General Steuart to use his own dscretion as to advancing, but if he advances toward Winchester to picket well on his left, and guard against a heavy force of the enemy on that quarter.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. L. DABNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]

Captain Brown goes to F[ront] R[oyal] to attend to the prisoners and cavalry part of above. Colonel Scott will furnish the guard for the prisoners.

R. S. EWELL,

Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]

The Second Brigade having been assigned to my command, Colonel Scott will furnish the guard required by General Ewell.

A. ELZEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[12.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT, Numbers 53. May 26, 1862.

Within four weeks this army has made long and rapid marches, fought six combats and two battles, signally defeating the enemy in each one, captured several stand of colors and pieces of artillery, with numerous prisoners and vast medical, ordnance, and army stores, and finally driven the boastful host which was ravaging our beautiful country into utter rout. The general commanding would warmly express to the officers and men under his command his joy in their achievements and his thanks for their brilliant allantry in action, and their patient obedience under the hardships of forced marches, often more painful to the brave soldier than the dangerous of battle. The explanation of the severe exertions to which the commanding general

