
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIRST CORPS, Numbers 80. May 31, 1862.

Colonel Austin Smith, of Virginia, is announced to this command as an aide-de-camp to the brigadier-geneal commanding. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Brigadier-General Whiting:

JAMES H. HILL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS BATTALION WASHINGTON ARTILLERY,June 1, 1862.

Captain SQUIRES:

CAPTAIN: You will proceed at once with your battery (two 3-inch rifles and two 6-pounders) to the Old Tavern on the New Bridge road and report at Mrs. Price's to Colonel Griffin, of General Griffin's brigade, to reach that point by daylight, so as to be ready then to open fire.

Yours, &amp;c.,

J. B. WALTON.

[11.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, June 2, 1862.

To the ARMY OF RICHMOND:

I render to you my grateful acknowledgment for the gallantry and good conduct you displayed in the battles of the 31st of May and 1st instant, and with pride and pleasure recognize the steadiness and intrepidity with which you attacked the enemy in position, captured his advanced intrenchments, several batteries of artillery, and many standards, and everywhere drove him from the open field. At a part of your operations it was my fortune to be present. On no other occasion have I witnessed more of calmness and good order than you exhibit while advancing into the very jaws of death, and nothing could exceed the prowess with which you closed upon the enemy when a sheet of fire was blazing in your faces. In the renewed struggle in which you are on the eve of engaging I ask, and can desire, but a continuance of the same conduct which now attracts the admiration and pride of the loved ones you have left at home. You are fighting for all that is dearest to men; and, though opposed to a foe who disregards many of the usages of civilized war, your humanity to the wounded and the prisoners was the fit and crowning glory to your valor. Defenders of a just cause, may God have you in His holy keeping!

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

The general will cause the above to be read to the troops under his command.

[11.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 127. Richmond, June 3, 1862.

* * * * *

VI. Colonel G. C. Gibbs, at Salisbury, N. C., will move to Richmond with one-half of his regiment with the least practicable delay, leaving the other half until relieved by Captain Godwin's command, when the other half will also repair to Richmond.

* * * * *

