
RICHMOND, June 5, 1862.

Captain A. C. GODWIN,

Salisbury, N. C.:

The writ of abeas corpus is suspended in the city of Salisbury, N. C., and for one miles in the surrounding country. You will deliver no prisoner to the civil authorities.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[9.]

DREWRY'S BLUFF, June 6, 1862.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President, Richmond, Va.:

Your telegram just received.* The enemy's vessels are reported to be not nearer than fifteen miles of this place. I have a line of vedettes and small cavalry posts down to a mile and a half of the mouth of the Appomattox, and a regiment armed partly with Enfield rifles along the banks six miles below here. The obstructions arenot thought to be seriously injured, although the depth of water flowing over them is much increased. The bridge of boats for the time is broken up, resulting from dragging the anchors of the boats. The boats can be replaced and the bridge re-established in a short time when the water has subsided.

J. G. WALKER,

Brigadier-General.

[11.]

SCOTSVILLE, June 6, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Confederate States of America:

SIR: The river began rising here yesterday morning, and by 8 o'clock to-day the whole countrywas inundated, having been the largest freshet since 1847. The packet-boats due here from Richmond and Lynchburg have neither of them arrived, and I cannot therefore be apprised of the damage that has been done the canal. If the condition of the canal will permit it, I respectfully suggest the propriety of removing the boat to or near Lynchburg. From that point the goods might be transported by rail; or, if nothing fourth happen to the canal it will make but a few hours difference in time, which can be readily made up by the difference in the transmission of intelligence. I very much fear that wemay have a still greater overflow. It continuous to rain, with very little abatement in the flood. Please inform me by telegraph or otherwise your views upon the subject. I send a copy of this letter via Charlottesville, not knowing when the regular mail may pass through again.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. D. GRONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

If the boat can get to Lynchburg the boxes had better be brought back by railroad.

G. W. R.

[11.]

---------------

* See Davis to Walker, June 6, VOL. XI, Part III, p. 579.

---------------

