
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, June 6, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES:

GENERAL: I have been reliably informed that there is a considerable quantity of cotton in the county of Hertford, which may be seized by the enemy at any time. If it has not already come to the enemy's knowledge that this cotton is within their reach, such information will no doubt be conveyed to them, which will tempt them to invade the county where it is, and it may then be too late to effectually destroy it. In the town of Mursfreesborough and vicinity I am informed there are several hundred bales. In the town of Winton and vicinity I am informed there are probably as many as 300 or 400 bales, probably more than that number. At a little village called Harrellsville I am also informed that there are as many as 700 bales of cotton, though it is said to be hid about in the woods and swamps. There may be also some cotton in or near Colerain, Bertie County, but I am not informed that there is. Murfreesborough is twelve miles from Winton by land, and about eighteen or twenty miles by water. It is situated on the Meherrin, which empties in the Chowan about hald a mile this side of Winton. This river is from twenty to twenty-five feet deep from its mouth up to the town of Murfreesborogh. Winton is immediately on the Chowan, and the cotton there is likely to be seized at any time. Harrellsville is just twelve mils from Winton by land, and about the same distance by water, though not immediately on the Chowan. It is about two miles and a half from the river. Colerain is about twenty miles from Harrellsville and immediately on the Chowan. I acquiant you of these facts so that you may take such steps as will best serve to prevent it from falling into the enemy's hans.

Very erspectfully, yours,

HENRY T. CLARK.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, June 6, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Daniel, who will take immediate measures to have the cotton destroyed, using citizens or soldiers at his discretion.

T. H. HOLMES,

Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADES, DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA,Garysburg, N. C., June 8, 1862.

Captain Cowles, commanding company First Cavalry, will take immediate steps to have this cotton destroyed, if it has not been already burned, agreeably to order previously received from these headquarters. Also, if practicable, a lot of cotton which I am informed is at a place called Riddicksville.

JUNIUS DANIEL.

[9.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 132. Richmond, June 9, 1862.

* * * * *

VIII. Captain G. A. Martin; s independent artillery company (Saint Brides Artillery), now serving withthe Fourteenth Regiment Virginia

