
Voluntees, will report for duty to Colonel T. S. Rhett, commanding the batteries, &amp;c., Richmond.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]

BANKS OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,

Essex County, June 9, 1862.

Yesterday twenty-three steamers and sail vessels in town passed up the river. To-day one, a very large steamer, the S. America, returned, crowded with men, I should judge from 1,000 to 1,200. Others will probably pass down in the course of the evening. They are no doubt a part of the army of McDowell, at Fredericksburg, destined to re-enforce McClellan at Richmond. It may be of value to our Government to be advised of these facts.

G. W. LEWIS.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

June 14, 1862.

This copy of a memorandum is respectfully submitted to His Excellency the President by direction of General S. Cooper, with the remark that it was handed in by the Honorable R. M. T. Hunter, who vouches for the reliability of the writer.

Respectfully,

JOHN WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,June 9, 1862.

Brigadier-General BLANCHARD,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Longstreet to call your attention to the importanceof interrupting, as far as practicable, the enemy's working parties. Whenever they are heard or discovered, they should be at once driven away. They will, however, in most cases be covered by parties of infantry, and the movement of your parties should be made with this knowledge and with corresponding care.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]

RICHMOND, June 10, 1862.

Governor SHORTER,

Montgomery, Ala.:

The Secretary is advised by Governor Letcher that you have twenty-two unarmed companies which you can send to General Jackson if they can be armed here. The Secretary desires you will send them by railroad to this city, where they will be armed.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[11.]

