
received. Order General Holmes to disband such companies as cannot be made efficient by discharging all not liable to conscription and by transferring the conscripts to the old regiments. Such companies as promise well he may attach to regiments needing companies to complete them or may organize a battalion.

G. W. R.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,June 16, 1862.

General WISE:

GENERAL: Captain Martyn has been assigned to your command. The Fifty-sixth Virginia has not yet reported at my camp. My loss on the 31st May was 2,936, and more than that number are sick or absent without leave. I am very anxious to fill up the chasm and hope that the Fifty-sixth will report soon. The Yankees are working like beavers at their heavy batteries, and expect to hammer us out with their heavy artillery. We all fell great solicitude about your position. I hope that you have rifle-pits and abatis and every contrivance to guard the key to Richmond.

Very truly, yours,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

[11.]
HDQRS. BATTLN. WASHINGTON ARTY. OF NEW ORLEANS,June 16, 1862.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: On the 25th of April last at Lee's farm, on the Peninsula, the general commanding directed General Pendleton, chief of artillery, "to detail from my command Captain Rosser with his battery for duty temporarily with General Toombs' brigade." This company, the second company of this battalion, has since that date been constantly on duty with that brigade, for the greater part of the time on outpost. Application, based upon the unusually long detached service, was made some time since to have this company relieved, and on the 11th of this month only were they permitted to return to camp, and then only under the direction of the following recited order:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN VIRGINIA ARMY, Numbers -. Thomas House, June 12, 1862.

Captain Rosser's battery will proceed to its encampment for repairs and rest. When the repairs are completed, he will rejoin his brigade, reporting to General Toombs and there headquarters.

By order of Colonel Cabell:

RICHARD M. VENABLE,Adjutant.

The Battalion of Washington Artillery, an organized battalion in New Orleans before the war, was tendered to the Confederate States for the war under its then organization, and was mustered directly into the service as a battalion. Upon the arrival of thiscommand at Richmond in June, 1861, I was directed by General Lee to report with my battalion to the general commanding the Army of the Potomac (General Beauregard), to whomI continued to report and from whom I received all orders until General Johnston assumed command of the Army of Northern Virginia, when I reported to him and from him

