
received my orders. For the convenience of the march, on falling back from Manassas, I was directed to report temporarily to General Longstreet, to whom I continued to report until the army fell back from the Peninsula. Since that period I have received no orders from any headquarters except occassionally an order through Brigadier-General Pendleton, chief of artillery, assigning a battery to outposts or special duty. I respectfully submit that after the service which has been rendered by this battalion, and for the maintenance of its organization as it came into the field, through which only can its efficiency by maintained, I should be permitted to continue to report and to receive my orders as heretofore, and I most respectfully request that it may be hereafter established and understood that the batteries of this battalion are not to be detached for any other temporary service with any brigade. I cannot under my organization and the condictions of my enlistment consent to the dismemberment of this battalion by admitting that any companyof it belongs to any brigade or may be taken from my command. Were this admitted, the result would necessarily be, for the partiality which exists for my batteries, that the batteries would be dissolved and I deprived of my command.

Respectfully requesting that you will present this subject to the consideration of General Lee for such action in the premises as he may deem just and best, I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. WALTON,

Colonel of Artillery, Commanding.

P. S.- If General Lee deems it advisable, I will be well satisfied if ordered to continue to report to General Longstreet, who, I am sure, knowing the battalion well, will consider the best interests of the service in considering those of the battalion.

J. B. W.

[11.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 139. Richmond, June 17, 1862.

* * * * *

X. Captain Swann's company (K), Fifty-ninth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, is detached from said regiment and will report to Major General W. W. Loring, commanding Department of Southwestern Virginia, for duty with Captain George M. Edgar's battalion Virginia Volunteers.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[10.]
HEADQUARTERSRIGHT WING,June 17, 1862.

Brigadier General R. H. ANDERSON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move your brigade to the advance to relieve General Ripley's command now serving there. General Kemper's brigade will move down in conjunction with yours for that purpose, and the two brigades (First and

