
must also report to and be inspected by the division chief of artillery, as he may require. When a brigade battery needs relief it will, when practicable, be made to change places with one of those belonging to the division reserve. Should this be impracticable, application, authotized by the division commander, must be made to the army chief of artillery for temporary relief from the general reserve.

II. The army chief of artillery will have general charge of that branch of the service and special direction of the general reserve. He will, under instructions from the commanding general, see that the batteries are kept in as efficient condition as practicable, and so distributed as to promise the best results. To this end he will require from the several division chiefs of artillery weekly returns exhibiting the condition of each battery and where it is serving. He will also make to the commanding general a semi-monthly report of his entire charge.

[11.]

STAUNTON, VA., June 23, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Under the authority conferred upon me on the 7th of May to raise a regiment of partisan rangers, I have four full companies ready to be organized and mustered into service, and four more that will be ready in the course of ten days. In addition to these eight companies I have several others partially enlisted. Can I complete my regimental organization and take the field with these eight companies or must I have the full number of ten companies? Three of my companies are now rendering important service in Pendleton and Randolph Counties in breaking up Peirpoint's militia musters and capturing notorious Union men. I deem it a matter of great importance to be able to cross the Alleghanies in July. Ihave daily intelligence from the region between here and Clarksburg. It is very encouraging. Hundreds of men will join me as soon as I can penetrate their country. The Federal troops have nearly all been withdrawn from the Nortwest, and the bogus State government is left to take care of itself. Peirpoint has issued a proclamation calling out his militia. Half the people will refuse to obey his call, and are represented as ready to join me as soon as I can appear amongst them with arms to put in their hands. I am collecting all the country arms that I can, and repairing them here. Citizens of this county have placed $2,500 in cash in my hands for this purpose, but I will not be able thus to arm half of my men. Can the War Department furnish me now 500 rifles and ammunition, and as many more in three or four weeks? I have agents at work in the heart of the Nortwest sending out to me small parties of two or three unarmed men at a time. These people must be armed to be of any value to us. I believe that with reasonable and comparatively small assistance from the Government I will be able in the course of ninety days, with the men I can raise in the mountains, to do much towa-establishing our rightful authority in the Nortwest. I am satisfied we can do more for our cause in that region through the instrumentality of the true men there (and there are thousands of them), if properly managed, tan has been accomplished by more regular military operations. But to begin I must have money and arms. I shall go to Pendleton, Randolph, Highland, Bath, and Pocahontas this week to muster in several companies. On my return I will go to Richmond in the hope that my organization will be so far advanced that you can see your

