
way clear to give me the assistance in money and arms indispensable to enable me to take the field. My wants are small just now, but is I succeed, as I have every reason to believe I shall, in getting 1,500 or 2,000 men in my corps in a short time after I get fairly to work, I shall perhaps need more assistance from time to time. Can you furnish me 500 of the rifles captured by General Jackson and sent to Lynchburg? They are both Belgian and Austrian, either admirably adapted to our purposes, though the Belgian is preferable. I have addressed this directly to you, when perhaps it should have gone to some other officer in your Department. If so, please give it its proper destination, so that I may have an answer to my questions on my return from the West.

Yours, respectfully,

J. D. IMBODEN,

Colonel Partisan Rangers.

[Indorsement.]

May organize as a battalion and afetrward increase to a regiment. When organized make requisition for arms, and if possible it will be filled.

G. W. R.

[12.]

JUNE 24, 1862 - 2.30 p. m.

General H. A. WISE:

GENERAL: I send you a dozen rockets which were brought from General Lee with the order that I should request you to have "three fired at half-past 10 to-night (10.30 p. m.), three more at 3 a. m. to-morrow morning, two at 10 p. m. to-morrow night, and two at 2.30 the next morning. The interval between sending up the rockets should be thirty seconds." The point from which they are to be thrown up is to be left to your selecton. General Lee attaches great importance to this matter, and that there be no difference of time, watch for the rockets on the Charles City road, which are to be sent up at the same hours.

With great respect,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

[11.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 146. Richmond, June 25, 1862.

* * * * *

II. The arrest of Brigadier General Richard B. Garnett is hereby suspended, and he will forthwith report to General Robert E. lee, commanding, for temporary duty with Major General D. H. Hill.

* * * * *

VI. Major John J. Garnett, corps of artillery, Provisional Army, will report to General Robert E. Lee, commanding, for duty with Brigadier General D. R. Jones.

* * * * *

XVII. The following companies will constitute the Fifth Regiment Virginia Cavalry: Captains Eell's, Pannill's, Boston's, Hobson's, Bullock's, Mebane's (Lieutenant-Colonel Pate's present battalion), Captain Marks' Prince George company, Captain Puller's Gloucester company, Captain Blow's Sussex company, Captain [Allen's] James City company.

