
uneasiness was felt for fear of a rising of their negroes, of which he thought there were indications. So in Hardy they have several volunteer companies, but no ammunition- literally none. Young Alexander has been here for two or tree days past to procure a supply, but as none was to be had here he went to Harper's Ferry, in the hopes of obtaining it tehre; but it was like going toth goat's house for wool, and he has now written to Richmond. If there is a supply of powder in the State, it should certainly be promptly distributed where it is so much needed. To meet the hosts who are arming against us, we should at least be provided with articles so indispensably necessary as powder and ball. We have not a piece of artillery nearer Winchester than Harper's Ferry, and our own home guards are without arms of any kind, except one int en of us who may have a revolver, a musket, or a rifle, and fifty well- armed men could capture the town as easily as old John Brown captured Harper's Ferry. Angus W. McDonald, wjho has been at Hrper's Ferry since the day before the burning of the arsenal, has made hmself exceedingly useful there by employing himself very diligently in a close examination and personal inspection of all the passes, highways, and byways leading to our border fromtehe nemy's country, and expecially fromteh directiion of Chambersburg and Carlisle. In addition to this he has men in his employment who are bringi g him daily intelligence of what is passing at Chambersburg and along that part of the Pennsylvania border, so that if his agents are reliable we cannot be reached without notice.

Parker, William, and Brton, according to your suggestion, have just left my house, where we have been in conference for the last two hours, and we have prepared a letter to General Lee, whichUI willinclose with this. You mentioned that you will prbably be at home to- morrow. I do not know whether I am to infer from that you expect the convention to adjourn immediately. If so, neither you nor Marshall will be in Richmond when this arrives there, and it has occurred tome, therfore, as a best means of securing our object in that instance, to inclose this with the letter to General Lee, under care to Colonel Munford, with a request that in the abbhsence of yourself and Marshall he will place the leter to General Lee in his hands at once. I write very hurriedly, as the postmaster is keeping his office open for me past his hours to mail my letter.

Yours, very truly,

J. H. SHERRARD.

[Sub- inclosure.]

WINCHESTER, April 30, 1861.

Major-General LEE:

DEAR SIR: As citizens of the town of WInchester we deem it our duty to call your attention tot he defenseless condition of the place and of all the retgion of country which lies between this and the Pennsylvania border, the quarter from which an attack on this part of Virginia is to be apprehended. Our distnce fromteh Pennsyulvania line is not over forty miles, and at Chambesburg, within a day's travel, we are informed a large force of Northern troops is concentrating, already num bering, as reported, 5,000, and with daily accesions. If the enemy is designed for offinsive operations, their destination is doubtless the Valley of Virginia, which may be reached at Harper's Ferry, Shepherdstown, or Martinsburg, where there are bridges, ferries, and turnpike roads, to say nothing of inte adiate points and points higher up the

