
to 8.000 yards of army cloth. This contributed very largely toward clothing the army last winter. Now, sir, should the war be prolonged beyond the coming autumn, could we afford to lose these resources? Or, on the other hand, can we get along without them? And still further, will it not now comport with the general and more comprehensive policy of the Government to strike a blow in the quarter that will uncover these rich resources of both food and clothing for our glorious army? A move along the Piedmont line would do it as effectually as in the Valley itself, provided the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad can be interrupted. But I forbear further.

Again apologizing for troubling you with this, your obedient servant,

ANDREW HUNTER.

[12.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS, Numbers 14. Near Richmond, July 5, 1862.

Captains Richardson and Ritter, with their batteries, heretofore attached to General Magruger's command, but left behind in its late march and now separated from other organizations, are hereby ordered to report to Colonel J. Thompson Brown, those companies really constituting part of his artillery regiment. They will, until further orders, remain under Colonel Brown's command.

By command of Brigadier-General Pendleton:

D. D. PENDLETON,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS,July 6, 1862.

Major J. CRITCHER,

Commanding:

MAJOR: General Lee directs me to say that he desires you to report with your battalion to General J. E. B. Stuart on the Salem road near Charles City Court-House as soon as possible.

Very respectfully,

CHARLES MARSHALL,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

QUARTERMASTER: I am too feeble to go this evening to General Stuart's headquarters. Be good enough to select our camp-grounds and make the other necessary arrangements. We leave here at 2 p. m., and will reach Charles City Court-House about 5 or 6 this evening.

J. CRITCHER,

Major.

[11.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 156. Richmond, July 7, 1862.

* * * * *

VII. Captains Smooth's and Coakley's companies Virginia Volunteers will proceed at once to Richmond, Va., and report for duty to Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Shields, commanding Camp of Instruction, near that city.

* * * * *

