
Potomac, wherethe transit across Maryland is only a few miles; at one place (Hancock) only one mile and a half. To repel this invaion, should it come, we have at Harper's Ferry, all told, no over 2,500 troops, made up promiscuously of raw and uninstructed volunteers, who have entered the service at a moment's warning, without arms or uniforms, and some pretty well armed an drilled companies. TO form this force at the Ferry, allt he organized companies of this part of the Valley have been required, so that this town and other towns above mentined, and the whole line of frontier fromharper's Ferry to the head of the Potomac, is utterly defensless. To repel an enemy at this point we have in and about the topwn no artilery, not fifty muskets, and literally no arms of any kind. We have remaining in the town a company of aged and middle- aged men, organized into what is caleld the home guard, reasy to fight to the death in defense oft heir homes, but with nothing to fight with. In the neigboring country, which is populous, hter is a large force of the ordinary militia, but wholly undisciplined, unorganized, and unarmed, and they have no officers who have any trining or efficiency for active service. We submit these facts to your consideration and commend them to your earnest and anxious attention. If devastationa and plunder are to form a part of the sustem of this war, this is certainly an iinviting field for it. This was selected as the therater of John Brown's raid, and if the destruction of slavery and the liberation of slaves is an object with our enemy, as it is proclaimed to be a chief object, these northern troops will be apt to follow the footsteps of their great file leader. We make free to suggest that good drill officers be sent in sufficient numbers to this section of country, around whom wolunteer companies can be rallied, and above all, that arms and ammunition be promptly furnished to men who are willing tofight buyt in their condition are perfectly impotent. In the article of ammuniton we are even moe deficient than in arms

Very respectfully,

RICHARD PARKER.

J. H. SHERRARD.

P. WILLIAMS.

D. W. BARTON.

[2.]

RICHMOND, May 1, 1861.

L. P. WLKER:

Alexandria much excited by rumors of contemplated occupation by Federal forces. Warned by Washingtonians that it is certainly intnded. Our scoutzs fired upon last night on our side of Aqueduct.

D. G. DUNCAN.

[2.]

EICHMOND, May 1, 1861.

(Recieved 10.35 p. m.)

L. P. WALKER:

Senator james M. Marson arrived from Maryland Legislature. Speaks ecouragingly. Maryland p[rbable secession. Long Bridge across Potomac guarded, norhtern side by eight pieces of artillery and large force infantry. Baltimore and Norfolk boat stopped running.

D. G. DUNCAN.

[2.]

