SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS, Numbers 24. July 14, 1862.

Captain John R. Johnson's battery is assigned to General T. J. Jackson's command. The officers in charge will report immediately to Colonel Crutchfield, General Jackson's chief of artillery.

By command of Brigadier General W. N. Pendleton:

D. D. PENDLETON,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., ENGINEER BUREAU,

Richmond, Va. (Received July 15, 1862.)

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: After due consideration of the question and a personal examination Drewry's, I most respectfully recommend that the question of the James River obstructions be placed entirely under the control of the Navy, or entirely under that of the Army, and one or the other department thus made exclusively responsible. Divided responsinilities lead to inaction. I recommend the above as the only solution likely to produce rapid and satisfactory results.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

A. L. RIVES,

Acting Chief of Engineer Bureau.

Since writing the above I have seen the Secretary of the Navy, who desires the Engineer Department to take exclusive control.

A. L. R.

[Indorsement.]

Information that the Secretary of the Navy has turned over the obstructionsto the Engineer Department and directions to proceed night and day until complete.

G. W. R.

[11.]

JULY 16, 1862.

General H. A. WISE:

GENERAL: Since I wrote to you by your own carrier, I have received a note from Colonel Chilton directing me to send for the Fifty-sixth Virginia. Will you kind enough to start the regiment early in the morning. I wish that I could visit you, but we are under arms every day making demonstrations or waiting an attack. Still, I hope that the troops under you will cheerfully work at making all possible defensive contrivances against Yankeedom. When McClellan gets his re-enforcements all in he will certainly pay you a visit. We are all rejoicing over Stuart's brilliant achievement. It is said that he destroyed two millions of property, three steamers, vast ordnance and commissary stores, clothing, and plunder of every kind.

Yours, truly,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

[11.]

