
threelines, then two lines telling me to forward a certificate, and three more lines of sugar. I shall keep him informed from time to time of the condition of my heath.

Gaillard is with me, so I feel quite assured of correct information and judgment in the casek, and do not propose supplying General Lee with any more surgeon's certificates beyond that upon which the original leave was granted. He took special pains to tell me, when I called to find out about Jackson's movements, inorder to judge whether I had better stay in Richmond any longer waiting for a battle, that he could not grant me leave except on surgeon's certificate; that was "his rule," he said. I told him I didn't come to ask for leave, but to get information upon which to determine whether I would yield to the advice of the surgeons and leave the city, adding that I had already put it off for ten days or more in anticipation of active operations, and was getting worse, insteadof better. In a semi-pious, semi-official, and altogether disagreeable manner, he commenced regretting that I hadn't gone sooner; considered that the army had lost my services for ten days unnecessarily - and other like stuff. We "will bide our time." All I want is success to the cause; but there is a limit beyond which forbearance ceases to be a virtua, and if provoked much further I will tear the mask off of some who think themselves wonderfully successful in covering up their tracks. But I a, transferring all rules for myself about thinking at present, let alone writing, upon such subjects. I am improving, but do not get straight in brain and nerves as fast as I hoped - in fact, in these respects have improved very little- but my general health is already quite good, and Galliard says that with prudence perfect recovery is certain. Write me how you are, and all you know of your probable future command.

Yours, as ever,

GUSTAVUS W. SMITH.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,July 19, 1862.

Major General T. J. JACKSON,

Commanding Army of the Valley:

GENERAL: The bearer, John S. Mosby, late first lieutenant, First Virginia cavalry, is en route to scout beyond the enemy's lines toward Manassas and Fairfax. He is bold, daring, intelligent, and discreet. The information he may be obtain and transmit to you may be relied upon, and I have no doubt that he will soon give additional proofs of his value. Did you receive the volume of Napoleon and his Maxims I sent you through General Charles S. Winder's orderly?

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,July 20, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel P. M. B. YOUNG,

Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: I am instructed to convey the desire of the major-general commanding that you will continue to hold, if practicable, the position

