
cover of the woods, or the crest of the hills, or in some position so as to avoid the observation of the enemy. There will be a brigade of General D. R. Jones's division near that point, which will connect with that you send down, both brigades to be under command of the senior officer.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS, RIGHT WING,July 23, 1862.

Captain JOHN B. RICHARDSON,

Commanding Second Company, Washington Artillery:

CAPTAIN: By direction of the major-general commanding you will without delay report with your battery to Colonel G. T. Anderson, commanding brigade on outpost near New Market, on the River road.

Yours, respectfully,

J. B. WALTON,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery, Right Wing.

[11.]
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 24, 1862.

Brigadier General D. R. JONES,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs tat you send your strongest brigade this morning to take position on the heights near Market. Lieutenant Blackwell, aide-de-camp, will conduct the brigade to the proposed point. The commanding officer should be directed to post it in the woods, or under the crest of the hills, or in some position so as to avoid the observation of the enemy. There will be abother brigade (of A. P. Hill's division) between the Darbytown and River roads, and near the latter, which will connect with the one you send down, both to be under command of the senior officer,

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS,July 24, 1862.

General H. A. WISE,

Commanding Chaffin's Bluff:

GENERAL: Your letter of yesterday is received. I shall suggest to the commanding general at once the propriety of exchanging the prisoners sent to the United States on parole for such of your command as may be here on parole, and hope that we may effect this soon. I shall also endeavor to have your brigade properly organized as the other brigades of the army. Meantime we must keep what we have and do the best that we can withit. I am sending two brigades down to occupy the ground from New Market to the Darbytown road. This, I think, will enable you to reduce your picket guards to some extent, and enable you to get along with some greater ease, I was in the saddle

