HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,July 27, 1862.

Brigadier-General JONES,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send General Toombs' brigade at daylight to-morrow morning to New Market Heights to relieve the brigade of General Gregg at present posted there. The battery will accompany thebrigade. As the stablishment of the brigade at that point will probably be permanent, it should move its camp equipage, &amp;c.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,July 27, 1862.

Brigadier General M. GREGG,

Commanding at New Market:

GENERAL: I am directed to notify you that the brigade of General Toombs has been ordered to move at daylight to-morrow morrning, to relieve your brigade, when you may move back. It would be well for you to report by letter to Major General A. P. Hill to-night, to receive his orders as to where you will move in the morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]

CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA., July 28, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I arrived here last night and met with several intelligent citizens of Loundon and Fauquier Counties who have just come through the enemy's lines. Left the vicinity of Washington and Sperryville, in Rappahanock County, on Thursday morning last, and from the best information they could get (which they think reliable) the enemy's forces under Pope is from 30,000 to 40,000 - safe to say 35,000. They were between and about Washington and Sperryville - 15,000 at the former place - and seemed to be on the move, but nobody knew positively where. One report was that they intended to move toward Swift Run, Gap, toward the Valley. They are committing every possible depredation upon the property of citizens. I have thought it proper to give you this information in a hurried manner as coming from what I considered a reliable source.

Very respectfully, &c., your obedient servant,

S. D. BOYD,

Courier, War Department.

P. S.- Deserters represent their force at 60,000.

S. D. B.

[12.]

