
WEDNASDAY, May 1, 1861.8

Present, John J. Allen, president; Francis H. Smith, M. F. Maury, and Robert L. Montague.

The Governor submitted for advice the following subjects;

An order from Wiliam H. C. Whiting, inspector- general of North Carolina, to Captain J. C. McRae, ordnance inspector at Wilmington, to proceed to Richmond and consult Governor Letcher relative to twenty 342 - pounder carronade guns with deck carriages, to be had at Norfolk, for the transfer of which he states thzat authority ahs been obtained from the Secretary of War of the Confederate States. The order directs Captain McRae, after obtaining authority from Governor Letcher, to proceed to Norfolk and have the guns and carriages, if possible, shipped- twlve to New Berne and eight to Wilimngton; Advised unanimously that the guns be supplied, if they can be spared.

Absent, R. L. Montague.

Certain nominations now under consideration by the convention:

Advised unanimoulsy that the Governor request the convention to permit the withdrawal of the nominations of Major General Walter Gwynn and Major General Joseph E. Johnston. And they further advise that inasmuch as it is understood to be the purpose of the convention from motives of public policy to appoint but one major- geenral, t he Governor appoint Walter Gwynn a brigadier- general of volunteers and Joseph E. Jojnstona brigadier- geenral of the Provisional Army.

A communication fro Captain R. L. PAGE, nvaval aide- de- camp, stating that the midshi0pmen of the Annapolis shcool from Virginia have resigned and tenderedt heir services to their native State, suggesting the establishemnt of a temporary schoolship for them at norfolk for drill, &amp;c., until their services may be wanted for special duties: Advised unaninmously that the services of these gentlemen be accepted, and that they be detailed onfduty with the batteries now in the course of erectin on our rives, or wherver else their services may be most needed.+

Areport from Captain Barron relative to steamer jamestown; Advised unanimously that the steamer Jamestown, detained here, be released and turned over to her owners, it being now ascertained that she is unfit for the service of the State.

A communication fro Edward C. Marshall, presidnet of the Manssas Gap Railroad Company, calling attention to the situation of a quantity of iron rails imported by that company now lying in bond at the wharf in Alexanria, stating that the custom house at that place is stilinthe hands of the United States Government, and that he officers will give information of any attempt of the company top remove the rails without paying duty, which the company is unwilling to pay, and to pay in gold. That the United States Government could readily thake away these rails on board a man of- war in one night, and the least justification might tempt them to do so, as they might be useful for the operations in and around Washington, while it would take a considerable time for the company to remaove them. He suggests that orders of the Governor for the removla of the rails on State account would relive the security for the duty from responsibility, and also the collector, and quiet the apprehensions of the people of Alexandria; Advised unanimously that the Governor give dierctions to abstain from interfering for ht present in any way with the custom- house at Alexandria.

---------------

*From proceedings of the Adisory Council of the State of Virginia.

+For portion here omitted, see VOL. II, p. 793.

---------------

