HEADQUARTERS, July 28, 1862.

General H. A. WISE,Commanding Chaffin's Bluff, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I was at Deep Bottom again yesterday. There seems to be a dike on the other side of the river similar to the one you described as putting in at Aiken's. I think it probable that of these dikes were cut so as to allow the water to pass over these sunken grounds, that the channel would be so changed in a few days that neither gun-boats or transports could get up. Can you in any way put a party at work to cut the one at Aiken's to-day. A. P. Hill's division is moving to-day, which curtails my working force very much. Some of Aiken's negroes might be had for this work, and you might be able to collect others around the country. I have written General Lee Suggesting the opening of the dikes on both sides. Please advise me of the probabilities of your being able to put a force upon the one on this side.

Very respectfully,

J. LONGSTREET,

Major-General, Commanding.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,July 28, 1862.

Colonel WALTON,

Chief of Artillery:

COLONEL: I am directed to say that the major-general commanding expects you to deep eight batteries constantly on duty at New Market Heights with the two brigades of General Toombs. These will be detailed from the batteries under your command, and for such length of times as you may determine.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]

CAMP NEAR RICHMOND, VA.,

July 28, 1862.

Colonel J. B. WALTON,

Commanding Battalion Washington Artillery, of New Orleans, La.:

COLONEL: Knowing the interest you take in your command, the Washington Artillery, of New Orleans, I take pleasure in testifying to the gallant and admirable conduct of Captain Squires' battery while under my orders on the 7th instant (in connection with a section of Rogers' battery and one piece of Pelham's horse artillery) while engaged in firing on the enemy's transports below Charles City Court-House. The captain, his officers, and men exhibited the utmost coolness, and worked their guns with effect. A gun-boat of the enemy, within half a mile distance, was engaged in throwing shell, spherical case, and grape from her large guns at the battery, and the battery was worked with as much coolness as would have been displayed had the much-dreaded gun-boat been miles away. I have been called on and have made and official report of the affair, but the conduct of your battery (as the others) gave me so much satisfaction that I take this unofficial manner of showing my appreciation of your excellent battalion.

I am, Colonel, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Colonel of Artillery.

[11.]

