HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 9, 1862-3.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General WILCOX:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you get your brigade ready to move to-morrow by the cars to Gordonsville. The troops will be provided with three days' cooked provisions, which they will carry in haversacks; knapsacks and blankets also being taken with them. The balance of the baggage and camp equipage will be sent by you transportation round by the wagon road. The hour at which you will probably leave will be 4 o'clock in the afternoon, and the general commanding wishes you to have everything promptly in readiness by that time. Your sick will be left at the division hospital. All the intrenching tools in your possession will be carefully piled in your camp and turned over by your quartermaster to the proper officer. Separate orders will be sent to your battery from these headquarters. The general commanding desires that the point of destination and the mode of transportation should be carefully withheld, such information only being given as may be necessary to execute your orders. Please direct your quartermaster to report to the division quartermaster, Major Mitchell, for instructions.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Similar letter to Brigadier-General Pryor and Colonel Posey.)

[11 and 12.]
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 9, 1862-12 a. m.

Brigadier General J. L. KEMPER:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to write as follows: You will get your brigade ready at once to march at any moment that your are called on, provided with three days' rations. Your destination will be Gordonsville, and you will probably move to-morrow morning by the cars, your transportation being sent round by the roads. The men will take with them their rations and blankets, the rest of the baggage and camp equipage to be sent round. Immediately on receipt of this you may withdraw your command from work on the trenches and return to your camp to prepare for this movement. Carry with you to camp all the intrenching tools in your possession, and have them carefully piled to be turned over to-morrow by your quartermaster to the proper officer. Your sick must be left at the division hospital. Proceed at once with your preparations, communicating to no one the destination named, and to any only such information as may be necessary to execute your orders.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Similar letter to Colonel J. V. Moore and Colonel E. Hunton.)

[11 and 12.]

