HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,August 11, 1862.

Brigadier General H. A. WISE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires me to inform you that he leaves to-morrow morning on the cars, and the command of the forces here will be assumed by Major General G. W. Smith. I am directed to say that the letter officer has no map of this section suitable, and will be much obliged for that which you kindly proposed to prepare.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.,August 11, 1862.

Major MITCHELL,

Quartermaster:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding desires you to keep yourself well posted relative to the transportation of the troops, so that after hid departure to-morrow morning there may be no delay in their shipment. The two brigades, Evans's and Featherston's, have already been advised by me to be at the station to-morrow morning by daylight. I believe you know the order in which the other, four are to move, viz: D. R. Jones' two brigades, and, last Drayton's and Jenkins'. The general commanding wishes you to give timely notice to these command of the hour at which they must be at the station. He also wishes you to report to-morrow to Colonel Larkin Smith that you are the quartermaster of his command, and are ready to receive any information as the transportation, &c., that he may wish to communicate.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11 and 12.]
HEADQUARTERS DRAYTON'S BRIGADE,August 12, 1862 - 5 a. m.

General WISE:

SIR: Major-General McLaws has sent me a dispatch dated 12th August, 3 a. m., that the enemy are reported as advancing by way of Malvern Hill with artillery, cavalry, and infantry. The dispatches announcing the movement were dated, he says, 10 a. m., and he begs that you and Chaffin's Bluff be notified. Will you extend the notice.

Very respectfully,

THOMAS F. DRAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[11.]

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF N. VIRGINIA,

August 16, 1862.

GENERAL: Major-General McLaws is charged with the conduct of operations upon the front lines on the left bank of the James River,

