
of the enemy's vedettes are on the opposite side of the ford, where we have nod disturbed them. I have a regiment well concealed on a hill commanding the road this side of the ford. I have disposed another regiment at and near Somerville Ford, pretty well concealed. Nothing seen of the enemy there up to the time I came away.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. GREGG,

Brigadier-General.

[12.]

[AUGUST 20, 1862.-For report of Chief of Ordnance, C. S. Army, relative to losses of stores incurred at Roanoke Island and on the line of the Potomac, see Series IV.]
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.

August 21, 1862.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,President, &c., Richmond, Va.:

Crossed Rapidan last night and this morning at Somerville, Raccoon, and Morton's Fords. Enemy commenced retreating yesterday. Got beyond Rappahannock, except a portion of his cavalry, which were driven. Burnside, Stevens, and King appear to have gone toward Fredericksburg. Pope, Banks, Sigel, &c., toward Warrenton. Can Richmond be help if followed?*

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

[12.]

BRANDY STATION, August 21, 1862. (Received 22d.)

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

Partisan rangers had better serve in their appropriate States and regular cavalry brought to Virginia. Cavalry is wanted. Bring all other available troops.

R. E. LEE,

General.

[12.]

HANOVER COURT-HOUSE, August 22, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

My scouts were four miles beyond the Mattapony, on the old Stage road, at 4 p. m. to-day. All quiet, and as far as could be heard from for miles beyond and down and the Pamunkey. I have scouts near Williamsburg, and a picket at Saint Peter's Church, beyond White House. All quiet at the latter this morning. Scouts not reported yet. General Hampton left at 4 p. m. for the Junction, with brigade of cavalry.

Your obedient servant,

J. LUCIUS DAVIS,

Colonel, Commanding at Hanover Court-House.

---------------

* For probable reply, see VOL. XII, Part III, p. 938.

---------------

39 R R-VOL LI, PT II

