
Acommunication from the surgeon- general, inclosing an estimate of the medicines and surgical instruments which will be required for the Army of Virginia, amounting to $33,525.20, the estimate being only one- half of the standerd of supplies for the U. S . Army. He states that he has telegraphed to New Orleans, Memphis, and Lousville, and has as yet received no reply, but believes that nothing can be expeted fromthose cities; that he understnds fro Surgeon- General Gibbes, of South Carolina, who has just left Richmond, that nothing can be had from Cahraleston or Savannah. Baltimore he has not communicated with, because he had just received from that city as full a suppy of surgical instuments as could be furnished, though the supply received was a mere trifle. Some of the midicines, he hopes, may be obtained in Bltimore, but deems it imporbable that they could be had in the quantities required. He says that no agent has yet been sent to that city, as he supposes it must be necessary to send to England or Frnace for them, and if so, that economy would be promoted by ordering them there inf ull quantities: Adivsed unanimously that these instruments and medicines are essential and must be procured, t he surgeon- general receiving instructions to keep himself within the estimates.

* * * * *

JOHN J. ALLEN.

FRANCIS H. SMITH.

M. F. MAURY.

RO. L. MONTAGUE.

[2.]

NORFOLK, May 1, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant- Geneal:

SIR: I have just been iformed at heuadquartes that a requisitin had been made for arms for the use of the Virginia forces stationed here. Haivng failed in my application at REichmond for arms fort he light infantry company under my command, whhich was this day mustered into service, I take the liberty of stting some reasons whiy we should be supplied, and if in so doing I transcend the rules of military etiquettei hope I may be pardoned. A strict blocakde has bee established bythe Federal authorities with a sufficient power to enforce it, and all ocmm8inicatin, meven with other ports in Virginia, has been cut off. Vessels have been fort he past few days constantly employed in making soundings froMCape Henry Light- House to the barricades in the cahnnel of the Elizaabeth River, a few miles below this city. There can be no doubt that preparations are beingmade byt the Federal troops to attemtp to repossess the magazine at Fort Norfolk, the navy- yard at Gosport, and other public property, and unless we are speeedily placed in possession of arms, or re- enforcements sent, we shall be poweless to resist a large landed force, and to render us more defenseless it were an easy matter for the enemy tp roceed up nansemond River and destroy the Seaboard and Norfolk and Petesburg Ra9ilraods, at or near Suffolk, and thus cut off all means of transportation of troops from Richmond an d North Carolina. In additio to all this, my men- who are willing to fitht, and if needs be to die, fort he honor of the State, and I may add with truth, the uanrmed members of other volutnerers companies- are becoming dishertened, in fact, demoralized for want of arms. They know our exposed condition, and that we have not the power to

