
HANOVER COURT-HOUSE, VA., August 22, 1862.,

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War Richmond, Va.:

Six scouts returned from ten miles this side of Williamsburg. Enemy retreating. None have crossed the Pamunkey or gone up the Mattapony yet. Williamsburg said to be burnt, but I don't believe it.

Your obedient servant,

J. LUCIUS DAVIS,

Colonel, Commanding at Hanover Court-House.

[11.]

CAMP MOORE, August 23, 1862.

Colonel PETERS:

DEAR SIR: Upon Wednesday evening 19th instant, I received information that Godfrey's (Union) company was in the vicinity of Tobias Belcher's and at once determined upon giving them pursuit. I made detachments from each of the respectively companies in camp, amounting to 100 men, and proceeded at once to prepare the command with cooked rations for three days and forty-rounds of ammunition. At 9 o'clock upon Thursday, the 20th instant, the detachment moved by the way of the Tug Fork Sandy, thence up the North Fork of Tug over the ridge to the waters of Elkhorn, and thence down the Elkhorn to James Totten's and bivouacked there over the night. Early upon Friday morning the detachment moved from Totten's up the Laurel Branch in the direction of Godfrey's camp, upon the waters of the Pinnacle Fork of Guyndotte. We surprised them at Allen Mylam's breakfasting, and captured 3 prisoners, 2 horses, and 21 riffles. The detachment immediately moved upon the enemy's camp at the Pinnacle and found it deserted. All their stores, with some cattle, fell into our hands. We returned by the Index upon Cage's Ridge to William Belcher's and bivouacked there upon the night of the 21st instant. Upon the 22nd we returned to camp. The men deserve great credit for the hardihood discovered upon these arduous forced marches. I inclose you a letter from Captain Godfrey (Yankee) to the notorious William Walker, of Wyoming County, and also a list of his Union company. I think it would be well to publish his roll in one of the Richmond papers.

D. S. HOUNSHELL,

S. P. HALSEY, Adjutant.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,August 23, 1862.

Colonel WALTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: General Longstreet wishes you to send all your long-range guns that may be wanted down to open again. Colonel Lee is selecting positions for them, with some guns of his own. Send him your long-rangers, as he may want them, and as fast as they are supplied with ammunition.

Very respectfully,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[12.]

