
cross the river. Your troops you must have well in hand to unite with this command, which will retire by Sharpsburg. Send forward officers to explore the way, ascertain the best crossing of the Potomac, and if you can find any between you and Shepherdstown leave Shepherdstown Ford for this command. Send an officer to report to me on the Sharpsburg road, where you are what crossing you will take. You will of course bring Anderson's division with you.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to Commander Farrand, of the Confederate Navy, senior officer in command of the naval and military forces, and Captain A. Drewry's Bluff, on the 15th of May, 1882.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of Congress are eminently due, and are hereby most cordially tendered, to Commander E. Farrand, senior officer in command of the combined naval and military forces engaged, and Captain A. Drewry, senior military officer, and the officers and men under their command, for the great and signal victory achieved over the naval forces of the United States in the engagement on the 15th day of May, 1862, at Drewry's Bluff; and the gallantry, courage, and endurance in that protraced fight, which achieved a victory over the fleet of iron-clad gun-boats of the enemy, entitle all who contributed thereto to the gratitude of the country.

Resolved further, That the President be requested, in appropriate general orders, to communicate the foregoing resolution to the officers and men to whom it is addressed.

Approved September 16, 1862.

[11.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 217. Richmond, September 16, 1862.

* * *

XXIII. Captain Thomas L. Farish, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army, will report to Major General G. W. Smith, commanding, &amp;c., for duty with Brigadier General B. H. Robertson.

By command of the Secretary of War:

ED. A. PELFREY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[18.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 218. Richmond, September 17, 1862.

* * *

VII. The battalion organized by paragraph XXI, Special Orders, Numbers 211, current series, will consist of the following companies, whose captains will report for duty to Major W. B. Tabb, commanding said battalion: Captains Ellis', Bossieux's, Carrington's, Reed's. Major Tabb will report for duty to Major General G. W. Smith, commanding, &c., in this city.

* * *

