
resist a large attacking force gby land. Federal troops czn be landed on the Nansemond River and marched to the rear of the navy- yard. Others can be landed at Sewell's Point, Ocean View, or some other point on the coast, whilst a demostration can be made by water. Should such be their design, which to my mind seems most feasible, and the attacks are simulataneous, or small and half- armed forces would neccessarily be divided and weakened. I do not, however, presume to advise, but have deemd it my [duty] to make the statements, and to beg that efficient arms may be placed in our hands with which to defend ourselves and uphold the honorf of the State.

Veryr esepctfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM N. McKENNEY,

Senator from Norfolk City.

[2.]

COMMANDANT'S OFFICE, nAVY- YARD AND STATION,

Gosport, Va., May 1, 1861.

Major- General GWYNN,

Commanding Forces, norfolk, Va.;

SIR; Believing it to be the design of the late United States to make a descent on this statininorder to correct their recent error, I feel called upont o suggest to you, in view of the immense value of the public buildings, guns, and other stores exposed, that a competent military force be placed near to resist all efforts on thei part. I have, in fact, indirectly learned that the full powers of the late Government will be directed to this point, probably via Pig Point. Could you, general, place such a force in this neighborhood as in your judgment could properly repel them! Last night we could muster only seventy- three men under arms in the yard, and scarcely forty men from the town appeared, andonly two with suitable arms.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. FORREST,

]Commandant.

[2.]
HDQRS. Major General COM DG. FORCES NORFOLK HARBOR,Norfolk, Va., May 1, 1861.

Flag- Officer 	FRENCH FORREST,

Commanding Navy- Yard, Gosport:

COMMODORE: Your communication of this date sahll receive due and immediate attention. It is in contemplation to erect a battery at Pig Point and to estblish a line of vedettes thiere. A sufficient force, and if necessary the whole force under my command, will be in readiness to repel an attack on

the yard. The necessary order or this object will be issued in due time.

WIth much respect, your obedient servant,

WALTER GWYNN,

Major- General, Commanding Forces Norfolk harbor.

[2.]

WINCHESTER, VA., May 1, 1861.

General ROBERT E. LEE;

SIR: Though personally unknown to you, I take the liberty of addressing you this letter. There is now, it is said, under arms at Chambersburg, Pa., a large military force, designed, it is thought, to act upon

