
XXII. The First Regiment of South Carolina Cavalry, under Colonel J. Logan Black, will immediately proceed to the headquarters of the Department of Northern Virginia, via Richmond, Staunton, and Winchester, Va., and report to General Robert E. Lee, commanding C. S. Army, for duty with Major General J. E. B. Stuart.

* * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[18 and 19.]
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, September 17, 1862.

Brigadier General Henry A. WISE,

Commanding Chaffin's Bluff:

GENERAL: I have just received telegram from General French, dated Petersburg, to-day, in which he says there are all told at Ohio Point, including garrison, 2,000. Newport News, one regiment. He also states that there are eight regiments of infantry with cavalry and artillery at Suffolk.

Yours, respectfully,

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

[18.]
HEADQUARTERS,September 18, 1862.

Colonel WALTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: All ordered to the rear at once. Put your batteries on the road to Shepherdstown Ford, except one to the left in the main street at Sharpsburg for General Stuart's cavalry (horses heading to the rear, rifled if possible.) Order all cannoneers to walk and have all your staff occupied constantly getting everything along. No vehicle must double, however, one on another. Please exert yourself and staff to the utmost to prevent any delay.

Very respectfully,

J. LONGSTREET,

Major-General.

[19.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

September 20, 1862.

GENTLEMEN OF THE HOUSE OF DELEGATES:

I have received a resolution, adopted by your honorable body on the 17th instant, requesting information as to "the number of troops which have been raised and are in service under the act passed at the late extra session, entitled 'An act to authorize a force of 10,000 men to be raised for the defense of the Commonweath,' and in what manner they have been organized; also, the amount of money which has been expended or incurred thereof; and that he further inform the House the number of troops which have been raised under his recent proclamation calling out the militia in certain counties, the expense attending the same, and the disposition made of said militia."

Before proceeding to respond to the inquiries contained in this resolution, I premise that the act authorizing this State force was the result of the consideration of the General Assembly without consulation

