
with me. I understood that the committee had consulted with the President and Secretary of War, and the organization of the force met their approbation, and it was so announced by the chairman of the committee. When the act was passed I addressed myself zealously to its execution, and have endeavored to do so in good faith and with a due regard to economy. On the 27th of June last a proclamation was issued by me to the people enable General Floyd to recover Western Virginia from the dominion of the invader.

On the 4th day of June, 1862, the Adjutant-general issued the order herewith transmitted, directing recruiting and mustering officers to forward their returns to General Floyd at his headquarters, and send duplicates to the office of the Adjutant-General at Richmond. Returns have not been received showing the strength of General Floyd's command, but I am informed that he had upward of 2,000 men before he left his camp at Abb's Valley. Additions have been made to his force since he reached Logan Court-House, but to what extent I am not able to say with certainty. They have been organized into companies, battalions, regiments, and squadrons, as I have been informed.

Second. Appendix Numbers 2 will show that the total amount allowed by the audinting board is $491,940.39. Much of this sum has been expended for the necessary supplies for the force, and a large portion of these supplies are now on hand and not issued to the troops. The supplies on hand have been laid in upon the most favorable terms, and if they were put in the marked to-day would command in cash three times as much as they cost the State.

Third. The report of Quartermaster Smoot shows that of the sum of $187,900 transferred to Captain J. B. Goodloe, acting assistant quartermaster and commissary at Wytheville, the sum of $92,062.78 had been expended up to the 15th of September, 1862. How much of the residue has been expended by his agents since that date and how much will be required to meet contracts anterior to that date I have no means of knowing. It may be safely asserted I think that of the amount allowed by the auditing board at least $200,000 remains unexpended in the hands of the agents of the State. The report of Quartermaster-General Smoot, with accompanying statements and explanations, is herewith transmitted for your consideration.

Fourth. No returns have been received at the Adjutant-General's Office of the number of troops raised under the proclamation calling out the militia, nor of the expense attending the call, nor of the disposition made of such of the militia as may have reported to Major-General Floyd. The object in raising this State force was to aid in recovering the possession of Western Virginia. Salt is an article greatly needed by our people, and if the Kanawha Salt-Works are to be made available to us we must have them protected, by a suitable force. General Floyd is on his way to that point, and if with his force he can protect the property and secure for the people of Virginia and the Confederacy the supply of salt manufactured at those works he will have accomplished a most valuable purpose.

Respectfully,

JOHN LETCHER.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., June 4, 1862.

The following General Orders, Numbers 1, of Major General John B. Floy, is to be respected and promptly obeyed by all persons who have received

