
to move with his companies, to Culpeper Court-House and report to Colonel J. R. Chambliss, commanding the regiment at that point or in the vicinity, sending copy of your order to Major Melton, adjutant-general. It is not intended that you should cripple or matterialy embarrass your own movements by detaching this cavalry, but to explain the necessity for their services on another point, and insure that there shall be no delay that can be avoided. We have news from Winchester of the 21st, by telegrph from Staunton, to-day: "The enemy crossed 10,000 men over the river at Shepherdstown. Was immediately attacked by Jackson's corps and routed. Their loss very heavy, ours slight. Quite a number of arms taken. Jackson recrossed into Maryland. Signed, H. B. Davidson, colonel, Provisional Army of the Confederate States." The New York Herald of last Saturday says they (the enemy), lost 5,000 prisoners at Mounfordville, Ky., McClellan's dispatch of Friday last says: "We (the enemy) may safelty claim a victory." Rather modest for him, allding to the fight at Sharpsburg of Wednesday last. The telegram from Davidson is latter. I hope to hear from you often and in detail. General French found the enemy re-enforced at Suffolk and expecting him. Accordingly, under my instructions, most of his forces were withdraw, leaving only a strong reconnoitering party on the Blackwater and between that point and Suffolk.

Respectfully and truly, yours,

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

[18.]

[SEPTEMBER 29, 1862.]

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

DEAR SIR: Inclosed is the proceedings of a public meeting held at Jacksonville on the 27th instant, which I have been directed to forward you. Pursuant to an adjourned meeting of the citizens of Onslow County, held at Jacksonville on the 2nd of September, 1862, Owen Huggins, chairman, and A. J. Johnston, secretary. The chairman having called the meeting to order, when J. H. Foy, esq., explained to the meeting what H. Jasper Etheridge and John Shepard, the committe appointed at the first directing them to call on you to extend to the citizens of Onslow County aid in keeping the enemy from overrunning Onslow. Mr. Foy said he and Jasper Etheridge and John Shepard had waited on your and asked aid to protect Onslow, and that you had gone, all in your power at that time, not having any forces at your command. The chairman appointed the following gentlemen a committee to draft resolutions expressive of the sentiments of the citizens of this county, viz, J. H. Foy, esq., A. J. Murril, and O. B. Sanders, who, after retiring a short time, submitted the following resolutions, which were adopted by acclamation:

First. Resolved, That Onslow County has been loyal, patriotic, and true to the Confederate Government and State government and that out of a voting population of 1,000 she has sent to the field in this war 700 soldiers.

Second. Resolved. That while we know that the battles of Virginia are the battles of North Carolina, and that in these battles Onslow County has furnished four companies to aid our sister State, we neverthelles, remember that these men who are fighting on the soild of Virginia have left behind them, in many cases, wives, daugters, and mothers, homes and property, and that the Confederate Government has not put forth the strong arm of military power sufficient to protect the families, homes, and proper of the absent soldier of the domiciled citizen.

Third. Resolved, That access to account of salt is valuable to the counties of the east, as well as to the whole, and Oslow being washed by the

