
the nearest important points in Virginia. Martinsburg, the seat of justice for the county of Berkeley, Va., is such a point. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad passes through or immediately by it, and has there one of its most important stations for the repair, &amp; c., of its engines, & c. The military occupation of that place would in a material degree give a hostile force the control of that great work. their is a railroad from Chambersburg to Hagerstown, and the latter place is distant from Martinsburg only about fourteen or fifteen miles, and the entire distance from Chambersburg to Martinsburg, even if from the former place to Hagerstown there was not a railroad, does not much, if any, exceed a days' march. In consideration of the motive which prompts it, I trust you will pardon the liberty I take in addressing this communication to you.

With highest respect, I remain, your obedient servant, &c.,

RICHARD E. BYRD.

[2.]

RICHMOND, May 2, 1861

L. P. WALKER:

Virginia convention adjourned till 12th of June. Maryland Legislature adopted without division majority report committee on federal relations to effect Legislature has no power to pass secession ordinance. Governor of New York asks Seward will there not be requisition for me or troops from this State. Seward answers 40,000 more volunteers for three years or during the war.

Washington, May 1.- new York Seventh Regiment refuses to take Lincoln's oath; refuse to fight against Virginia and Maryland. Proclamation of martial law promulgated by Lincoln to-day divides Maryland into four military districts. Fifth Military District embraces District of Columbia and includes Alexandria. Under this order inoffensive citizens were driven from their families and expelled at the point of the bayonet. Respectable families grossly insulted by volunteers. A gentleman just arrived saw General Scott, who said he would not invade seceded States, but would retake Harper['s Ferry and forts at any cost. Lincoln excised about provisioning large force now in Washington. Estimated 20,000 to 25,000.

D. G. DUNCAN.

[2.]

PRIVATE.] NORFOLK, [May] 2, 1861.

General R. E. LEE:

This harbor is completely blockaded. The boat from Baltimore was stopped yesterday at the Point. The passengers, save one who was detained, were permitted to come up to this city in the afternoon by the Coffee from Hampton. The captain of the steamer Coffee was notified that if the attempted another trip to Hampton his vessel would be detained. Thus all water communication is cut off. The following notice was sent up on yesterday to this city:

U. S . FLAG- SHIP CUMBERLAND,

Off Fortress Monroe, Va. April 30, 1861.

To all whom it may concern:

I hereby call attention to the proclamation of His Excellency Abraham Lincoln, President of the united States, under date of April 27, 1861, for an efficient blockade of the e ports of Virginia and North Carolina, and warn all persons interested that I have a sufficient naval force here for the purpose of carrying out that proclamation.

