
Atlantic Ocean for a distance of forty miles and her valuable salt-works are additional reasons for her defense and of her value to the State and the Confederacy.

Fourth. Resolved, That in point of wealth, soil, and products Oslow is not surpassed but by few, if any, couties in the State. Independence of her vast quantities of naval stores, fish, oysters, and salt, we had at the last assessment 3,538 slaves, valued at the low rate of $300 each, which is $1,061,400. Her area is 297,281 acres of land, valued at $714,759. Her average crop of corn is 60,000 barrels of five bushels each.

Fifth. Resolved, That we call upon the State and Confederate Governments to protect us from the incursion of the enemy.

Sixth. Resolved, That to abandon all the portion of North Carolina east of the Wilmington, and Weldon Railroad by the military authorities would, in the judgment of this meeting, be to abondon one-third of the slaves in the State, if not one-third of the population, and the richest and fairest portion of North Carolina. We therefore recommend the Governor to convene the Legislature at an early day and request that body to provide for State defenses by a levy of 8,000 or 10,000 soldiers. It is better to defend the porch than the altar, the door than the hearthstone.

Seventh. Resolved, That the proceedings of the meeting be sent our Senators, and Representatives in the Confederate Congress, with a request that they be laid before that body, and also, shoud the General Assembly meet soon, as we believe it ought to, that the secretary of this meeting furnish the members from this county with a copy of these proceedings that they may be laid before the Legislature.

The thanks of the meeting were tendered to the chairman and secretary, and on motion meeting adjourned sine die.

O. HUGGINS,

Chairman.

A. J. JOHNSTON,

Secretary.

[First indorsement.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,

Raleigh, October 10, 1862.

The within resolution of citizens of Onslow County, N. C., calling upon me to convene the State Legislature and organize an army for State defense, are respectfuly referred to President Davis, with the hope that he will earnestly consider our condition in Eastern North Carolina and do all that can be done to avoid such a result, it being the desire of the Governor to avoid coming into conflict with the act of Congress if possible.

Z. B. VANCE.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, October 15, 1862.

In view of the large and increasing numbers of the enemy at Suffolk threatening Weldon and North Carolina, as well as Petersburg and Richmond, it has been deemed best to concentrate our forces in position to offer effective resistance. Others have been concentrated for instruction. Under existing circumstances it is not practicable or advisable to station a large number of troops in Onslow County, but I have requested General French to send a small force there for the purpose of preventing marauding and protectirty, as soon as they are sufficiently instructed to be efficient. The Governor, Legislature, and people of North Carolina may rest assured that everything in our power will be done to protect and defend the State.

Respectfully submitted.

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

[18.]

