
attention of the Bureau has been and now is directed to the subject, and it is proposed to assign at an ealry day additional engineer officers, whose duty it will be to examine and report on the proper defenses and proceed without delay to their construction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. GILMER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Engieneer Bureau.

[18.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 234. Richmond, October 7, 1862.

* * *

XIX. The six unattached companies of Virginia cavalry serving with the brigade formerly commanded by Brigadier General B. H. Robertson will be organized into the Seventeenth Battalion Virginia Cavalry, under Lieutenant Colonel O. R. Funsten.

* * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

RICHMOND, VA., October 10, 1862.

Governor JOHN LETCHER,

Richmond, Va.:

GOVERNOR: In accordance with an act passed by the Legislature of Virginia October 3, 1862, I have the honor to call upon Your Excellency for 4,500 negroes to be employed upon the fortifications. Inclosed you will find a letter from Lieutenant-Colonel Gilmer, chief of the Engineer Bureau, suggesting the counties on which the call should be made and the appointment of the draft among them, together with suggestions as to the manner of delivering the slaves to Engineer Bureau, all of which is submitted for your consideration. It is unnecessary to call Your Excellency's attention to the importance of a prompt and efficient response tothis call, in view of the necessity of completing the works for the defnse of Richmond.

Very respectfully and truly,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, ENGIENNER BUREAU,

Richmond, Va., October 8, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPSH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to suggest, in accordance with an act passed by the Legislature of Virginia October 3, 1862, that His Excellency the President of the Confederate States be respectfully requested to submit to His Excellency the Governor of Virginia a call on the following counties for the number of slaves, respectively, placed opposite their names. The counties specified are those which have furnished none, or only a portion of the legal draft, and in the judgment of this Bureau, from evidence in its possession, are those justly subject to the first call. Due allowance has been made for the slaves already furnished, and it

