
our power. The work should be pressed to completion in the shortest possible time. Work on winter quarters should be suspended until this is through with. I do not name any particular force, satisfied that you and your command will do all in your power to get ready to meet and account for all comers. I shall feel much relieved when I hear that the contemplated works are finished, and take this occasion to thank you for calling attention to it. I have seen the Secretary of War in reference to your proposal for forming a regiment of the Fifty-ninth. Twentieth, and Tabb's battalion, and am satisfied that your recommendation will be approved by him and the orders issued at an early day. I send this by Captain W. P. Smith, of the Engineers, who will confer with you with regard to the works.

Respectfully, your truly, yours,

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

[18.]
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 12, 1862.

Brigadier-General WALKER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of this date, I am directed to say that the major-general commanding desires you to continue the destruction of the railroad to a point some two miles below the bridge over the Opequon.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,[October 12, 1862.]

Brigadier General C. M. WILCOX,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to notify you that the major-general commanding designs to review your division to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. The review will be witnessed by the Honorable Francis Lumley, member of Parliament, and other English gentlemen; and it is desired that the men be made to present as fine an appearance as practicable. To this end the general commanding desires you to organize your division into four good brigades, composed of the best drilled and clothed men. General Pickett has been directed to furnish one full brigade of his best troops for the occasion, which will be reviewed in connection with and as a portion of your division, the commanding officer reporting to you for that purpose. The division to be reviewed will thus consist of five brigades. I am instructed to say that your artillery need not appear on the field on this occasion.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

