
companies of infantry. He is also authorized to organize and muster into the service such other companies of infantry as he may be able to organize, &amp;c., before the 1st of December next, all the new companies to be raised on the same conditions as those already mustered into the service.

* * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

NAVY DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, October 28, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: We can complete iron-clad boats for defenses of the North Carolina waters and build floating batteries in them, if we can procure iron; and I submit to you the question of removing the iron from the Portsmouth and Weldon or the Norfolk and Petersburg road. If your Departments can dispense with the use of either or both roads in military defenses, I will at once proceed to remove the iron. Be pleased to let me have your wiews as early as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 29, 1862.

Inform the honorable Secretary that orders have been repeatedly issued to remove the iron of these roads, but that the presure of the enemy has far rendered their operations impracticable.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[18.]

RICHMOND, VA., October 28, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &c., Salem:

(Via Rapidan, Va.)

Dispatch of 29th received. Congratulate you upon events recited. Letters of 23rd and 24th received to-day. The re-enforcements asked for by you have been sent forward, and the cavalry to which you refer parcilarly should have joined you by this time. General Pemberton left here fully possessed of my views, and charged to communicate them to you.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[19.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, AJDT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 254. Richmond, October 30, 1862.

* * *

V. Major J. L. Cross, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army, will report for duty to Major General G. W. Smith, commanding, &c., in this city.

