
VI. Captain C. M. Selp, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army, will report for duty to Colonel T. H. Taylor, in this city.

* * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[18.]
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 30, 1862.

Brigadier-General PENDLETON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am directed to say that General Longstreet's last division will move early to-morrow. If your command moves the next day it will in good time and at good distance from his corsp.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 255. Richmond, October 31, 1862.

* * *

XXI. Brigadier General W. H. C. Whiting, Provisional Army, will report in person at the War Department.

* * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[18.]
HDQRS. ARTY. CORSP, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 1, 1862.

General LEE,

Commanding:

GENERAL: In reply to your note of the 27th ultimo, desiring of me a statement of captains of batteries who had distinguished themselves in the recent battles, and also of the number of artillery field officers to which this army is entitled, allowing one brigadier-general for every eighty guns, one colonel for every-forty guns, one lieutenant-colonel for every twenty guns, and one major for every sixteen, I have the honor to report that I have not been able to obtain the reports from the several divisions as yet, for which, I sent on receiving your note, and must therefore rely upon data furnished you some time since. On the delicate question of special distinction, where nearly all have done well in proportion to opportunity, it is requisite to speak with great caution. In endeavoring to comply with your wish on the subject, I beg to be understood as only approximating justice, and I would ask toward correcting errors and supplying omissions other sources of information may be sought. So far as I have the means of judging, I venture to suggest the following list as presenting about what strikes me as the relative grade of distinction recently earned by artillery captains: Captains Carter; Reilly, North Carolina; Braxton, Virginia; Maurin, Louisiana; R. C. M. PAGE, Virginia; Read, Georgia; Bachman, South Carolina; Poague, Virginia; Bondurant, Alabama; Hardway, Alabama; Fry, Virginia; Lane, Georgia (general reserve); Pegram, Virginia; Caskie, Virginia. Besides Colonel S. D. Lee's reserves, Captains

