
All vessels passing the capes of Virginia caoming from a distance and ignorant of the proclamation will be warned off, ad htose passing Fortress Monro will be requested to anchor under the guns of the fort an subject themselves to an examination.

G. J. PENDERGRAST,

Flag- Officer, commanding Home Squadron.

The troops from Suffolk, some 300, have been brought down to this place. That town is defenseless now. TH e Nasnsemond River approaches undefended. The enemy I a night might thrw a party into this town and destroy the Seaboard Railroad and the Norfolk and Petersburg Railway. There is considerable stte of alarm here. The troops are not free from this, not on account of their own persons, but they feel the want of worganization. They lack confidnce. Skillful officers are gretly needed here. General Gwynn is gratly harassed with business which should be attended to by otehrs who understand the duties of their position. Doctor Archer, of Richmond, Doctor Simplins, and Captain Sinclair go up on the trian to- day; they will give you informatin not proper of me to telegraph. Suffolk, the mouth of the Nansemond River, and Pagan Creek, leading to the town of Smithfield, need attention to protect the town of Smithfield. A small baqttery upon Pagan Creek would effectually secure this place. This is below Burwell's Bay, anis thought by gentlemen of intelligence, fully acquainted with James River, to be more suitable place for a battery than Burwwell; 's Bay Ten thousand men are absolutely necessary foar the efficeint defense of the public property in and about this place.

S. BASSETT FRENCH.

[2.]

L. P. WALKER:

Alexandria, 2d.- Great excitement here. Troops expected rrom AWashington to give effect to proclamation law. Alexandria unprepared to oppose attack. Opinion grows stronger that Lincoln will strike Virginia when twenty days' notice expiores, Suday next. Pressure from North very strong for bold operations. Captain Armostong found guilty by court- martil for surrender Pensacola navy- yard; suspe4nded five yearss, half iwthout pay. Merchants here moving goods, furniture, and families to country from approaching attack.

Norfol, k, 2d.- Federal ships sounding Nansemaond River. Suppose contemplate cutting off Petersburg andRichmond from comnction with Norfolk. Blocakde effectual. All stemaers turned back with orders not to come agina. Pendergrast issued notice from flag- ship Cumberland off Fort Monroe. Depot ichmond crowdedby thousands daily expecting Presidnet Davis.

D. G. DUNCAN.

[2.]

RICHAOND, May 4, 1861.

(Received 8.20 p. m. 5th)

L. P. WALKER:

Faulkner had interview with French foreign minister, thouvenel, who said the practice was now clearly understood to recognize governments once clearly estanblished beyond dispute, and when the new American Government arrived at the point he presumed it would be reocgneized. Thouvenel then demanded informationon subject of new tariff, which he said so deeply affected French commerce. Faulkner answereed the tariff would be modified by extra session of Congress.

