
Moody, Jordan, Rhett, Woolfok, Eubank: Wralton's battalion, Captains Squires, Miller, and Eshleman, there are with this army, with General Longstreet's wing. 24 batteries, containing 108 guns; in General Jackson's wing 25 batteries, 112 guns; in General Stuart's cavalry command, 3 batteries, containing 16 guns; in all, 60 batteries, containing 284 guns. This allows 3 brigadier-generals, 7 colonels, 11 lieutenant-colonels, and 18 majors. Should you desire further particulars, it will give me great pleasure to furnish them as soon as I can get returns from the divisions.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

[19.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS,

No.-. November 1, 1862.

This commanding will be put in motion to-day at 1 p. m. Officers commanding the several battalions will have the requisite arrangements made. Major Nelson's battalion will lead, Major Moore's will follow, and Colonel Cutts' bring up rear. The wagon train of each battalion will folow its batalion. As there will be a few difficult places, each battalion will detail ten or twelve men to accompany its wagon train to help along the wagons at the difficult places. On the march there can be allowed no wandering off of officers or men under any pretext. Each detachment must keep with its own gun; the guns and caissions must not be loaded with baggage, nor must the men ride unless sick and by permission of the battalion commander. At difficult places cannoneers must aid at the wheels.

By order of Brigadier General W. N. Pendleton:

D. D. PENDLETON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,November 3, 1862.

Major General A. P. HILL, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: General Jackson directs me to inform you that General J. R. Jones has been directed to take up an encampment on the Winchester turnpike, four or five miles from Berryville, but to report to you before moving his troops. You will retains him in his present position until such hour in the evening as you may deem necessary and notify him when you are willing for him to move. General Early with his division has gone to the vicinity of Millwood. If the enemy advance upon you to-day please notify at once, sending the courier to Millwood, requiring whoever is sent to enter Millwood of the turnpike from Berryville, where will be some one to indicate General Jackson's position.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 45. Near Culpeper Court-House, November 4, 1862.

Major John H. Chichester, commissary of subsistence, at his own request, is relieved from duty as commissary of this command and will

