SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 261. Richmond, November 7, 1862.

IV. Major James H. Hill, assistant adjutant-general, Privisional Army, will repot for duty to Brigadier General W. H. C. Whiting.

* * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[18.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 47. November 7, 1862.

I. The inclement season having set in, commanders will every method of protecting and quartering their men from the weather in their present exposed situation. To this end company and regimental commanders will take care that fires are kept burning during the entire day, and will at night see that the men can make their bivouac on the earth thus warmed during the day. The bivouacs made in this manner are warmer and drier than any that can at present be devised. The attention, forethought, and ingenuity of commanders can at all times be exercised to advantage in anticipating the wants and preparing for the hardships and necessities to which their men are unavoidably exposed.

II. It having been found impracticable at the present juncture to fully supply this army corps with shoes, the attention of commanders is dericted to the advantage employment of the raw hides of slaughtered cattle in the manufacture of a strong and warm covering for the foot. Experience has shown that an excellent subsistence for the shoe can be made out of this material. Hides are hereby authorized to be used for this object, and the energy and practical judgment and the experience of the commander will always be shown in making the most of small resources for the comfort and protection of his men.

By command of Lieutenant-General Longstreet:

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 226. Richmond, November 8, 1862.

* * *

VII. Major B. W. Frobel, of the Corps of Artillery, Provisional Army, will report to Major General G. W. Smith, commanding, &amp;c., for duty with Brigadier General W. H. C. Whiting, at Wilmington, N. C.

* * *

XXII. The following companies of Maryland Volunteers, will be organized into a battalion, viz: Captains Murray's, McAlleer's, Crane's Herbert's, Torsch's and Gwynn's.

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[18 and 19.]

