
were about Scotland Neck above Hamilton, and are certainly advancing on Weldon. Send troops, if possible.

Z. B. VANCE.

[18.]
HEADQUARTERS VALELY DISTRICT,November 9, 1862-8.15 p. m.

[General D. H. HILL:]

GENERAL: Inclosed you will find dispatch from Colonel Dulany*. If you have not already fallen back, you will do so and draw the enemy on toward Winchester by keeping your force out of view. You will give such instructions to Brigadier General J. R. Jones as you may find necessary for effecting the object. Keep the major-general commanding advised of your own movements as well as of those of the enemy. Watch the enemy as closely as you can, and should he beigh to fall back attack him if the circumastances in your opinion justify it. You will give such orders to the cavalry as well as to Brigadier-General Jones as may be necessary for carrying out these instructions. Should you need guides call on General Jones for them.+

By command of Major-General Jackson:

E. F. PAXTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

RALEIGH, November 9, 1862.

(Received 10th.)

President DAVIS:

A dispatch from General Martin to-night informs me that the enemy had gone back to Williamston and the Raonoke and are probably crossing the river. Cannot you strengthen him a little more, so that he can assume the offensive? The enemy is destroying the finest provision country in the South.

Z. B. VANCE.

[Indorsement.]

There is not an available man heree for the purpose. Nothing can be done except by making further detachments from General Lee's army. I have received information from General French and communicated it to General Lee. General French has already been re-enforced by Evans' brigade.

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General.

[18.]

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, N. C., November 11, 1862.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

MY DEAR SIR: By the recent expedition of our troops, by the order of General French, into Eastern North Carolina, some forty persons were arrested on suspicion of disloyalty and sent up to Salisbury for safe-keeping. As Governor of the State of which they are citizens it

---------------

* Not found.

+ For revocation of this order, see Smith to Hill, November 10. 2. a. m., VOL. XIX, Part II, p. 712.

---------------

