
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS, Numbers -. Culpeper Court-House, November 19, 1862.

This command will march to-day, the precise hour not yet designated. The several battalions will immediately get ready, so as to be prepared to move at any hour. About 1 p. m. will probably be the time to start. The batteries of Colonel Cutt's battalion will march to-day in front, those of Major Moore next, and Major Nelson in rear. The wagons of each battalion will attend their own battalion. They had best perhaps precede. There will be a sufficient detail to accompany the wagons, and help them along in case of difficulty. The quartermasters and agents will see that their respective wagon trains are reported steadily onward without delays and without any rapid movements to catch up when distance has been lost. Commanders of battalions and captains of batteries will see that their men remain at their posts. There must be no going ahead nor falling behind, and no straggling; at all hard pulls the horses must be aided by judicious lifting at the wheels, &amp;c. As we are about to march through muddy roads, special care will be needed in grooming the horses. The details of officers to superintend this in the several batteries will be rigidly required.

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

[21.]

NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA., November 22, 1862.

Captain ESHLEMAN:

Washington Artillery and Alexander's battalion will park in fields near Guest's house and unhitch and feed, but not unharness, and await orders there. Keep out of the enemy's sigth and keep wagons in shelter from enemy's guns.

By order of General Longstreet:

E. P. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &c.

[21.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 275. Richmond, November 24, 1862.

* * *

XIII. The following officers will report for duty to General Joseph E. Johnston, commanding, &c., in this city: Colonel Benjamin S. Ewell, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army; Lieutenant Colonel T. B. Lamar, Fifth Florida Volunteers; Major James B. Eustis, Captain A. P. Mason, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army.

* * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]

ENGINEER BUREAU,

Richmond, Va., November 24, 1862.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia:

SIR: Below is given in tabular form a report of the number of slaves received in this city by Government agent, impressed for labor on fortifications under authority of an act of the Legislature, passed at this recent called session. From the list it will be seen that the counties

