
at the suburbs of the town, as soon as it is dark enough this evening to escape the observation of the enemy, the detail under charge of a field officer will proceed to tear up the railroad as far as Hamilton's Landing. The rails and iron are to be taken up and put on car flats, which will be sent down for the purpose, and carried back. The cross-ties to be put in piles ready for firing when notice to that effect shall be hereafter given. The general commanding wishes you to have collected to-day all the crowbars, picks, &amp;c., that the detail may need in their labor, and to have it promptly on the ground and at work as soon as it is sufficiently dark.

I am, general, very respectfully,

G. M. SORREL,

[21.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 278. Richmond, November 27, 1862.

* * * *

XV. Major Charles S. Stringfellow, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army, will report for duty to Major General Samuel Jones, commanding Department of Western Virginia.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,[21.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY BATALION,

November 27, 1862.

Captain B. F. ESHLEMAN,

Commanding Washington Artillery:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by Lieutenant-General Longstreet to order a detail of one battery from your battailon for temporary service with Major-General Pickett, the battery to move at daylight to-morrow morning, the commanding officer to report to General Pickett on the Telegraph road as soon thereafter as practicable. You will please make the detail in accordance with above instructions. It is for temporary service merely, and I send one battery from this battalion on the same duty.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel of Artillery.

[Indorsement.]

The Second Company, Captain Richardson, was detailed on above duty, and marched on the morning of the 28th instant.

By order of Captain B. F. Eshaleman, commanding battalion Washington Artillery.

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp No Camp, November 28, 1862.

General WADE HAMPTON,

Commanding Hampton's Brigade of Cavalry:

GENERAL: Major-General Stuart directs me to say that you are authorized to establish a camp for recruiting your disabled horses.

