
This camp will be established at a point south of the Rapidan River, with such regulations for its control and proper management as will insure the steady return of the convelescent horses to duty. The general further directs me to call your attention to the order requiring all official papers to be property indorsed before being sent to those headquarters for action.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

NORMAN R. FITZ HUGH,

[21.] Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 280. Richmond, November 29, 1862.

* * * *

XXV. Major B. G. Bladwin, of the Corps of Artillery, C. S. Army, is assigned to duty, with the temporary rank of lieutenant-colonel, as chief of ordnance to the army under General R. E. Lee, and will report accordingly.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,[21.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,

November 30, 1862.

Brigadier General WADE HAMPTON,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: The conduct of your command during your late successful expedition beyond the Rappahannock has been brought to the notice of the commanding general, with your report*. A copy of my indorsement is herewith inclosed+. These exploits are highly creditable to yourself and to the officers and men engaged with you in this gallant dash, and I beg that you will communicate to them my high appreciation of this brilliant success.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

[21.] Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,Dcember 1, 1862.

Colonel E. P. ALEXANDER,

Commanding Battalion Artillery:

COLONEL: I am directed to notify you that the redouts on our line will not be occupied by General Pendleton's reserve artillery, and the general commanding desires you to occupy all of them with your own batteries and those of the Washington Artillery. Should these not be sufficient, call on any suitable brigade battery near you. He wishes you to notify them of the positions they will have, at once, and the signal agreed on, so that in case of alarm they take position at once. The alarm will be two guns fired in rapid succession. To-morrow morning examine well the direction of the two bridges, that the guns may be brought to bear directly on them. Put yourself in communication with General McLaws to-night, and let him know

---------------

* See VOL. XXI, p. 15.

---------------

+ I bid., p. 16.

