
where your headquarters are. You are not to open until your receive notification from him when to being firing, and in what direction. Please acknowledge receipt of this.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

G. M. SORREL,

[21.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY BATTALION,December 1, 1862.

Captain ESHLEMAN,

Commanding Battalion Washington Artillery:

CAPTAIN: In accordance with instructions from General Longstreet, just received, your batteries are assigned to position in the pits recently constructed in the front, commercing on the extreme right on the plateau behind Marye's fhouse and occupying them from right to left as far as your number of guns will extend. My battalion goes in on your immediate left; a gun in every pit until guns are exhausted or pits filled. You are to be ready to move to these positions, but not to go there until the alarm, which will be the firing of two guns in rapid succession, when you will take your position at once, but not open fire until directed by General McLaws or myself when and at what to fire. Acquaint yourself early to-morrow with the position and direction of the bridges. You had better instruct your sentinels to report any guns heard at night. Plese send me word how many guns you have.

Very respectfully,

E. P. ALEXANDER,

[21.] Lieutenant-Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,December 2, 1862.

Major-General HOOD:

GENERAL: The signal of alarm determined on in the event of an attempt or other movement on the part of the enemy is two guns fired in rapid succession. At this signal the general commanding directs that you from your command rapidly, and keep it under arms awaiting orders.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Similar letter to Major-General Anderson.)

[21.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 285. Richmond, December 5, 1862.

* * * *

XVIII. Capt W. H. James, of the Provisional Engineers, will proceed from Montgomery, Ala., to Wilmington, N. C., and report for duty to Brigadier General W. H. C. Whiting, to relieve Captain C. R. Collins, C. S. Engineers, now in charge of the defenses at that place.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,[18 and 20.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

