
my captain is Counts. This company had been regulary mustered into the State service as early as June or July; had been armed, eqipped, ad clothed by the State, and were at the time of their desertion more than 200 miles from General Marshall's headquarters. Several other instances of almost equally bad conduct by Confederate officers have occurred with me whilst raising my troops. I will in proper time send you the papers showing you the character of these transactions. I have borne with these outrages for the sake of harmony and that a united front, both in action and feeling, might be presented to the formidable enemy theratening our existence. General Echols, I know, would not have sanctioned any of these proceedings, and I feel quite confident the Secretary of War will condemn the course pursued by these men. I would not consent to hold my command one hour if it is to be settled that a rivalry exists between the two branches of service, instead of a cordinal fellowship. These things are wearying and somewhat vexatious, too, but for the present nothing remains for me but to refer the business to you for proper adjustment with the Secretary of War, which no doubt can be easily done. It should be borne in mind that the force I raise, the men generally whom I enlist, are not likely to be gotten into the service at all except by the means I use to do it, and I doubt if another man can be induced to make the effort. I think my command is very nearly a clear gain to the aggregate force for defense of the west, and therefore that the effort to raise it should be strongly encouraged by the War Department. For local defense it is of great importance, and even will be very efficient. It is now able to repel any force short of a large, well-apponited army, and even that it could greatly retard in a march.

Hoping soon to hear from you in terms of approval, I am, Governor, your most obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

[21.] Major-General, Commanding Virginia State Line.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. BATTLN. WASHINGTON ARTILLERY, Numbers 52. Near Fredericksburg, Va., December 8, 1862.

The colonel commanding, having returned from sick leave and reported for duty, will assume the command of this battalion. He also re-enters upon the duties of chief of artillery of the First Army Corps. Captain B. F. Eshleman is relieved from the command of the battalion, and will return to his company.

By order of J. B. Walton, colonel commanding and chief of artillery, Frist Army Corps:

W. M. OWEN,[21.] Adjutant.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OR NORTH CALIFORNIA,

Raleigh, December 8 [9], 1862.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

DEAR SIR: By request, I herewith transmit a joint resolution of the General Assembly of North Carolina in relation to the proposed destruction of the cotton of citizens residing east to the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad. Permit me to add my own solicitations to those of the General Aseembly, and to express the hope that the good of the

42 R R-VOL LI, PT II

