
service will not demand this great sacrifice on the part of our people. Hundreds who have lost all their slaves, cattle, &amp;c., are moving to the interior and are making every exertion to get away their cotton as their only means of subsistance. I feel assured that some means can be devised by which to destroy it if in danger of seizure by the enemy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

[Indorsement.]

Inquire of General French as to necessity, and whether mor time cannot be allowed for removal of the cotton.

J. D.

[Inclosure.]

RESOLUTIONS PROTESTING AGAINST THE BURNING OF COTTON IN EASTERN NORTH CAROLINA.

Resolved, That, in the opinion of the General Assembly of the State of North California, the recent order of Brigadier-General French, directing the burning of all cotton east of the line of the Wilmington and Weldon and Petersburg Railroads, not removed prior to the 15th day of December, is unwise, unjust, and impolitic, and if carried into effect will be a wanton and unnecessary destruction of property.

Resolved, That the General Assembly has entire confidence in the patriotism of the people residing in that section of the State, and believe that they would cheerfully give their pledge of honor to burn their own cotton with their own hands rather than it should fall into the hands of the public enemy, if requested to do so by the military authorities.

Reselved, That His Excellency Governor Vance be requested to transmit a copy of these resolutions to His Excellencly the President of the Confederate States, and earnestly protest against the execution of this unnecessary order.

Read three times and ratified in General Assembly this the 9th day of December, A. D. 1862.

R. S. DONNELL,

Speaker of the House of Cammons.

GILLES MEBANE,

Speaker of the Senate.

SENATE CHAMBER, December 9, 1862.

I certify that the above resolutions are a turne copy of the resolutions entitled as the foregiong, which were passed and ratified this they and are in my possession as principal clerk of the Senate.

C. R. THOMAS,

[18.] Principal Clerk.

War DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., December 9, 1862.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 6th instant has been received*. The Department will give directions to the general commanding the District of North Carolina to exercise caution in the destruction of any property

---------------

* See VOL. XVIII, p. 792.

---------------

