
under the stress of necessity, and to abstain as long as possible from the destruction of that belonging to the State of North Carolina; also to take counsel with yourself and your officers in relation to the same from time to time. Your Excellencly will bear in mind the strong language of the act of Congress of March 17, 1862, on this subject, and the responsibility that would be thrown upon the Department by any defualt on this subject.

Very respectfully,

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

[18.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,December 10, 1862.

Major-General McLAWS,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: General Longstreet desires a signal station established at or near the town for our pickets to be placed in rapid communication with you. He directs me to ask that you will establish such a station to communicate as directly as practicable with your headquarters. You may call on the signal corps of Captain Manning for any aid that may serve you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

G. M. SORREL,

[21.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 290. Richmond, December 11, 1862.

* * * *

XII. Captain H. B. Richardson, of the Provisional Engineers, will proceed to Fredericksburg, Va., and report to General Robert E. Lee, commanding C. S. Army, &amp;c., for duty with Brigadier General J. A. Early.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,[21.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,

December 11, 1862-7.30 p. m.

Major-General ANDERSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: By direction of General Longstreet I write duplicate of the order, conveyed in my last not of this evening. The enemy being in possession of the town, the general wishes you to exercise great vigilance and care in looking to your left flank, which is partially exposed. Place your pickets on the canal, and give orders to the batteries to open at any hour of the night upon the enemy should he attempt an advance. Most vigilance will be needed between moonrise and dawn, when an attack is thought likely to be made. Ransom's division will be placed in position before moonrise on your right, supproting the

