HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Dece, ber 11, 1862. (Received 7.15 a. m.)

Colonal WALTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: The enemy are building a pontoon bridge almost half a mile below the creek which empties in the river half a mile blow the town, at the loer and of Water street, the lower end of town, and at the street above the town bridge, which is at the foot of Commerce street. The latter is a double bridge. General Longstreet does not wish you to enter into any artillery duel. Fire deliberately and with effect at the infantry and at the pontoons.

Very respectfully,

G. M. SORREL,

[21.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,December 11, 1862-7.10 p. m.

Colonel WALTON,

Commanding Artillery:

COLONEL: The enemy has now possession of the town and may be excepted to make and advance at any hour of the night. General Longstreet wishes you to b in readiness with your batteries and at the first notice of attack to open on them and throughtly rake the streets of the town. General R. H. Anderson is on the left with pickets on the canal, and Ransom on his right supporting the batteries on the Telegraph road.

Very rerpectfully,

G. M. SORREL,

[21.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,December 12, 1862.

Brigadier General R. RANSOM, Jr.,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you send without delay one of your long-range batteries to report to Major-Garnett at these headquarters. The general directs me to say that the principal attack of the enemy is excepted to-morrow on his right and General Jackson's front. He thinks your division, with General Anderson's, sufficient to repel any force that may be brought against you, and desires you to be well prepared. He will be on the right of his line, where he can readily be communicated with.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

We are back at our camp.

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,

December 12, 1862. (Received 6 a. m.)

Colonel WALTON,

Commanding Battalion Artillery:

COLONEL: As soon as the enemy's infantry comes in range of your long-range guns General Longstreet wishes you to open upon them

