
to you the sum of $1,391, for which amount please find inclosed my check on the Farmer's Bank of Virginia, that such disposition may be made of it is may best accomplish the object of your benevolent invitation.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

J. B. WALTON,

Colonel, Commanding, and Chief of Artillery, First Army Corps.

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,Near Fredericksburg, Va., December 23, 1862.

Colonel J. B. WALTON,

Commanding Battalion Washington Artillery:

COLONEL: By direction of the lieutenant-general commanding, I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your check for $1,391, the contribution of the troops of your battalion to the fund for the relief of the Fredericksburg sufferers. In making this acknowledgment I and directed to express his admiration for the generous and feeling manner in which your command has responded to the cal for relief. The members of the Washington Artillery show that they have hearts to feel as well as hearts to fight.

I have the honor to be, Colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

[21.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,December 29, 1862.

Brigadier General R. RANSOM, Jr.,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires you to put a party at work on the trenches on Marye's Hill and have them made better and more comfortable. I am directed to say that in case of alarm your battery will occupy the position on that hill, and will be prompt and rapid in getting there. The general desires me to say it is not practicable for you move your division at present back to the position indicated in your conversation with me this morning. Any change of camp, however, within a short distance-say a mile of two-is not objected to.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

[21.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,Near Fredericksburg, December 31, 1862-9 p. m.

Major General R. H. ANDERSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you send your strongest brigade (not Wilcox's) early to-morrow morning to the crossing of the Old Mine and Plank roads, provided, if possible, with three days' rations. The brigade will remain there until the following day, unless otherwise ordered, and its commander will put himself in communication with our pickets at the United States Ford. Should he

