
positions, so as to be well at hand in case of alarm. He also desires you to put the remaining batteries (those unassigned to positions) this side of Massaponax Creek.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

G. M. SORREL,

[21.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 22, 1863.

A. D. DICKINSON, Esq.,

Senate of Virginia:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 20th instant, asking, on behalf of the Committee of the Senate of Virginia on Confederate Relations, the terms on which the Confederate Government would receive the troops of the Virginia State Line, I have the honor to inform you that the only authority of the Confederate Government to receive such troops is conferred by the act of Congress entitled "An act supplementary to an act further to provide for the public defense", &amp;c., approved April 21, 1862. Reference to that act will show that the Confederate Government can receive troops of a State when tendered by the Governor thereof in companies, battalion, and regiments. Such organizations must of course correspond to the regulations and military system of the Provisional Army of which they become a part, or, of inconistent, must be liable to such changes or modifications as may be necessary to induce such conformity. No organizations superior to that of regiments are contemplated by the law, and consequently no officers of rank superior to those commanding regiments can be transferred or received.

There could be no allowances for the expenses of organizing the Virginia State troops, nor for their arms and accounterments, as note such have been made in receiving troops tendered and accepted from other States. All munitions of war, stores, and the like will be taken by the Confederate Government and their vaolue ascertained in any reasonable manner deemed satisfactory by the Governor of your State. Having been orally informed that it is desired some assurance be given as to the purpose of the Government to retain these troops if received in defense of the important district in which they now are, I can only say that, while there is an expectation that their services in that direction will prove most available, no engagement whatever on the subject of the special emplyment of the troops will but that they must be liable to whatever service and in whatever direction the President may, in his free discretion, determine to be demended by military exigencies.

Very respectfully, yours,

JAMES. A. SEDDON,

[21.] Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, January 24, 1863.

P. V. DANIEL, Jr., Esq.,

President Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad Company,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have just received a letter* from General Lee complaining of the serious delays in transportation over your railroad. You are fully aware of the importance of prompt and regular communication with

---------------

* See VOL. XXI, p. 1110.

---------------

