SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 34. February 3, 1863.

* * * *

III. Lieutenant Colonel Edward Murray, assistant adjutant and inspector general, having reported to these headquarters as an assistant inspector, is assigned accordingly.

By command of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,[25.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

February 5, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: General W. E. Jones, commanding in the Valley District, who has been directed to send into certain counties in the west with the view of obtaining cattle and other supplies of meat for the use of the army, reports under date of 1st instant the steps he has taken. There are but few cattle in the Valley of the Shenandoah, and they have been secured for the troops under his command. The surplus bacon of the Valley has been untouched, and measures have been taken to secure it and forward it at once to Staunton. Two companies of cavalry have been sent to Hardy, Hampshire, and adjoining counties for the purpose of securing beef, and one company to Loundoun and Fauquier for the same purpose. General Jones reports that flour can be had in large quaitites in the upper part of the Valley, the supply being only limited by the transportation. He suggests the propriety of the Government buying stock cattle and feeding them in the upper Valley on ground wheat and hay fro the supply of beef in the spring. I regard the suggestion worthy of consideration and accordingly it to you.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

[25.] General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 5, 1863.

Brigadier General W. E. JONES,

Commanding Valley District:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 1st instant with reference to procuring supplies of meat from certain counties of the west has been received. I am such gretified at the steps you have taken in this matter, and feel assured that you will do everyting that can property be accomplished. I am glad to hear that you have the surplus bacon in the Valley untouched, and approve your plan of reserving the salt meat for

