
stand the great of our army on the Rappahannock for supplies of forage and subsistance and the difficulty of meeting them. The scarcity in this State is really great, and without distressing exactions from the people, and much consequent suffering, there is no prospect of drawing any large supplies from them. Our great reliance must be on the large producing counties of North Carolina, and unfortunately the richest are in the hands or under the control of the enemy. Great efforts must be made to draw all that property can be forced or tempted from that quarter, and there can be no better employment of our forces in North Carolina than in protecting and aiding such operations. Even ilicit dealing with persons of doubtful position or mercenary natures might be encouraged to the extent of procuring supplies, particularly of meat. But with the clear views and convictions you have on this whole subject it is unnecessary to urge the adoption of special means. You will, I doubt not, adopt all that can be made available, and in so doing will have the sanction of the Department.

Very truly, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

[18.] Secretary of War.

HEADQUATERS LEE'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,

March 3, 1863.

Colonel CRITCHER,

Commanding Fifteenth Cavalry;

COLONEL: You will be prepared to march with your regiment on Friday morning next. You will cause five day's rations to be prepared and cooked, and will see that each man has his arms in order, and if possible at least forty rounds of ammunition. It is desired that the men who go should be well mounted. It is of the ultmost importance that you should make your preparations with absolutle secrecy and quietness.

I am, colonel, respectfully,

W. T. ROBINS,

[25.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 68. March 9, 1863.

* * * *

XVI. By authority of the honorable Secretary of War the infantry and cavalry of Cobb's (Georgia) Legion are separated, and will each constitute a distinct organization and be raised to a regiment as soon as possible.

By command of General Lee:

W. H. TYALOR,[25.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

ENGINEER BUREAU,

Richmond, Va., March 9, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: There is still a great want of labor to complete the defenses of this city and Petersburg; and to avoid as far as possible

