HEADQUARTERS,Culpeper, March 18, 1863.

General R. E. LEE, Richmond, Va.:

I telegraphed you last night enely had retired north bank of Rappahannock. From the best information it was Averell's division, 3,000 in the saddle. Pork and hard bread packed in boxes. He was very badly hurt, and left a hospital on this side. It was undoubtedly intended as a great expedition, but thanks to the superior conduct of General Fitzhugh Lee and his noble brigade it has failed; not, however, without the loss to us of such noble spirits as Majors Pelham and Puller.

J. E. B. STUART,

[25.] Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., March 19, 1863.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

SIR: I transmitt a copy of the act of the General Assembly transfering the State Line. I regret to say that the forces have gone home and I will not have more than 100 or 200 men to transfer.

I am, trully,

JOHN LETCHER.

[Inclosure.]

AN ACT to transfer the State troops and rangers to the Confederate Government, passed February 28, 1863.

Be it enacted by the General Assembly, That the Govenor be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to cause, without delay, all the State troops raised under an act of the General Assembly, entitled "An act to authorize a force of 10,000 men to be raised for the defense of the Commonwealth", passed May 15, 1862, and under any act amendatory thereof, including all companies of rangers organized under the act of March 27, 1862, entitled "An Act to authorize the organization of ten or more companies of rangers", or any other act of the General Assembly. In case there be four companies of said rangers, including the company of Captain Duskey, at present acting with one of the regiments of said State troops, it shall be lawful for the officers of said companies (as intended by the said act of the 27th March, 1862) to elect a major thereof, who shall be commissioned by the Governor as of the day preceding the date of the passage of this act: Provided, That such election be made within ten days after the passage of this act, and such major, without waiting for his commission, shall be deemed one of the field officers, who may be elected under the next succeeding section, to be reorganized with companies, battalions, and regiments, in accordance with the laws and regulations of the Confederate service. Whenever two or more companies are consolidated into one, to make up the completment of men required by said laws, the non-commissioned officers and privates may (under the superintendence of such officers as shall be designated by the Governor for that purpose) elect from among the officers of the same grade a captain, a first lieutenant, and two second lieutenants, who shall be assigned to the company thus formed, and the commissions of the other company officers shall thereafter be void.

Second. As soon as ten companies are thus formed they shall be organized into two battalions and one regiment. From the field officers of the necessary grades, now in commission in said State troops and rangers, the commissioned officers of the regiment may elect their

