SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORHTERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 82. March 23, 1863.

I. His Excellency the President has been pleased to show his appreciation of the good services and many daring exploits of the gallant J. S. Mosby by promoting the latter to a captaincly in the Provisional Army to the Confederate States. The general commanding is confident that this manifestation of the approbation of this superiors will best serve to incite Captain Mosby to still greater efforts to advance the good of the cause in which we are engaged. He will at once proceed to organize his command as indicated in letter of instructions this day forwarded to him these headquarters.

* * * *

By command of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,[25.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., March 24, 1863.

Miss AUGUSTA J. EVANS,

Mobille, Ala.:

I beg to thank you for your letter of the 17th instant, and am at last able to answer your inquiries by sending you my reprots of the battles of Bull Run and Manassas-not copied, however, to my satisfaction, but for fear of further delays I send them as they are by the Southern Express Company. The young lady referred to (Miss Duval, of Washington) brought, about the 10th of July, 1861, to Fairfax Court-House, headquarters of General Bonham, the first message from Mrs. Greenhow of the intended positive advance of the enemy across to Potomac. I them immediately commenced making any preparations to receive his meditated attack, and I sent one of my aides (Colonel J. S. Preston) to communicate the information received to the President, as well as my future operations. On the night of the 16th of July I received by special messenger (a Mr. Donnellan) the second dispatch (in cipher also) of Mrs. G., telling me that the enemy-55,000 strong, I believe-would positively commence that day his advance from Arlington Heights and Alexandria on to Manassas, via Fairfax Court-House and Certerville Early the next morning I telegraphed that information to President Davis. About noon I receive his telegram to order General Johnston to join his forces with mine. By that time, however, the enemy had already driven in my pickets in advance of Fairfax Court-House and I answered the President that "I feared it was then too late, but still would telegraph and send a messenger to General Johnston". The latter arrived about noon on the 20th-two days after the battle of Bull Run had been fought. At about 4.30 a. m. on the 21st I sent orders to all the troops to hold themselves in readiness to move at a moments' notice, and at about 7 a. m. sent my final orders to commence the movement (see my report of the battle of Manassas), Generals Ewell and Holmes on the right, to start first to attack and turn the enemy's left and rear at Centerville. At about 8.30 a. m., having given all prelimitary orders, I left my headquarters with General Johnston for the scene of action near Mitchell' Ford, on Bull Run. At about 10.30 a. m. I was informed by a message from General Ewell (a gallant and meritorious officers) that he had not yet received drectly my orders to advance, but would do so at once from information received to that

