
Please being at once the work, and report what you may discover to be the results of your labors.

I am, major, very respectfully, yor obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

[18.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Suffolk, April 28, 1863.

Brigadier General H. L. BENNING,

Commanding Division:

Your communication of to-day is received. The commanding general desires you to proceed on the reconnaissance that you propose, from toward Elizabeth City around the foot of the Dismal Swamp, if the best information you can get will recommend it to you. He wishes you to move quickly, and return to Gatesvile as soon as you have accomplished your object. Please give directions to the regiment left at the trunpike to break it up and destroy it as far as they can, reducing it to the original swamp. From your representation of it it can be easily done. No tools can be sent you from here. It is hoped that you will be able to collect enough in the neighborhood to complete your works. Captain Newkirk's company of cavalry has been ordered to report to Colonel Barker. I regret that I can spare you no paper.

I am, general, very respectully, your obedient servnat,

G. M. SORREL,

[18.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS,

Near Suffolk, Va., April 29, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of [Northern] Virginia:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Here we are in front of the enemy again. The Yankees have a very strong position, and of course they increase the strength of their position daily. I presume we will leave here so soon as we gather all the bacon in the counttry. When we leave here it is my desire to return to you. If any troops come to the Rappahannock please don't forget me. I have not lost may men, but I have lost some of my best soldiers. Captain Turner, of the Fifth Texas, the leader of my sherpshooters, fell on the 15th instant, in a gun-boats fight. A more noble and brave soldier has not fallen during this war. Our line of battle is a very long one. I hope, however, we will accomplish all we came here for.

Please present my kindest regards to all the members of your staff, and believe me, your friend,

J. B. HOOD,

[18.]
HEADQUARTERS,Near Suffolk, April 29, 1863.

Major CABELL,

Commanding, &amp;c., Franklin, Va.:

Instead of proseeding to obstruct the river by felling trees, as directed in my not of yeasterday, the commanding general desires you to mend the road for three miles this side of Franklin, putting it in a good,

