
practicable condition for all kinds of vehicles. After completing it you may then turn your attention to the obstructions, as previously directed. I desire and acknowledgment of this communication. Please send me a statement of the force at your command, and of what it is composed.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

G. M. SORREL,

[18.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 29, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Fredericksburg, Va.:

One-half of Colonel Rhett's command (600 men and one battery) leave to-night by rail for Gordonsville. The remainder go to-morrow morning. Generals Longstreet, French, and D. H. Hill have been telegraphed to on the subject of re-enforcements, but have not yet been heard from. Three regiments of cavalry from Western Virginia, supposed to be en route to join you, but have not been heard from; neither has anything been hard from the two cavalry regiments in North Carolina.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[25.]
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS,April 29, 1863.

Captain B. F. ESHLEMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

CAPTAIN: By telegram from General Lee I am informed that the enemy is crossing at the same place they corres before at Fredericksburg. He directs the artillery to be ready to move. The order reads to be ready only. Please be ready. Another dispatch from General Lee since I saw you. All the available artillery needed in front. Please get ready and move as soon as you can with efficiency this after-noon. Borrow the best horses from Captain Maurin and the section of Grandy's battery. If your detail sent for horses reduces you nmuch in men, get Captain Maurin to lend a few of his; they will be willing, I hope. Let the wagons be as little burdened as possible. In motion let not the head of column go too fast. Have the horses taken care of. I shall ride on after starting all the rest.

Yours, truly,

W. N. PENDLETON,

[25.] Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 29, 1863.

Colonel CRITCHER,

Commanding Fifteenth Virginia Regiment:

COLONEL: You had better draw up your pickets below Port Royal as high up as the enemy's lowest picket, keeping well below their picket, and replace the infantry picket above Port Royal, where are withdrawn. Station your men to the best advantage at points where they can observe their line, so that the number may be diminished as much as

