
possible with safety. Caution your men to be very much on the alert, as a great deal depends upon their watchfulness and coloness.

Very respectfully, yours,

R. E. LEE.

[25.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 29, 1863.

Colonel CRITCHER,

Commanding:

COLONEL: General Jackson's troops have been withdraw from the vicinity of Port Royal and will join the army near Fredericksburg. General Lee directs me to say that he desires you to move up at the same time with the other troops and take position on our right, leaving some vedetts to watch the reiver between here and report any movements they may observe.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES MARSHALL,

[25.] Major and Aide-de-Camp.

APRIL 30, 1863.

Colonel CRITCHER:

You will close your cavalry pickets up to the infantry on the Rappahannock. I have sent your orders by a courier, but have heard nothing from you.

LEE,

[25.] General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Suffolk, April 30, 1863.

Brigadier General H. L. BENNING,

Commanding Brigade:

Your communication of yesterday is received. The reconnaissance that you were about to make has been put off so long, and the movemnts of the troops have been so slow, that the commanding general does not now desire it made. You may, therefore, leaving the regiment at the turnpike, as previously directed, return to Gatesvile and remain there, unless you should be drawn away by movements of the enenmy which require you to meet them.

I am, general, very respectfully, yourn obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

[18.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Suffolk, May 1, 1863.

Brigadier General H. L. BENNING,

Commanding Brigade:

I write by direction of the commanding general to hasten your movements, in accordance with the orders lately sent you. lose no time, and report often where you are and what youa re doing, with such information as to the trains as you may be able to give.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

[18.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

