
HEADUQARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,

Richmond, Va., may 7, 1861.

Major JOHN M. PATTON,

Virginia Volunteers, camp of Instrnction near Richmond:

MAJOR: You have been assigned to the command of the volutneer troops ordered to the battery at Jamestown Island. You will repair their without delay and enter upon your duties. Captqin Cocke, virginia vavy, had been charged with the constructin and arrangement of the battery, and you will co-operate with him its constructin and defense. Two companies of volunteers have been mustered into service by Major Wilson at Fort Powhatan, andhave been ordered to James town Island, of whom you will take command. It is understood that a third company, organized at that point by Captain Allen and ready for duty, has not yet been mustered into service. Should such be the case and their services are offered, you are authorized under the proclamation of the Governor fot the 3rd instant to muster them into the service of Virginia. Proper muster- rolls, &amp;c., will be furnsihed upon application by Inspector General J. B. Baldwin, Richmond. You willa s soon as possible report the conditin, a rms, ewuipments, &c., of the troops under your command. Secodn Lieutenant William E. Morrison, Provisional Army, ahs been orderedto report to you at Jamestown Island to aid in isntructing the troops, which it is hpoed will be done as rapidly as possible.

Veryrespectfully,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Resepctfully forwarded through General Joheph E. Johnston, who willrelieve this gentleman from duty and give the necessary isntructions.

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-Geneal.

[2.]

RICHMOND, May 7, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Believed on good authority Scott will soon make simultaneous attacks on Harper's Ferry and Norfolk. Various indications of such intentions. Letcher's proclamatin ordering Viginia volunteers to remain at home till called out is taken at Washingtona and in the North to indicate indispositin to defend Staere. Harney misrepresented at WashingtonLetcher's intentions. I am requested by prominent men to urge instant action at Montgomery in appointment of a Confederate geenral, if Presidnet Davis cannot come, which all expect and desire. Unreseved confidence in him, but in no one else. louisian troops leave this evening for Harper's Ferry. Bonham beenasked by Lee if ready tomove. Reply, yes. Therehas been bungling in movements of force at Alexandria, which was ordered off again and so on. Railroad from Relay House to Harper's Ferry, Bltimore and Ohio Railroad, in possessin of Government. Maryland committee had interview with the President. Conceded nearly as much as Lincoln could have exacted. Fear increasing in Maryland. Louisiana troops received with great enthusiasm. Considered the finest looking troops here. National Intelligncer of 6th says 1,200 regulars and 20,000 troops there.

D. G. DUNCAN.

[2.]

