HEADQUARTERS,Near Suffolk, May 1, 1863.

Major S. P. MITHCELL,

Chief Quatermaster:

General Longstreet directs that you push the traina acorss the Blackwater as rapidly as you can make them go, night and day, until they are all across. This is a matter of the greastes importance, and you are expected to display unusual energy in the accomplishment of the orders of the commanding general. Inform me accurately by the courier when you will have them all across.

I am, major, very respectfuly, your obedient servnat,

G. M. SORREL,

[18.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Suffolk, May 1, 1863.

Colonel JOHN A. BAKER,

Commanding Forty-first Regiment North Carolina Troops;

General Benning has been ordered to leave a battery of artillery with you, and with the balance of his force to move here with the utmost dispatch. Major Mitchell has been ordered to withdraw his trains to the other side of the Blackwater with all possible rapidity. With the battery of artillery and your cavalry force, the commanding general directs that you cover the movements of the trains in their retirement across the Blackwater. You will confrom your, movements to those of the trains, and report to the commanding general on your arrival near Somerton.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

G. M. SORREL,

[18.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

GORDONSVILLE, May 2, 1863.

General R. E. LEE:

i fought the enemy yesterday at Rapidan all day. His force consisted of Buford's cavalry, two brigades. Burned the bridge yesterday when hard pressed, but held my position until night. He did not follow me this morning. Arrived here at 11 a. m., find everything in a state of excitement; enemy reported at Trevillan. I have made disposition to meet any attack at this place. I have sent the Ninth Virginia to Trevilian. My command is so exhausted that they are capable of very little marching. My scouts reported a column of infantry four miles this side of Culpeper yesterday about 4 p. m. Should the enemy's infantry cross the Rapidan, shall a fight with his forces be made? I have ordered Major Boyle to send his stores to Charlottesville, keeping four or five days' rations for troops here now.

W. H. F. LEE,

[25.] Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Suffolk, May 2, 1863-7.30 p. m.

Brigadier General H. L. BENNING,

Commanding Brigade:

I have yours of yesterday, acknowledge receipt of my previous notes, and announcing your march via Sunbury. The general expects

