
the Confederate Government in a few weeeks. In reply it affords me great pleasure to acknowledge with grateful appreciation this liberal and partriotic offer. The stores will be received whenever Your Excellency deems they can be judiciously tansferred at such appraisement prices as may be fixed by the assessors appointed under the late act of Congress for your State. You will add to the obligation by giving this Department timely notice of the time and place of such contemplated delive, so that the supplies may be duly cared for and forwarded. I am happy to hear of the restored confidence of the people of your State in the sufficiency of their supplies for home consumption, although I may not agree with you as to all the reasons that you state as inducing it. The real scarcity was confided to a few districts, but by the unwonted inflation of the currency and the exaggerted apprehensions inspired by the invasion of the enemy, the convicion prevailed that it was very general. The alarm, however, caused extraordinary exertions on the port of all really without supplies to provide themselves, and now the truth begins to be realized, that your extensive and fertile State cannot be easily reduced to serious want. The relief from such satisfaction, and must by specially grateful to Your Excellency, whose exertions have contributed largely to relieve the public mind.

Witht high regard and respect, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[18.]

RICHMOND, VA., May 7, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

Your dispatches received, relieving anxiety as to the Untited States Ford. General Edward Johnston, I am informed, goes up in the morning. Your recommendation of General Rodes adopted. He is promoted accordingly.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[25.]

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, May 7, 1863.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

General Hill gathering up all troops in the State. I am furnishing militia for guarding bridges, provost duty, &amp;c. Cannot Captain McCoy's command at Salisbury be sent to the front temporarily? There are only about thirty prisoners there, and a militia battalion can guard them.

Z. B. VANCE.

[18.]
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 7, 1863.

Major General G. E. PICKETT:

(Care of Captain J. W. Riely, assistant adjutant-general.)

Continue your march is this direction, but do not fatigue your men and animals. We don't want your men to be broken down. Draw your shoes at Petersburg.

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[18.]

