
fell in achieving it for us. Every man is needed to replace the galland dead and preserve an unbroken front to our still powerful enemy. Unless desertion is prevented, our strength must depart from our armies; and desertion can never be stopped while, either through a false and mistaken sympathy or downring disloyal, they receive any tenance or protection at home. I therefore appeal to all good citizens and true patriots in the State to assist my officers in arresting desertes, and to frown down at those who aid assist them. Place the brand upon hem feel the scorn and contempt of an outhraged people. Unless the good and the patriotic all over the land arise as one man to arrest this dangerous evil, it may grow until our army is well-night ruined. The danger of starvation having happlily passed away, the approaching and apparently bunteous harvest giving evidence of ample supplies for the coming year, our great army in Virginia again jubilant over a mighty victory, I am well assured that our danger now lies in the disorganization producer by desertion. You can arrest it, my contrymen, if you will but make a vigorous effort-if you will but bring to bear the weight of a great, a patriotic, and united community in aid of your authorities.

In witnes wherefor Zebulon B. Vance, Governor, captain-general, and commander-in-chief, halh signed these presents and caused the great seal of the State to be affixed.

Done at the city of Raleigh this 11th day of May, A. D. 1863.

Z. B. VANCE.

By the Governor:

R. H. BATTLE, Jr.,

Private Secretary.

[18.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE CAPE FEAR,Wilmington, May 12, 1863.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of State, Richmond:

SIR: I send herewith a letter* received yesterday from H. P. Walker, signing himself H. M. acting consult for the States of North Carolina and South Carolina, and making, in the name of his Government, a demand upon me for a certain schooner described in his letter and now in military possession here. I send you my reply.# The papers, or copies of them, relating to the case of the schooner as before the Confederate courts will be forwarded for your information as soon as I can have them prepared. The circumstances of her seizure by me are certainly independent of either claimant. The vessel was here at the time the attack on this place from Beafort, N. C., previous to the Charleston was immitent, or rather when it was doubtful whether the enemy intended to attack this place or that. I had need of her and took her under appraisement, and still have her in active service. You will be able to see the merits of the case between the claimants, both of whom, by the way, are British subject, when the papers arrive. In the meantime, I have not considered that it is any pary of my duty to comply with a peremptory demand of a foreign agent whom I do not know in the premises and whose Government does not know mine.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[18.]

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

# See VOL. XVIII, p. 1056.

