
RICHMOND, May 7, 1861.

(Received 5 o'clock 8th)

L. P. WALKER:

I believe there is treachery here. Intellignet and distinguished men believe Virginia ont e very brink of being carried back, an say no man but President Davis can save her. The people will rally around him; they universally call for his presence. There is disappointment that he does not assume entire direction of affairs here. Louisiana troops reported to Cabell. CVabell sent them to Gouham, Bonham to Lee. Lee orders them to Harper's Ferry. Great dissartisfaction prevails here. South Carolin troops refuse to move unless under orders from montgomery. Military control of Virginia is essential tothe interests of the Confederate States. I doubt if their are 5,000 Virginians armed and equipped. Letcher has ordered volunteers to remain at home on plea of want of arms, while there are abundance of arms in the State in the poinion of persons calpable of judging.

D. G. DUNCAN.

[2.]

TUESDAY, May 7, 1861.*

present, John J. Allen, president; Francis H. Smith, m. F. Maury, and Robert L. Montague.

Thomas S. Haymond appeared in concil, he having been heretorore duly appointed a member thereof, and requested that his name and attendance should be entered on the journal, which the coucil accordingly order.

Present, t. S. Haymond.

A communication form Isham G. Harris, Governor of Tnnessee, was submitted bythe Governor, in which Governor Harris says it is absolutely necessa4y for the proper defense of the Mississippi River washing the shore of Tnnessee and of the Cumberland and Tnnesse Rivers to have fifty guns of the following sizes: Twenty-five 32-pounders, fifteen 24- pounders, ten 8-ich howitzers. He states that he has informatin that this State can furnish these guns, and accordingly sends John S. Grnett, of the Confederate Army, formerly of Virginia, to get an order for them, or for such as can be spared: Advised unanimously that the Governor supply to the Governor of Tennessee the nubmer of pieces- fifty 32-pounders with supply of balls, and two gun carriages as samples; and that it be recommended to the agent of the State of Tennessee to supply himself with men to remove the same fromteh navy- yard.

The Governor also submitted a communiatin for Thomas H. Hicks, Governor of Maryland, compaining of derpedations said to be committed by citizens of Virginia upon the prpoerty of citizens of Maryland, inclosing a petition of Charles F. Wenner making compaint of the sexizure on the Chaesapeake and Ohio Canal, withint he boundaries of Maryland, by troops of Virtinia, of a boat and its cargo of grain belonging to him, and asking Governor Hicks to intervence for the protection of his rights. Governor Letcher and answered the letter of Governor Hicks, assuring him that prper inquiry should be made into the matter of compaint, and suitable steps taken to redress what wrong might have been done, a copy of which answer was also submitted: Asdvised unanimously that the grin be paid for at the rates claimed

---------------

*From proceedings of the Adisory Council of the State of Virginia.

---------------

