
Thirtieth Virginia, in the late siege of Suffolk. These gallant soldier being sent on a scout by their commanding officer when on picket on the New somerton road, immediately in front of Suffolk, alone and unsustained, pierced the enemy's line of srirmishers, penetrated to within a few yards of his main line of battle, gained valuabel infrmation, an returned, bringing with tem four prisoners and all their arms and equipments. It is with especial pleasure that the major-genera commanding observes such acts of gallant and chivalric daring among the brave men whom he commands, and while the above-named soldiers have in so doing written their own names on the roll of honor, it is hoped that their example may incite others to deeds of a similar nature. He desiders that this order be published to each regiment and battalion of the division on dress parade.

By command of Major-General Pickett:

E. R. BAIRD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[18.]

FREDERICKSBURG, May 20, 1863.

Major General G. E. PICKETT:

General Longstreet directs that you will be prepared to move promptly whenever you may be called on. The indications are that the enemy is preparing for another effort.

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[25.]

RICHMOND, VA., May 22, 1863.

Governor Z. B. VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

I have received your letter of the 13th instant, and fully appreciate your efforts to check the alarming increase of desertion which threatens such danger to our cause. Orders were long since issued for meeting one of the evils which you mention, and I do not understand how the impression prevails that conscripts are not allowed to sellect their own companies. In General Orders, Numbers 82, of the 3rd of November, paragraph 2, section 5, it is expressly enjoied on the commandant of each State that "he will consult the wishes of the conscripts in asigning them to companies or regiments so far as may be consistent with the proper distribution, and will not separature men from the same county, district, or parish if it can be avoinded. The same rule will be observed with the commandants of conscripts to companies." Under this order each conscript can sellect his own company (unless [it] be already full), and in secure from being frocibly separated from his friends and neighbors in the service. I do not think your suggestion about calling out the militia to aid in apprehending deserters would have as good effect as the organization of exempts under the law providing for local service. If you will refer to the act Numbers 229, of the Provisional Congress, approved August 21, 1862, you will see that volunteers may be accepted by the Executive "for such special service as he may deem expedient." If companies of such volunteers could be organized, the muster-roll would set forth under the law the special service for which they are engaged; they could not be assigned to any other duty than that specified; they would be paid and fed when called out for that service, and the great advantage would be gained by having at all times a body of

