HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,May 31, 1863.

Major General H. HETH,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: In case the enemy take any demostration toward crossing below you, occupy the rifle-pits at once in their front and inform General Rodes, who will move down to connect with you.

Very respectfully,

A. P. HILL,

Lieutenant-General.

[25.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,June 2, 1863.

Major General Henry HETH,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The following letter from the general commanding is sent you for your information and quidance:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 2, 1863.

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that he has received from the honorable Secretary of War information to the effect that the enemy have evacuated westerly direction on both sides of the Piankatank. General Pickett, at Hanover Junciton, has been notified, and Major Collins, commanding Fifteenth Virginia thing of their movements, stregth, probable intentions, &c. The general wishes you to advise Pender and Helt (or your extreme right division, &c. The general wishes you to advise Pender and Heth (or your extreme right division) to be prepared to move down upon and attack them should opportunity offer. The Secretary reports the enemy's strength at 2,000 or 3,000.

I am, very respectfully, &c.,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. T. HILL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[18.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,June 2, 1863-10 p. m.

Colonel J. B. WALTON,

Chief of Artillery:

COLONEL: The lieutenant-general commanding desires you to move for Culpeper Court-House, via Raccoon Ford, with Alexander's and Eshleman's battalions at daylight on the morning of Thursday, the 4th instant. Cabell's battalion will move with McLaws' division, and you will please direct the commanding officer to report to-morrow to General McLaws to receive instructions for his movement. The battalion of Dearing and Henry will be left with the divisions with which the are at resent serving and will receive orders from Major-Generals Pickett and Hood. It will be important for you to move promptly with the two battalions as above directed so as to be out of the way of the troops that will probably move on the same day.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[25.]

