HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,June 3, 1863.

Major General H. HETH,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to inform you that during the night Major-General Rodes will withdraw his pickets form the line herefore picketed by him. He desires that ou will early to-morrow morning picket the line formerly occupied by General Rodes, commencing at the mouth of the Massaponax and extending to the right. In order to be in supporting distance you will move your two brigades in the vicinity of the Massaponax. It is desired that the whole front heretofore covered by General Pender it will be necessary that you furnish one regiment and General Pender there for picket duty each day. It is suggested that you confer with General Pender as to the disposition of the regiments form your commands, so as to prove mutualy satisfactory.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

F. T. HILL,

Action Assistant Adjutant-General.

[25.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, June 4, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanidng, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I inclose a copy* of a letter just received from General Lee in answer to a dispatch proposing the excharge desired by you to colquitt's brigade for Ramseur's, the mistake as to Ransom's having been made not by me, but the telegraph operator. I presented the inducement of the superior numbers of Colquitt's brigade, as also the political consideration mentioned by you in relation to the arrest of desertes in North Carolina by other than North Carolina troops. You will see, however, that General Lee declines the exchange and meets the political consideration, preferring, no doubt, like yourself, despite its reduced numbers. Ramseur's veteran brigade. I am not willing to overrule his determination, adn forces must therefore remain enexcahnged.

With high esteem, very respectfully, yours.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[18.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 69. June 4, 1863.

I. The artillery of the army will be distributed by the general chief of artillery among the three corps. The general reserves, until further orders, will be used in forming a reserve for each.

II. Suitable officers will be selected to command the artillery of each corps by the general chief of artillery, subject to the approval of the commanding general.

III. The commanders of corps of artillery will made their reports to the general chief of artillery and direct to him all applications, requi-

---------------

* See Lee to Seddon, June 3, 1863, VOL. XXV, p. 851.

---------------

