
sitons,&amp;c., and will be responsible to him for the discipline and efficiency of the artillery under their command. They will also keep the corps commander accurately informed of its condition, and make to them such reports as they may require.

IV. For harmony of movement on the march and in action on the battle-field, the artillery of each corps will be under the orders of corps commanders. The same rule will apply to cavalry when attached to any corps for duty. The genral chief of artillery, acting under the immediate orders of the commanding general, may, in battle, command the artillery on any part of the line, and use it at such points as may be needed.

By command of General Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[25.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 151. June 4, 1863.

* * * * * * *

VI. Major D. B. Bridgford, with his battalion, is detailed temporarily for the provost duty of this army. He will reports for instructions to these headquarters. The details now on duty with Lieutenatn-Colonel Blont, provost-marshal at Hamilton's Crossing will be relieved and sent to their respective commands.

By command of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[25.]

Major-General HETH,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The enemy seem to be intent on another crossing at the Bernard house. Move your division nearer to Hamiltorn's at once, and bivouac it within a mile. Leave details in camp to cook two days' packed and to-morrow the wagons brought nearer to you and in your rear. Leave a few men along your picket-line as lookouts.

Very respectfully,

A. P. HILL,

Lieutenant-General.

[25.]

RICHMOND, VA., June 6, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Fredericksburg, Va.:

The reported movement of the enemy on the Mattapony and into King William led General Elzey to give orders to General Wise and General Pettigrew and to send information to General Pickett. I have just learned that the case was not reported to you. A part of Davis' brigade went on the cars this morning; the remainder march to the Junction, and if railroad transportation is furnished there should reach you to-morrow.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[27.]

46 R R-VOL LI, PT II

