
follow the enemy as rapidly as possible and gain information with regard to direction in which they are moving. He desires also that they should go toward Aquia in order to find out what movements are taking place in that direciton. As soon as anything definite can be ascertained they are to return. He is desirous of obtain the information as soon as possible. You will hold your command in readiness to move, having the wagons packed, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. STARKE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]

RICHMOND, VA., June 16, 1863.

General D. H. HILL,

Petersburg, Va.:

To your letter I reply that if you can be spared in North Carolina I would be glad to have your services in Mississippi.

JEFFESON DAVIS.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS,Paris, June 18, 1863.

Colonel J. B. WALTON, Chief of Artillery:

COLONEL: Please send Colonel Alexander to me early in the morning, say daylight, to aid me in selecting line of battle in this gap (Ashby's). Have your horses ready during the early part of the day to move a moment's notice. If not called before 3 o'clock, turn out the horses to grass. Let the horses have grass as much as possible at night, but always have them up and hithced at dylight. Your battalion will probably be required to-morrow at Snicker's Gap, and Alexander's here.

Most respectfully,

J. LONGSTREEET,

Lieutenant-General, commanding.

[Indorsement.]

JUNE 19, 1863-1,40 a. m.

Colonel Alexander will please read and conform to the foregoing so far as relates to himself.

Respctfully,

J. B. WALTON,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery, First Corps.

[27.]

SIGNAL OFFICE,

June 20, 1863-8 p. m.

The PRESIDENT:

From reliable direct sources we learn that the enem have evacuated Suffolk; that every steam-tug and transport in the lower James has been engaged for the last three days in transporting troops to Yorktown; that thirteen regiments have been landed there, and that a cemonstration form that point upon Richmond is expected with not less than 20,000 men, which number may be increased from Hooker's army. The enemy's force (very small)is withdrawn to a point less than five miles from Nortfolk.

WILLIAM NORRIS,

Major, Signal Corps.

[27.]

