
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., June 20, 1863.

Major-General ELZEY,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

DEAR SIR: I have just received a dispatch from Major Norris, reporting a large force of the enemy at Yorktown with avowed purpose to advance to Richmond. Have you any information in this connection? What progress is being made here for local defense? Though the statement seems exaggerated, if the small part of it be true, we may have need for every man that can be raised.

Very respectfully and truly, yours.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[27.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, Numbers 16. Millwood, Va., June 22, 1863.

I. The movement of the army at this time are of the highes moment to our country. Success in the ends in view will go far to restore to us the blessings of peace, while defeat would inevitably prolong and aggravate all wretchdness entailed by war upon the South. Success will not only evenge our wrongs upon our foes, but what is deares still, it will, we hope, soon send us on the wings of peace to revisit our homes. Defeat, on the other hand, will birng back upon these lovely valleys and mountains the cruel ravages of a gertless invader. Thus it becomes the anxious wish, as it is the duty of every soldier, that no pains or labor should be spared which may be essential to success. The commanding general therefore calls upon officers and men, one and all, for a more vigilant and rigid discharge of duty in enforcing good order and punctuality, and most especially in preventing staggling. Negligrence in this respect has, as we all know, already brought on us incalculable harm. Let not this negelct be again reparted at so critical an hour.

II. As a security against straggling on the march a field officer and surgeon will march in rear of each regiment to examine and give written permits to such men as fall out or ranks from desability, while in rear of each briade a surgeon and staff officer of the brigade will be their places to examine such permits and contrersing them if found to be property given. In this order these officers will respectively continue durnig the entire march.

By command of Lieutenant-General Longstreet:

G. M. SORRE.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,June 23, 1863.

Colonel J. B. WALTON,

Chief of Artillery, First Corps:

The division and reserve artillery of this corps will move to-morrow morning at 3 o'clock for Hagerstown, Md., via Berryville, Smithfield, and Williamsport, in the following order of march: First, Pickett's division; second, Walton's reserve artillery; third, Hood's division; fourth, McLaw's division. The movement of each command will begin punctually at the hour named above. The daily march will be about fifteen miles; the camps selected by officers sent ahead with a view to the best points to secure wood, water, and grass. The usual halts on

