
support my left at the Stone Bridge, where I never expected or desired to give battle. Had I had veteran, disciplined troops I would have retired my left toward my center, and would have fought the battle on on rear the road from Mitchell's Ford to Manassas, thereby fighting nearer my reserves, with my right flank protected by Bull Run and my left by the works at Manassas; but most of my troops had never been in line of battle before, and I feared to hazard them in a retreat under fire. If the original plan of attacking the enemy in flank and rear at Centerville had been carried out, I believe not 5,000 Yankees would have escaped, and their army would certainly have lost all their artillery, baggage, &amp;c. Second. The movement ending in the battle of Shiloh was suggested by me. I drew up the plan and order of battle, which I read and explained on the 4the of April to General Johnston and Bragg, and they were accepted without the change of one word. On the afternoon of the 5th I again explained the whole plan on the ground to several of the general officers who were at headquarters on the road to Pittsburg Landing. I only went to the battle at the urgent request of General Johnston, for I was so unwell at the time that, being sure of victory (provided Buell did not form a junction with Grant, which General Johnston left confident could not take plae), I thought my presence was not necessary on the field of battle, but on the morning of the 6th, having put in position the reserves (Polk's and Breckinridge's corps), I left stronger under the excitement and followed them into the fight. At about 2 p. m., finding it was lasting longer than expected and fearing that Buell's forces had arrived, I pushed to the front and war near Hardee's position when General Johnston fell. I had then to assume command, to my very great regret. I had told General Johnston before the battle that as soon as it would be over I should return to New Orleans for a month or two to recover my health, but, events wie. Third. The President has never interfered with my authority by moving my troops from point to point without passing his orders throught me, except when he ordered General Bragg to Vicksburg. The President, through the Secretary of War, has often, however, ordered movements which I positively disapproved, and has still oftener rejected recommendations of mine. I will do him the justice to say, however, that he thought it was all for the best. I think him sincere in his actons, but his judgment is too much under the influence of his good or bad passions. he ought to know neither friends nor foes; the country's cause alone should engross his whole heart and soul by day and by night.

In haste, yours, very respectfully,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

P. S.- Please return Nos. 1 and 5 after reading them, for they belong to my files.

[2, 3, 28.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,Near Greencastle, Pa., June 26, 1863.

DIVISION COMMANDERS:

It is the desire of the general commanding the army to extel a free pardon to all officer and soldier now in arrest or under chargs for offenses not capital. The lieutenant-general commanding therefore directes that you cause all such officers and men to be released from arrest and restored to duty. It is hoped that this exhibition of clemency will incite to good counduct and avoidance of past errors on the

