
part of the persons benefited. It is important that you should see that the recent General Orders, Numbers 72, from general headquarters, and all regulations affecting the discipline of the army and the preservation of private property, receive a rigid observance from the officers and soldiers of your command. A caution against bush whackers is required. Some of our men have already been caught by thm, and others surely will be unless the men are kept in their ransk and within their camps.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,Near Chambersburg, Pa., June 26, 1863.

Colonel J. B. WALTON,

Chief of Artillery, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: The commanding general desires you to put your command in camp to-night on the same stream that General Pickett is on, about two miles from town on the Shippensburg road. Your command will not move to-morrow. The troops will lie over to have an opportunity to refresh themselves and clean up. Please see that it is properly used.

Very respectfully,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]

CHICKAHOMINY BRIDGE, June 26, 1863.

[Brigadier General J. R. COOKE:

GENERAL: I proceeded with all dispatch as far Hanover Court-House, where I found the trestle burned and found that the bridge over the South Anna had been burned, after a gallant though unsuccessful resistance by about seventy of the Forty-fourth North Carolina Regiment. The enemy is reported 1,100 strong, with two small howitzers. After leaving Hanover Court-House the enemy took the Hanovertown road. Thinking they would probably attempt the detruction of the bridges at this point and deeming it useless to pursue, I have come back here and await your orders.

I am, &c.,

J. A. GILMER, Jr.,

Colonel Twenty-seventh North Carolina Regiment.

Reports: General Lee taken; the lieutenant-colonel in command of picket was taken; 8 men killed and 4 or 5 wounded and 7 or 8 paroled; Yankee los about the same.

[27.]

RICHMOND, VA., June 29, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that I be relieved from the command of the Department of Richmond by Major General D. H. Hill, and ordered to report to General R. E. Lee for artillery service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARNOLD ELZEY,

Major-General.

[27.]

