
when the advice was given. The council direct its entry inthis place: Advised unanimously that the number and grade of staff officers attached to the headuqarters of a brigadier- general should correspond with the rule which governs the service of the late united States. According to that rule a brigadier- general may appoint one aide- de- camp fro his command with the rank of lieutenant. one quartermsaster, one commissary of subsistence, and oen assistant adjutant- geernal are usually detailed by the general- in- chief, but when such detail is not made the brigadier- general may detail for temporary duty in these departments officers from his comand, which are generally taken from among the esperienced lieutenants.

* * * * *

JOHN J. ALLEN.

FRANCIS H. SMITH.

M. F. MAURY.

RO. L. MONTGUE.

T. S. HAYMOND.

[2.]

TUESDAY, May 7, 1861.*

* * * * *

The following advice of council was submitted to the Governor: Advised unanimously that the Governor issue an order to Major- General Lee to assume the commane of all volunteer or other forces rom the States who have or may herafter report to him or tender their services to the State of Virginia until orders are received from the President of the Confederate States in reference to the same. Ordered, that the advice of the council be executed by General Lee.

The Governor nominated for advice of council fourteen officers for the quartermaster's deaprtmetn with the rank of captains of volunteers. Filed with papers of thie day. Advised unanimously that he said appointments be made as nominated.

JOHN LETCHER.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 8, 1861.

Brigadier General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, Montgomery, Ala.:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 3rd instant, I beg to inform you that I had, previous to its reception, instructed the volunteer officers of the State at Lynchburg to confine themselves to providing for the State troops and such others as apply to them for their services.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding, &c.

[2.]

RICHMOND, May 8, 1861.

(Received 11.30 o'clock)

L. P. WALKER:

All quiet at Alexandria. Twenty- three steamers in the U. S. employ now in Eastern Branch of Potomac. Vessels loaded with provisions

---------------

*From the Executive Journal of the State of Virginia.

---------------

