
probably find a good camp just on the other side of it. If there should still be any whisky at Scotland Depot when the regiment of yours now there shall be ordered away with you, the general wishes it destroyed. If there should be any other subsistence stores they must be either taken away or guarded.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,June 29, 1863.

Major General G. E. PICKETT,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires you to send a regiment early to-morrow morning to relieve the regiment of General McLaws now on duty in town. General McLaws will move at 7 o'clock, and the regiment ourth to be relieved in time to join him.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS,Staunton, Va., June 29, 1863.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: In is almost next to an impossibility for me to get along at this place without troops, and I have none with the exception of the porovost guard. Colonel Jackson is at or near McDowell with about 1,200 men. If he were placed under my command I could protect Staunton from any raids from the northwest, and at the same time have a force to act in the Valley. I am directed by General Lee to send an escort of not less than 500 men with the supply trains leaving this place for the Army of Northern Virginia. It will take at least ten days to collect that number of men from the convalescent returning to the army. And every day we get letters form the army telling us to push forward the ammunition. Colonel Baldwin has written several letters urging upon us the necessity of sending forward immediately the ammunition. I cannot send of the trains for the reason I have not the escort to send with them. I am also directed by General Lee to retain the men for his army at this point until I get 500 and then send them forward. I have this day established a camp two miles form Staunton of the Winchester pike to organize such commands at. I would like, if possible, for you to send me a competent field officer to make command of this camp. Everythnig that can possibly be done in forwarding and protecting supplies at this post will be done. I send my communication direct for the reason that Major-General Trimble, the commander for the Valley District, is out of reach, and it would be a very delay to attempt to send through him.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. DAVIDSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

[17.]

