HDQRS. ENGINEER DEFENSES, DEPT. OF N. VIRGINIA,July 4, 1863.

Colonel J. F. GILMER,

Chief of Engineers:

COLONEL: Yesterday I sent you my correspondence about getting free negroes from Richmond. It is desirable to urge this matter, as I deem it important to fill up the gap on Mechanicsville road on intermediate line as soon as possible. A prompt action of the city authorities, constables, &amp;c., would undoubtedly in a day or two secure us upward of 500 negroes, if not more.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. STEVENS,

Colonel of Engineers.

[Indorsement.
ENGINEER BUREAU, July 4, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the honorable Secretary of War with and earnest recommencdation that His Excellency the Governor, the mayor, vigorous defense of Richmond, should the enemy attempt an advance in force on this city. The gap in the best line of defense near the crossing of the Mechanicsville road should be closed at the earliest day possible. Brigadier-General Jenkins is putting his soldier on fatigue duty; so are other commanders, but all the labor that can be had is wanted.

J. F. GILMER,

Colonel of Engineers and Chief of Bureau.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS,Newr Town [Gettysburg], July 4, 1863-1 a. m.

Colonel WALTON,

Commanding Artillery, First Corps:

COLONEL: General Longstreet directs that you have artillery in readiness to resist an attack by daylight, remembering that you have no shot to spare except for the enemy's infantry. You will also at an early hour in the morning send all yours wagons, except such as are required with the command, back to Cashtown to report to Major Mitchell or Colonel Corney. You will have them loaded with as many of the wounded as they will carry, and let them give out to every one that they are going gack with the wounded and for ammunition. You will also have three days' cooked rations for all the men of your command provited to-night to be carried in their haversacks, and retain enough wagons to carry one day's more, which you will carry.

Very respectfully,

OSMUN LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERRS FIRST ARMY CORPS,

July 6, 1863-5,30 a. m.

The column will march at once, in the following order: First, a brigade of General McLaws' division; second, Alexander; s artillery; third,

