
[Second indorsement.] ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE. August 8, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]

ORDERS,] CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA., August 1, 1863.

With the many regrets at leaving those whom he has commanded for some time and with whom he has been so pleasantly associated for a much longer period, the colonel commanding must at the same time claim the privilege of returning his thanks to the differnt regiments of the brigade and to Hart's battery for the creditable manner in which each one behaved on 1st instant when engaged by a greatly superior force of the enemy at Brandy Station; to the officers for their assistance in handling their respective commands and for their coolness under fire, and to the men for their great bravery in repelling such great odds by the impetuosity of their charges, in which they repeatedly hurled back the proudly advancing columns. The commander desires to express before the brigade his indebtedness to Captain Barker, of General Hampton's brigade, for his great and efficient aid on that occasion. Again he expresses to the brigade feelings of the kindest respect and highest administration, and reaassures them of the reluctance with which he is compelled, by wounds an other circumstances, to sever those ties which are nearest and dearest to a soldier's heart. Farewell is given with the hope and belief that your deservedly high reputation may never be tarnished, and that when we shall have gained our independence it will be a source of pride, as it is now, to say that you belong to Hampton's brigade.

By order of Colonel Baker, commanding brigade:

JAMES L. GAINES,

Lieutenant and Adjutant.

[27.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIV., ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 2, 1863-8,30 p. m.

[General R. E. LEE:]

GENERAL: I have the honor to reply to your favor of this evening that the heavy pickets on the river-bank make it necessary for the scouts to go so far round as to make their information rather old. I wrote to-day that on Friday Meade's quarters were near Warrenton and his army were disposed partially on the turnpike toward Waterloo, the springs, and along the railroad. Fitz. Lee and Collins both report that at 10 a. m. yesterday there was no move toward Fredericksburg. It is certain, too, that the enemy is well closed up on Warrenton and Warrenton Junction. Nothing toward Salem or Fairfax except a 2,000 (a division), under King, at Centerville. To-day in our immediate front there has been great activity of wagons on the other side. I am waiting now to get the latest indication from the pickets. The wagons appeared to move down below the brigade, a large array of shelter-tents on each side. Five brigades of cavalry maneuvering all day in front of the brigade. I consider it certain that there is a large force about the bridge, and its reconstruction is no doubt going on, though no point could be found from which a view of it could be obtained. There was

