
RICHMOND, May 9, 1861.

(Received 3.10 o'clock.)

L. P. WALKER:

Thirty vessels, large and small, off Old point Comfort, detained by Commander Pendergrast. one, a large Richmond ship fro South America, cargo 3,000 bags of coffee, bound up James River; bombshell fired at her exploded ahead of her. Several attmpts made yesterday to set the city on fire; one next door to Bank of Richmond. This city full of spies. All communications with Washington should be instntly stopped. Special messengers leavehere deailywith informaiton for enemy. The mails should be stopped.

[2.]

D. G. DUNCAN.

THURSDAY, may 9, 1861.*

Present, John J. Allen, president; Francis H. Smith, M. F. Maury, and Thomas S. Haymond.

* * * * *

The council unanimously adopt the following advice, which they respectfully submit for the consideration of the Governor:

Measures ought to be taken to protect the Tide Water Country of the State from boat and other marauding expeditions. The council therefore advise that prompt steps be taken to encourage the formation of home guards in all the counties bordering on the Chesapeake Bay and its navigable tributaries, and that for this purpose proper persons be immediately selected to promote the voluntary banding together of the citizens for their own common defense by offering under proper regulations arms to those who have none; by establishing convenient places of rendezvous; selecting, along the banks of the rivers, bays, and creeks, suitable points for rifle- pits; erecting signal stations along the rivers, and establishing a system for giving warning of the enemy's approach, as well by signals from station to station as by runners and couriers into the back country.

* * * * *

The council unanimously advise that the Governor write for Mr. Gibboney, or some other reliable person in Wythe County, to ascertain what amount of lead can be procured from the mines int heat region and on what terms it can be had.

JOHN J. ALLEN.

FRANCIS H. SMITH.

M. F. MAURY.

T. S. HAYMOND.

[2.]

COUNCIL CHAMBER, May 9, 1861.

Major- General LEE:

Will you, if not inconsistent with your duty, inform me at what time you expect any troops to assemble at Grafton, in northwestern Virginia, and when arms will be furnished. I think it is important that here should not be any delay fro information received from that portion of the State.

Very respectfully,

T. S. HAYMOND.

[2.]

---------------

*From proceedings of the Advisory Council of the 	State of Virginia.

---------------

