
reference to the other guns enumerated in the communication of Lieutenant-Colonel Sorrel, I have to report that I have in my possession no history of the guns of Dearing's battalion dated prior to the battle of Gettysburg. There were in Staunton on the 7th instant fifteen bronze 12-pounder howitzers. I identified four belonging to this corps. I have been unable to get from the battalion ordnance officers of Dearing's battalion any description of this fifth howitzer of that battalion which might enable me to identify it. It was very probably included in the fifteen reported at Staunton. The 3-inch (Rome, Ga.) rifle of Cabell's battalion has no distinguishing marks in the history of guns of that battalion. There had been at the time of Lieutenant Cosby's writing two 3-inch (Rome, Ga.) rifles at Staunton. One had been sent to Richmond and the other had been given to Jackson's battery. This gun was started by me from Bunker Hill being a wagon its way to Staunton, and I am sure it reached its destination. The 3-inch rifle (Richmond make) of Henry's battalion that burst at Gettysburg, burst on 2nd of July and was left behind by order of Major Henry. I am informed that all the guns which were in Staunton have lately been sent to Richmond.

I have the honor to be, with high respect, your obedient servant,

ISAAC T. WALKE,

Lieutenant and Ordnance Officer, Artillery, First Corps.

[27.]

RICHMOND, VA., August 24, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

For some days I have hoped to be able to visit you, wishing to consult with you on military questions of a general character. Events in the south and west continue to detain me here. If circumstances will permit your absence, I wish you to come to Richmond.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[29.]

RICHMOND, VA., August 27, 1863.

Governor VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

Can you send forces to defend the railroad from Weldon to Wilmington, and to aid in the defense of Wilmington? I have not learned of the arrival of any of those troops called for in June last. The case is urgent.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[29.]

RALEIGH, August 28, 1863.

President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

I have no militia proper, but will order out the home guard as fast as I can organize them. Received 1, 2000 Enfield rifles by last steamer.

Z. B. VANCE.

[29.]

