
is (and I advance it only for what it is worth) to order at once the consolidation of Johnston's and Bragg's armies, with orders to move instantly on the foe. Combination, with celerity of movement, will close this campaign with Tennessee in our hands. I wrote you I thought McCown ought to be ordered on duty. He is a soldier. I don't think you can very well afford now to let him lie idle.

Respectfully, your friend,

G. A. HENRY.

[First indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 3, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the President, who may be interested in the views of the writer.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

Read and turned to Secretary of War.

The generals in Tennessee have communicated to you their views in relation to General McCown.

J. D.

[29.]

RICHMOND, VA., August 31, 1863.

CONFIDENTAL.]

Lieutenant General J. LONGSTREET,

Headquarters Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I have wished for several days past to return to the army, but have been detained by the President. He will not listen to my proposition to leave to-morrow. I hope you will use every exertion to prepare the army for offensive operations and improve the condition of men and animals. I can see nothing better to be done than to endeavor to bring General Meade out and use our efforts to crush his army while in its present condition. The Quartermaster's Department promises to send up 3,000 bushels of corn per day, provided the cars can be unloaded and returned without delay. I hope you will be able to arrange so that the cars will not be detained. With this supply of corn, if it can be maintained, the condition of our animals should improve.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[29.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., September 1, 1863.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: The letter of Colonel Lamb, urging the retention of one of the large guns, recently imported, at Wilmington, with your indorsement, has been received. In reply, I have the pleasure of informing you that your wishes in this regard have been anticipated by the action of the Department. One of the guns will be retained at Wilmington.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[29.]

