
SEPTEMBER 3, 1863.

General EWELL:

GENERAL: I sent Colonel Smith to you this morning to say that you had better send a brigade to Germanna if your works were sufficiently progressed to spare them. The enemy's whole force of cavalry are now on our left, three divisions, Buford's, Kilpatrick's, and Gregg's, operating on our left. If foiled, their next attemt will be on our right. We had better be prepared. I am glad to see that your troops are so well disposed. Be watchful and prompt.

Very truly,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[29.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, VA., September 4, 1863.

Major General F. H. SMITH,

Superintendent of the Virginia Military Institute:

GENERAL: Your reports of 25th, 27th and 28th ultimo have been received and laid before the Governor, by whom I am instructed to say that he highly approves your prompt and energetic action in moving with the Corps of Cadets to the support of Colonel William L. Jackson, when pressed by the enemy at a point where their success might have endangered the institute and public property in your charge, the emergency admitting of no delay for orders. To disembarrass you of all doubts and difficulties which may grow out of the movements of the enemy in that portion of the State, and appreciating in its fullest force the necessity of determining, as you request, what your duty is or may be in any contingency, the Governor decides, that although general military service is not due from the Corps of Cadets to the State, yet that corps, to the extent of guarding and defending the Military Institute and other public property connected with it, being a part of the military establishment of the State, may and must be used for that purpose when the necessity arises; and whether the defense be necessary upon the spot, or at a distance even of fifty miles, that does not affect or impair the obligation to meet the duty as the guard of the institution. Emergencies may arise at any time while a state of war exists which may compel you to make the defense of the institute at some other and distant point or points. Of this the Governor desires me to say that you must of necessity decide when there is no time to communicate with the commander-in-chief. Your own military attainments and experience, in his estimation, will always enable you, better than he can do at a distance, to determine upon the time, the place, and measure of such defense as may be needful. It is scarcely necessary to add that needless exposure of the Corps of Cadets shall be carefully avoided. You will act in accordance with these instructions until further orders, unless some legislative action shall otherwise determine. The armament of the Corps of Cadets will be improved to the extent of means at the Governor's Control.

By command:

WM. H. RICHARDSON,

Adjutant-General.

[29.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS, FIRST ARMY CORPS, Numbers 13. September 8, 1863.

By direction of the lieutenant-general commanding, the Washington Artillery and Alexander's battalion (Reserve Artillery, First Corps) will

