
bridges and destroying the roads leading by this place. The indignation is not confined to the friends and followers of the North Carolina standard, but is becoming general and widespread as the insults to the State are becoming known. The matter is worth looking after I do assure you, and I hope for the sake of the common cause of law and of decency it will be done.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

[29.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT NORTH CAROLINA,

Raleigh, September 11, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

MY DEAR SIR: You have received by telegraph before this information of the riots occurring in this city. It will enable you to see what a mine I have been standing on and what a delicate and embarrassing situation mine is. I am now trembling to see its effects upon the country, though I am greatly in hopes that the mob of citizens which destroyed the office of the State Jouranl will act as a counter-irritant and help to allay excitement, the damage being equal to both parties. But, sir, the country is in a dangerous excitement, and it will require the utmost skill and tact to guide it through safely and honorably. I beg again to impress you with the importance of sustaining me in every essential particular and of heeding my suggestions about men and things in North Carolina concerning which I spoke to you in Richmond. the soldiers who originated the mob belonged to Benning's brigade, and were led by their officers, several of whom I was in the crowd, but heard none of them [were] armed except a Major Shepherd. I have also reasons for believing it was done with the knowledge and consent of General Benning, as he remakred to a gentleman an hour or two previous that his men had threatened it. During its continuance he could not be found. A messenger sent by me to his supposed quarters at the depot was refused admission to him, and although he had ample opportunity after the occurrence to have seen or written to me disclaiming this outrage upon the honor and peace of North Carolina he did not do so. As it is my intention to enforce the laws rigidly against all citizens who participated in the second mob, so I feel it my duty to demand that punishment may be inflicted on the officers who assisted or countenanced the first. Should this not be done, I shall feel it my duty to demand the persons of these officers of the State of Georgia to answer the demands of justive. I feel very as din the contemplation of these outrages. The distance is quite short to either anarchy or despotism when armed soldiers, led by their officers, can with impunity outrage the laws of a State. A few more such exhibitions will bring the North Carolina troops home to the defense of their own State and her institutions. I pray you to see that it does not occur again. Should any newspaper in this State commit treason I will have its editor arrested and tried by the laws, which many of us yet respect. I thank you for your promegraph to Major Peirce concerning the passage of the troops through this city. They are now being enforced, and peace can be preserved if they are rigily obeyed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

[29.]

