
the First Corps, under General Longstreet. The guns and their equipment complete, including harness and the ammunition in the chests, will be sent forward. In shipping the armament and property the arrangement should be to send sufficient detachments under commissioned officers with them to transfer them at the several points required. The men will be required to be kept upon the cars, and when at depots or places where changes are to be made they will be prohibited from straggling or leaving the places designated by the commanding officer for them to remain until their departure. The camp equipage s of the several commands and all quartermasters' stores necessary to their efficiency in the field, in view of immediate operations, will be transported with the troops. When ordered, the battery horses and other public horses, the wagons, ambulances, and teams will be turned in to the quartermaster authorized to receive and receipt for them at Petersburg. The battalion will be dispatched in the following order: First, Colonel Alexander's battalion; second, Major Dearing's battalion; third, Washington Artillery, Major Eshleman. The commanding officers respectively are charged with the duty of making, through the quartermaster's and commissary departments, the necessary provisions of forage for the animals and subsistence for the men on the march from Petersburg to their destination. Upon application transportation will be furnished for officers' horses on the trains with the batteries. Until the arrangements are completed and the shipment of the battalions is ordered to be begun, the several commands will remain encamped near Petersburg in conformity to Special Orders, Numbers 16, from these headquarters. The same care and attention will be given to all the animals as if they were to be retained by the several battalions. Officers of batteries are enjoined to strictly supervise this duty.

J. B. WALTON,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery, Commanding.

[29 and 30.]
HEADQUARTERS ARTILT ARMY CORPS,September 14, 1863.

Major M. W. HENRY,

Commanding Battalion, &amp;c.:

MAJOR: In conversation with Lieutenant-General Longstreet last evening, he directed, in consideration of his having telegraphed to General Lee that you had been ordered to a point near Beaver Dam Station, on the Central Railroad, that the original instructions be carried out, and that you move your battalion to the point first ordered, i. e., to a point on the Central Railroad near Beaver Dam Station, instead of going to Fredericksburg as subsequently ordered. Upon your arrival you will report to Brigadier-General Pendleton, chief of artillery, Army of Northern Virginia.

I am, major, very respectfully,

J. B. WALTON,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery, Commanding.

[29.]

RICHMOND, VA., September 15, 1863.

Governor Z. B. VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

MY DEAR SIR: Your two communications of the 11th isntant have been received. Upon receipt of your telegram informing me that the

