
Maryland, that she take no part directly or indirectly. Desires peaceful recognition of independence of seceded States. Military occupation of Maryland protested against as unconstitutional, illegal, oppressive. Final resolutions assert, under existing circumstances, it is inexpedient to call a convention or to take measures for immediate arming and organization of militia. Propose adjournment to a day to be named. Report adopted- yeas, forty- nine; nays, eleven. Resolution made order day for this morning. Federal troops passed throjgh Baltiore yesteday; 2,700 troops landed from fleet at Whetstone point in sight of Bltimore wharves under cover of Harriet Lane's guns and carried by special trins to Wahington. All quiet in Alexandria, arlington, Washington. Much insubordination among troops in Washington and insulting of citizens.

D. G. DUNCAN.

[2.]

RICHMOND, May 10, 1861.

(Received 3 a. m. 11th.)

Honorable L. P. WALKER.

Honorable W. C. Rives left this morning for Montgomery [Maryland] Heights, Md., opposite Harper's Ferry, possessed by VIrginians yesteday. Tennesseeans, Kentuckians, and Marylanders much disppointed at being unable to procure arms there. General Harney ordered to Saint louis. Lane gone to Kansas to raise troops to retake Fort Smith. Congressman Bouligney, of Lousiana, arrived in Washington from New Orleans, reports our movements to enemy and asserts a strong Union sentiment still exists inNew Orleans, but crushed out. Announced, wshington, 7th, Harriet Lane captured privzateer schooner off capes, Virginia; taken her to Anapolis. Announced in Washington, General Scott not yet prepared to cross Potomac, owing to want of cavalry, field artillery, ad camp equipage . Stemaerr Africa arrived from Liverpool. News of the bombardment of Sumter had arrived in England. Created great sensation.

D. G. DUNCAN.

[2.]

FRIDAY, May 10, 1861.*

Present, John J. Allen, president; Francis H. Smith, M. F. Maury, and Thomas S. Haymond.

A report of Colonel T. J. Jackson, commanding officer at harper's Ferry, in response to a letter from Governor Letcher directing him to investigate certain complaints made to Governor Hicks, of the State of Maryland, and by him presented to Governor Letcher, was submitted to the council for adivce: Advised uananimously that a copy of Colonel Jackson's report be forwarded to his Excellency Governor Hicks, of Maryland, and that His Excellency be further informed that orderz have been issued for the psons alleged to have been seized under the authority of the officers of the State of Virginia, at the prices calimed by the owner.

JOHN J. ALLEN.

FRANCIS H. SMITH.

M. F. MAURY.

T. S. HAYMOND.

[2.]

---------------

*From proceedings of the Advisory Council of the St ate of Virginia.

---------------

