
the attitude of electioneering for the favor and votes of their men. If furloughs are granted in the case of one State the same course will have to be adopted for all, and I fear that it will result in serious injury to the service.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[29.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 18. November 2, 1863.

I. The horse artillery is hereby detached from brigades and divisions, and will be assembled in a signle camp under command of Major R. F. Beckham, Provisional Army, C. S., who is especially charged with its instruction, discipline, and efficiency. The commanders of batteries will proceed to-day to comply with this order, reporting with their batteries near Major Beckham's present camp.

* * * * *

By command of Major General J. E. B. Stuart:

H. B. McCLELLAN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[29.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 23. November 11, 1863.

Major R. F. Beckham, commanding horse artillery, will designate two batteries to remain for the present, one with each division of this corps. He will concentrate the remainder of his command at some suitable camp near Orange Court-House, and will devote himself to its recuperation and improvement in instruction, discipline, and efficiency.

By command of Major General J. E. B. Stuart:

H. B. McCLELLAN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[29.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 11, 1863.

Major-General HAMPTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Stuart directs me to say that, since writing to you this morning, he deems it best that General Rosser's brigade should remain for the present where it is, with one regiment near Fredericksburg, in order that we may be able more speedily to develop any mvoement of the enemy upon our right flank. He hopes that you will, by keeping out scouts on the flank and in the rear of the enemy, discover any movement which he may make from his left flank toward Fredericksburg, either north or souch of the Rappahannock, as well as to watch for the movement of any portion of his army back toward Washington, and communicate the same as speedily as possible. He desires you it impress upon General Rosser the importance of sending as speedily as possible any information of a move by the enemy upon that flank, that we may be able to counteract it. He has received your note of this date in reference to drawing supplies by the Fredericksburg

