
RICHMOND, VA., November 27, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Spotsylvania Court-House, Va.:

Your dispatch received. The forage was ready to be sent, and inquiry has been made of your chief quartermaster as to point of delivery. Have directed communication with General Longstreet as advised. Barton's brigade ordered to proceed to Hanover Junction without delay. As soon as it is practicable, it is proposed to send up the brigade from Chaffin's Bluff. Reports from Suffolk have created some anxiety at Petersburg and here.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[29.]

ORANGE COURT-HOSUE, November 27, 1863.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

General Meade's army crossing the Rapidan at Germanna, Ely's Ford, &amp;c., and moving on Chancellorsville. I am concentrating this army upon its right flank with a view to bring him to battle.

R. E. LEE.

[29.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS,November 27, [1863].

[General R. E. LEE:]

GENERAL: So far as I can discover at present there is but cavalry in my front. I have thrown a brigade in line about three miles from Verdierville, and will push my skirmishers forward to see what is before me. General Stuart has gone on my right. I endeavor to keep the infantry as much concealed as possible.

Respectfully, yours,

A. P. HILL.

[29.]

NOVEMBER 27, 1863-2 p. m.

[General R. E. LEE:]

GENERAL: General Hampton reports that Lieutenant Shriver has returned and reports that three brigades of the enemy's cavalry came to White Hall on the Catharpin road, and there turned back and came over to the plank road. General Hampton is still satisfied that there was infantry moving up this way at 8.30 o'clock. I am of the opinion, from all I can learn and know of the roads, that the enemy's main body will move up with his center on the turnpike, his cavalry supported by, say, a division of infantry on the plank road and about one corps to cross at Morton's as a demonstration.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General, Commanding.

[29.]

FREDERICKSBURG, November 27, 1863.

General R. E. LEE:

I have attacked and destroyed a greater portion of the ordnance train of First and Fifth Army Corps, which I found marching on the plank

