
GEENRAL ORDERS, HEADUQARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES, Numbers 14. Richmond, Va., May 10, 1861.

All officers in the miltiary and naval service now on duty in Virginia are prohibited from granting free passes on railroads, stem- boats, or other public conveyances to any person, unless such person be traveling under orders or on duty of the State.

By order of Major- General Lee:

R. S . GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

[2.]

MAY 10, 1861 - 10 p. m.

COMMANDIGN OFFICER AT LYNCHBURG:

Send 1,000 effective men, either of Confederate or Virginia troops, by first train to Harper's Ferry to report to ColonelJackson via Manassas Junction.

R. E. LEE,

Commanding C. S. Troops in Virginia.

[2.]

MANASSAS JUNCTION, May 10, 1861.

Colonel E. HUNTON,

Commanding, Leesburg:

SIR: I have received this morning your letter of the 9th. The two companies recently ordered from Leesburg to Alexandria will remain for some time at the latter place. The companies hertofore at Warrenton Springs had been ordered by me to rendezvous at this place, and were en route before I received your letter. They will remain attached to this post. Leesburg is a poitn of much importance. I deisre that you will strengtheen yourself there as rapidly as possible, at least up to the extentt of five or six ocmpanies- say, one of caavalry, one of artillery, and five of riflemen- so as to be able to put yoourself in connection with the cavalry bedettes and patrols from this post through Aldie, and also to protect the railroad toward Alexandria in connection with the civic guard on tat road, and similar means of protection to the same road which will be ordered to be extended by the force inAlexandria until such sphere of proteciton and pqtrol shall connect with your own sphere, say, some half- way point Commissary Fowle should be advised of the qwuantity of flour in the mill on the Potomac to which you refer, so as to have it tken for public use as required, andinthe meantime you should not allow any of it to go to the District of Columbia if you can prevent it- this supposing the mill is on the Virginia sidie of river, of course. You will stop all flour and other supplies fro going to the District ofColumbia. Secure all the bacon you can, not only for your own command, but for the State, keeping COmmissary Fowle advised in this connection. Make returns, &amp;c.

P. ST. GEO. COCKE,

Commanding Infantry, potomac Deaprtment.

[2.]

GLOUCESTER POINT, May 10, 1861.

General J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER:

SIR: I write you a hasty note in accordance with your wish as conveyed to me by Lieutenant Taylor. My orders were received from yoju early on the morning of the 8th. Under your directions and assistance

