HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Morton's House, November 29, 1863-12.30 p. m.

General R. E. LEE, or

General STUART;

THREE HUNDRED YARDS OF LICKING RUN BRIDGE,

November 25, 1863.

General LOMAX:

SIR: Everything on the line of railroad in the vicinity of Germantown is perfectly quiet. From Bealeton Station to Warrenton Junction the railroad is entirely unguarded. All the Yankee force, with the exception of a few regiments, have moved beyond the Rappahannock River. No Yankess in Warrenton or the Warrenton Suphur Springs. About one small regiment is guarding at Warrenton Junction. They don't seem to be moving down toward Fredericksburg, but directly to the front. I think they design crossing the Rapidan this time. They have made a clean sweep of all their troops about here. My arrangements for to-night was to throw a train of cars of the track and destroy it, but I have postponed for a night or two, with the hope of capturing a waon train to-morrow or the next day. The enemy have no cavalry at all about here, it all having moved to the front.

Very respectfully,

VIRGIL WEAVER,

Lieutenant, Company H, Sixth Virginia Cavalry.

General Lomax has ordered Lieutenants Weaver and Duncan, who together have about thirty-five men, to destroy the railroad and operate in that country. The enemy's cavalry have crossed to the other side of the river this morning at Morton's Ford and our pickets have been established there. There is still a large cavalry force at Morton's Ford and at Raccoon Ford, with a battery in position at both fords, but they show no disposition to cross and I think are only stationed there to guard the communication from Germanna to Brandy Station. The following memorandum of the enemy's movements on the Potomac has just been received:

November 19. One large steamer, with about 600 men, passed up the river to-day.

November 27. One passed up to-day with about 400 men.

I have still the Culpeper company over in that country scouting, and I hope they will be sufficient to detect any movement toward the mountains or upper fords of the Robertson's River by the enemy's cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FITZ. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[29.]

ORANGE COURT-HOUSE, November 30, 1863.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Your telegram relative to movements of brigades to Hanover Junction received. I do not desire troops removed that are necessary to defenses of Richmodn.

R. E. LEE,

General.

[29.]

NOVEMBER 30, 1863-9.40 a. m.

[General R. E. LEE:]

GENERAL: Some skirmishers have been discovered on the southeast side of the run about 500 yards, and past a point opposite Jones' House. Captain Blackford discovered the movement, and will endeavor

