
how much infantry has gone down the plank road. I will be able to ascertain when I get to Parker's Store. I am pushing on the leading brigade down the plank road, sending scouting parties over to the turnpike. As soon as I know further I will apprise you. I will leave a rely at New Hope.

Yours, respectfully,

J. E. B. STUART.

[29.]

PARKER'S STORE, December 2, 1863-10 a. m.

[General R. E. LEE:]

GENERAL: The Second Corps has passed Timberlake's or Parker's Store, retreating down the plank road. Only a few stragglers found. One of my scouts who penetrated the turnpike three miles west of Locust Grove has just reached me here. There was a train of wagons at that point moving rapidly down the turnpike about an hour ago. I importance to find where the army has gone. I will try and accomplish both objects as speedily as possible. The Second, Sixth, and Third corps ledt Wilshire's, a point above New Hope Church, at 9 o'clock last night, inquiring the nearest way to Ely's Ford. Chewning got this from citizens. The only stragglers captured as low down as Parker's Store were from the Second Corps.

Very respectfully,

J. E. B. STUART.

The lady here says that the rear of the cavalry passed here about light this morning and that the infantry seemed to be moving all night.

[29.]

MRS. STOTWOOD'S, December 2, 1863-2 p. m.

General J. E. B. STUART:

GENERAL: I struck the plank road here with Young's brigade. The enemy have crossed the river, a large force having crossed at Mine Ford. I will reconnoiter their upper force and will see if anything can be done. Orders will reach me on this road (the plank).

Yours, respectfully,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

[29.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,December 5, 1863.

Captain W. H. H. COWLES,

First North Carolina Cavalry:

CAPTAIN: It was with extreme regret that I learned that you were wounded when in command of the cavalry on the old turnpike during the late active operations - a post of duty where an officer of dash, skill, and experience was particularly needed, and to the command of which you were assigned because of your peculiar tifness for a position where courage, good judgment, and skill were essential to success. I much regret that your regiment and your country will be deprived, even temporarily, of your valuable services - services which have won for you a

