
name and a place among the bravest, and which cannot fail, not only to meet the reward of promotion, but that which is more dear to a true patriot's heart, the approval of your own conscience, the esteem and confidence of your comrades and your command officers, and the applause and gratitude of loved ones at home.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General, Commanding.

[29.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 290. Richmond, December 7, 1863.

* * * * *

XIV. Colonel J. B. Walton, chief of artillery, Longstreet's corps, will proceed to the vicinity of Petersburg. Va., and assume the immediate command of the battalion of light artillery belonging to that corps, near that city.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[29.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VA., Numbers 103. December 7, 1863.

In view of our national distress, the Legislature of Georgia, upon the recommendation of the Governor of the State, has set a Part Thursday next, the 10th instant, as a day of fasting, humiliation, and prayer, and has invited the Congress and people of the Confederates States, the Army and Navy to unite in its strict observance. Accordingly, all duties in this army, except such as are necessary, will be suspended on that day, and the chaplains of the several regiments are desired to hold services appropriate to the occasion. The mercies of God have been so signally and powerfully extended to this army that it cannot to often humble itself in deep repentance for past sins or too earnestly offer its sincere prayers for future guidance and protection. Let us, therefore, anew present our praise and thanksgiving to our gracious Lord and Saviour for having releived us in our many troubles, and humbly supplicate His deliverance from the dangers which threaten us, imploring Him to strengthen our faith, confirm our trust in Him, increase our repetance, and enable us to bow submissively to His holy will.

R. E. LEE,

General.

[29.]

GENERAL LEE'S HEADQUARTERS,

Richmond, Va., December 10, 1863-3.16 p. m.

General EWELL:

A brigade of cavalry had better go to Luray. I will notify General Imboden.

R. E. LEE.

[29.]

