
MONTGOMERY, February 27, 1861.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

Being animated by an earnest desire to unite and bind together our respective countries by friendly ties, I have appointed M. J. Crawford, one of our most setted and trustworthy citizens, as special commisioner of the Confederate States of America to the Government of the United States; and I have now the honor to introduce him to you, adn to ask for him a reception and treatment corresponding to his station and to the purpose for which he is sent. Those purposes he will more patricularly explain to you. Hoping that through his agency, &amp;c [sic.]

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[1.]

For the purpose of establishing friendly relations between the Confederate State and the Untited States, and reposing special trust, &c., Martin J. Crawford, John Forsyth, and A. B. Roman and appointed special comissioners of the Confederate States to the United States. I have invested them with full and all manner of power and atuhority for and in the name of the Confederate States to meet and confer with any person or persons duly authorized by the Government of the United States being burnished with like powers and authority, adn with them to agree, treat, consult, adn negotiate of and oncerning all matters and subjects interesting to both nations, and to conclude and sign a treaty or treaties, convention or conventions, touching the premises, transmittingh the same to the President of the Confederate States for his final ratification by and with the consent of the Congress of the Confederate States.

Given under my hand at the city of Montgomery this 27th day of February, A. D. 1861, and of the Independence of the Confederate States the eigty-fifth.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

ROBERT TOOMBS,

Secretary of State

[1.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Montgomery, March 22. 1861.

L. Q. WASHINGTON, Esq.,

Washington, D. c.:

SIR: The Secretary of War instruct me to reply specialy to your letter of the 15the instant, and to signify to you that it is the earnest desire of the Government, if possible, to arrange for athe incorporation of the National Volunteers, whom you represent, into the Army of the Confederate States. I am instructed at the same time to state to you that there are some difficiulties in the way, and it may be that they may prove insuperable. In any event, however, you will be promptly advised of the determination of this Government.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. HOOPER,

Private Secretary.

RICHMOND CITY, March 25, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

DEAR SIR: I arrived in this city on the 23d, and find parties still in an unformed state. It is certain that the secession opinion has grown

