
SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, January 3, 1864.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General:

COLONEL: I regret being compelled to inform you that the entire stock of breadstuffs in this city has been exhausted, and we are now unable to respond to requisitions from General Lee's army. The reserve of flour and hard bread has been consumed, and the receipts of corn for the past week have been totally inadequate to our daily wants. The accumulations at Greensborough and Charlotte still remain unmoved, only fifty-four cars having arrived at Danville from Greensborough during a period of four days, while the wants of this Department alone demand the use of eighty cars for the same time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. FRENCH,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE OF COMMISSARY-GENERAL,

Richmond, January 3, 1864.

This realization of what has been long expected is respectfully referred dto the Secretary of War.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General.

[33.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., January 8, 1864.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.:

DEAR SIR: I have received your letter of the 30th ultimo, containing suggestions of the measures to be adopted for the purpose of removing "the sources of discontent" in North Carolina. The contents of the letter are substantially the same as those of the letter addressed by you to Senator Dortch, extracts of which were by him read to me. I remarked to Mr. Dortch that you were not probably aware of the obstacles to the course you indicated, and without expressing any opinion on the merits of the proposed policy, I desired him, in answering your letter, to invite suggestions as to the method of opening operation and as to the terms which you thought should be offered to the enemy. I felt persuaded you would appreciate the difficulties as soon as your attention was called to the necessity of considering the subject in detail. As you have made no suggestions touching the manner of overcoming the obstacles, I infer that you were not apprised by Mr. Dorth of my remarks to him. a Part from insuperable objections to the line of policy proposed (and to which I will presently advert), I cannot see how the now material obstacles are to be surmounted. We have-made three distinct efforts to communicate withe the authorities at Washington, and have been invariably unsuccessful. Commissioners were sent before hostilities were begun, and the Washington Government refused to see them or hear what they had to say. A second time I send a military officer with a communication addressed by myself to President Lincoln. The letter was received by General Scott, who did not permit the officer to see Mr. Lincoln, but who promised that an

