
There is a volunteer company of artillery here from the coutry; they can make good artilleristss if placed immediately tothe drill of piece. I have volunteered to aid hem if they are willing to take my insturctions. All of the se defenses might be made simultaneaously, but the Rappahannock defense is important to the security of this place. Permit me again to remind you that we are without a single tent; we slept last night on the ground. We made some extempore tents by extending our blankets on poles. It is now raining. We propose putting up wooden tents; the planks and nails will be furnished us. If we are moved again to the points above indicated, let us have some tents. It was a great disappointment not to receive our hourses yesteday. In case of an attack by a large force we can do nothing but sacrificae ourselves; our guns cannot be moved by hadn. We can get no horses here. You know our situation. More infantry will be required at ths place. I cannot to- day detail our wants; I will write briefly to- morrown. If these plans are carried out, let them be done speedily without the public ear knowing of the movements. My letters hereafter will be more brief. The engineer, Mr. Clarke, tells me he will have six columbiads planted by to- korrown.

In haste, yours, respectfully,

HENRY COALTER CABELL.

[Indoresement.]

HEADUQARTERS OF DIVISON,

Richmond, May 13, 1861.

No tents on hand in the quartemaster's deaprtment. Will be furnished with a few from the artillery barracks. Horses recommended sent to Captain Cabell.

Resepctfully,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Colonel, Commandng.

[2.]

RICHLMOND, May 11, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

General Lee is now acting with great vigor. Stated inWahington yesterday that Scott needs more time to prepare six months' campaign. Colonel Ben. Huger, Oerdance Deepartment, C. S . A., lately commanding Fifty- third Regiment, Baltimore, has resigned. English editorials on Sumter very favorable to South and condemnatory of lincoln. They ridicule him umnmercifully. Arrivlas in New York hotels greatly fallen off. No financial article. New York papers desponding.

D. G. DUNCAN.

[2.]

RICHMOND, VA., May 11, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

DEAR SIR: As you value our great cause hasten on to Richmond. Lincoln and Scott are, if I mistake not, covering by other demonstrations a g reat movement upon Richmond. Suppose they should send suddnly up the York River, as they can, an army of 30,000 or more, there are no means at hand to repel them, and [if] their policy shown in Maryland gets footing here it willbe a server if not a fatel blow. Hasten, I pray you, to avert it. The very fact of your presence will almost answer. Hastin, then. I entreat you, don't lose a day.

Your old friend,

W. N. PENDLETON.

[2.]

6 R R- VOL LI, PT II

