
ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Montgomery, May 11, 1861

Colonel E. K. SMITH, C. S. Army,

Lynchburg, Va.:

General R. E. Lee's orders must be obedyed. He commands all the forces, Provisional and State. Governor Letcher's orders must also be obeyed.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[2.]

MAY 11, 1861.

Colonel SMITH, Lynchburg;

Substitute for the Alabama regiment 1,000 with arms and ammunition. The Alabama regiment can follow. Arms for them willbe sent to Harper's Ferry on Tuesday.

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant- General.

[2.]

MANASSAS JUNCTION, May 11, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GANETT,

Adjutant- Geenrl, Richmond:

SIR: I inclose herewith for the information of the general commanding in chief a copy of an order* this day sent to Colonel Ruggles, on my right. I arrived here day before yesterday, having with me a section of Captain Kemper's artillery. The Powhatan Troop came up the same afternoon just after my arrival. Captain Green's troop are now posted at stage stables, near Gainesville, whilst Captain Payne's Black Horse Troop is picketed one mile in advance of this place. Captain Marr with one company of rifles is at Bristoe, in my rear. Stop these until shelter can be furnished here. Colonel Strunge and two companies of infantry from Albermarle await ammunition at Culpeper Court- House, which as soon as they receive they will advance to this point. I propose to strengthen this post to the extent at least of a brigade as soon as possible, under Colonel Strange, with a strong detachment of cavalry for our posts and pickets, and should ave also at least one full battery of horse artillery, 6-pounders, well appointed for war service. Please ask the general-in-chief to do everything possible to advance and facilitate these measures, should they meet with his approval, or else to instruct me wherein he would have them changed or modified. The recent action of the Confederate Congress, of which I was first advised yesterday, in acknowledging and accepting an open state of war, and their act authorizing the issuing of letters of marque and reprisal, appear to me likely to throw the door open to Lincoln to take the initiative. I should be glad to have the general's views int his connection. The time appears to be at hand when we may expect the enemy to make some strong demonstration upon this line, a line so vitally important to our cause and a line at this moment unprepared ; to meet such odds, but which we desire to move heaven and earth to keep in a state of readiness for any emergency. Please ask the general to communicate fully and freely in this connection.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PHILIP ST. GEO; COCKE,

Colonel, Commanding Potomac Department.

[2.]

---------------

*See VOL. II, p. 831.

---------------

