
[Second indorsement.]

Respectfully returned to Secretary of War.

The times are strangely out of joint when a uniform regulation made by the President in direct conforminty with an act of Congress to aid the country in its great struggle is denounced by a Governor of a State as an "unblushing outrage." The "notice" in question was given to the agent of the steamer Hansa. What is the presice interest of North Carolina in this vessel is not stated.

S. R. MARRORY,

Secretary.

[Inclosure.]

AGENCY NAVY DEPARTMENT,

Wilmington, N. C., March 5, 1864.

THEO. ANDREAE, Esq.,

Agent Steamer Hansa, Wilmington:

SIR: In pursuance of instructions received late this evening from the Honorable Secretary of the Navy, I inform you that instead of the onethird capacity hitherto occupied in private steamers by the Government, we henceforth claim one-half the carrying capacity of all private steamers, and you are hereby notified that I claim one-half of the capacity of the Hansa on her next outward trip. I respectfully request to be informed when this steamer will be in readiness to take in the quantity of cotton I am entitled to under this claim.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. PETERS,

Agent Navy Department.

[33.]

RICHMOND, VA., March 9, 1864.

Major General W. H. C. WHITING, Wilmington, N. C.:

The conduct of Commodore Lynch and yourself, so nearly producing collision between the army and navy under your commands, is disapproved. You will without delay turn over your command to the officer next in rank, and report in person at the Department of War.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[33.]

RICHMOND, VA., March 9, 1864.

Flag-Officer LYNCH, C. S. NAVY, Wilmington, N. C.:

The conduct of General Whiting and yourself, so nearly producing collision between the amry and navy under your commands, is disapproved. You will without delay turn over your command to the officer next in rank, and repot in perosn at the Navy Department.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[33.]

WEDNESDAY, March 9, 1864.

Mr. PRESIDENT:

I saw General Cooper last night, who issued the order to General Whiting at once. He had just received the inclosed telegram from Whiting, which he respectfully submits for your information. It appears from it that Whiting had already desisted from forcing a collision with the people of the Navy.

Very respectfully,

BURTON N. HARRISON.

