
for not complying in writing. My recollection, however, is not very distinct. I think the proposition was made in September; I am sure that such a proposition was either made or intended to be made. My reason for asking you the question and desiring a direct answer and such proof as you can furnish is that I stated as a fact a short time ago to Senator Hunter (Honorable R. M. T. Hunter) what I have above written and he said I must be mistaken, because he had heard the President flatly deny that any such proposition had ever been made. I wish to use your statement for the purpose of satisfying him, and for that purpose only. It may be that you did not make the proposition; that it was made by Johnstont or possibly by you, Johnston, and Smith, or by Johnston, you, and Smith, and that the denial was a quibble predicated upon some inaccuracy as to the statement. You will oblige me by answeringsure I did not dream this, and yet Davis' denial was so flat as to make me doubt as to whether my recollection is entirely to be relied on. Hunter and I were speaking of the failure to follow up the victory of the first Manassas fight, and I stated to him that it was proposed to invade the North after the 75,000 troops were discharged and before the next call (400,000) were organized, &amp;c., as above stated, and that Davis declined upon the ground that he had no troops to spare. Was there not then a large number of troops idle in the Carolinas and Georgia? My recollection is that one of you, G. W. Smith I think, thought that 50,000 would be enough, but that 60,000 were asked for. This paper is so wretched that I fear you will not be able to make out this scrawl.

Hoping to hear from you soon, I remain, very truly and sincerely, your friend,

LOUIS T. WIGFALL.

If you write before the 1st of May, direct to me at North Garden Depot, Albemarle County, Va.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF CAPE FEAR,Wilmington, N. C., March 22, 1864.

His Excellency Governor VANCE,

Raleigh:

SIR: Your attention is respectfully called to the State salt-works in this vicinity. Quite a number of able men are employed upon them who whould be in the service. Their places might be supplied by free negroes. As at present organized, I have strong reason to believe that many of these men are disloyal, especially those from Randolph County. They are suspected, and with good reason, of various attempts to communicate intelligence to the enemy. Many depredations have been laid to them, and I cannot but regard them, as they now are, not only a nuisance, but absolutely prejudicial to the public defense. I am not aware of any law by which salt makers of military age are exempt from military service. The position of these works, if they are regarded as absolutely necessary to the State, should be moved to the harbor of Smithville, or to the river, where their business could be equally well carried on and such a surveillance established over them as would effectually prevent disloyal men from making improper use of their present faciliteis of communication with the city and with the enemy.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[33.]

