
necessity of making so unpleasant a remark, I must beg that a correspondence so unprofitable in its character, and which was not initiated by me, may here end, and that your future comunications be restricted to such matters as may require official action.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

List of papers annexed to the above letter: Recommendations of Colonel McRae and Colonel Iverson, with indorsements of Genern and Robert E. Lee; recommendation of Colonel Johnston, with indorsements of Generals R. S. Ewell and Robert E. Lee; recommendations of Colonel Scales, with indorsements of Generals A. P. Hill and Robert E. Lee; certificate of the Secretary of War that no recommendations of Colonel Garrett or Colonel mcElroy can be found in the War Department.

[33.]

BURWELL'S BAY, April 1, 1864.

Major WILLIAM NORRIS,

Chief Signal Corps.

SIR: I most respectfully submit the following report: The troops have been removed to Fort Magruder-four regiments of black and three of white-and a large number sent to West Point. There are only two companeis at Newport News, one of artillery, one of cavalry. The steamers lying off Newport News are the Minnesota, Roanoke, and the iron-clad Atlanta. It is rumored and believed that Richmond will be attacked from three different points, viz, Suffolk, the Peninsula, and through Gloucester. Burniside is expected to land his forces at Newport News. The enemy are still trying Chapman. He had several letters, a pocket compass, and a diagram of the road from Warwick to Williamsburg. If they cannot convict him of being a spy they intend trying him as a mail carrier.

Most respectfully, &c.,

JOHN F. MOORE,

Commander of Boat.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to General Bragg. The scount making this report is a thoroughly reliable person.

WILLIAM NORRIS,

Major and Chief of Signal Corps.

[33.]

NEAR GREENVILLE, April 1, 1864.

(Via Rocky Mount.)

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

The enemy have evacuated Washington. Dearing with his cavalry his after them. Agents should be sent to Hyde County after corn and bacon.

R. F. HOKE,

Major-General.

[33.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

April 3, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

GENERAL: I have just received from the signal office the accompanying papers, which I deem it advisable at once to submit to you.

