
Chuckatuck Creek, commanded by Sergeant Norsworthy, and a detachment of North Carolina troops under Lieutenant Bowen, fired into the Federal steamer Flora Temple on Saturday, the 30th day of January, killing and wounding, by the enemy's own account, all but four men on board. On Sunday, the 31st day of January, the enemy with the steamer Smith Briggs, landed a force at Smithfield in order to flank the scouts at Chuskatuck. They were met at Scott's Mill and driven back to Smithfield. Sergeant Rooney had his horse shot under him. On February the 1st Captain Sturdivant met and gloriously defeated the enemy, capturing the whole party and destroying the gun-boat. Lieutenant Woodley, commanding field squadron, Independent Signal Corps, co-operated with Captain Sturdivant fromt the west side of Pagan Creek, rendering most efficient service, capturing then prisoners and securing one 12-ponder howitzer. I most respectfully refer with pride and satisfaction to the official report of Captain Sturdivant. On Monday, the 28th of Mrch, the enemy attempted to land in two barges manned by negroes with white officers from the Federal steamer Stepping Stones, at Day's Neck, just below old fort Boykin. They were repulsed, with the loss of a white officer and one negro, by the pickets and signal men at Fort Boykin. At about 11 a. m. the enemy returned with three gun-boats and shelled the fort and point vigorously for about one four and proceeded up James River as far as Fort Powhatan, where they shelled indiscriminately, doing no harm, but expending a very large amount of ammunition.

Respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

JAMES F. MILLIGAN,

Major and Signal Officer, Department of North Carolina.

[33.]

RICHMOND, VA., April 5, 1864.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: Your communication of the 29th of February, asking that certain light batteries of North Carolina troops in the Army of Northern Virginia be formed into a battalion and placed under the command of Major James Reilly, has been referred to General Lee for his consideration. In reply he states that in grouping batteries of artillery into battalions merely with a view to their better service, attention was given to the troops with which the artillery would serve, both as battalions and battereis; and the arrangement was made to the best of his ability, and his judgment for the best of the service. He says he can make no better arrangement, and earnestly opposes any change. The battalins were not organized to give command to any individuals, nor ought the battalions to be composed of batteries from one State, inasmuch as they serve with divisions composed of troops from different States.

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAMUEL W. MELTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[33.]

SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., April 7, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I would respectfully call your attention to the difficulties now attending the transportation of supplies from the Southern States

