
much as Brigadier-General Corse may be able to spare. You will concentrate this force with expedition and secrecy, taking all necessary ammunition, &amp;c. About five days' rations should be ready at Tarborough. As soon as you are prepared to move from Tarborough you will notify the commander of the gun-boat Albemarle, and inform him at whattime you propose to make your attack, so that he may co-operate as nearly as possible. It will be well for you to place him in possession of your plans and views previous to this notice, so that the may be able to prepare fully for all that is expected. Ransom's brigade will be ordered to march to Tarborough, but it is suggested that he might form a junction with you much nearer Plymouth and save his command one day's march. Shuld you think this advisable, order him accordingly. In your movement on Plymouth, success will depend in a great measure on celerity and secrecy, but great confidence is reposed on you well-known activity and energy. On your arrival before the enemy's position, prompt and decided action will most probably be crowned with complete success. Any delay, however, will enable the enemy to re-enforce and probably defeat your object, or make it cost too dearly for you to reap the fruits so confidently expected. Should you succeed in the first step, in capturing Plymouth and opening the river, then your attention should be immediately directed to Washington and New Berne. For this purpose you should advise Brigadier-General Corse of your plans and movements and secure his prompt and hearty co-operation. It is hoped you may be able to leave Tarborough Saturday or Sunday next. If possible, I will meet you then, and aid as far as possible in carrying out the details of your plans.

Wishing you all success, I am, general, very respectfully,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[33.]

IVOR, April 13, 1864.

Major-General PICKETT:

Sctous crossed last night and report report troops have left Yorktown except a small force for garrison purposes. They went to Portsmouth. Scouts report that the One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania and Twentieth New York Cavalry, witht the negro regiment of cavalry, disembarked at Portsmouth. Our lady friend reports that it isthe belief among their officers that they will make a simultaneous attack with Grant on some place in North Carolina, or in Lee's rear. Most of the forces will be about 40,000 when complete. Forces between Norfolk and Suffolk all told not over 5,000. The Minnesota was much damaged by the torpedo-dismunted nine guns, blew three of her ports into one, tore her cabin all to ieces. She now lies off Old Point, and they say she will never be fit for a war vessel again. I would respectfully suggest that Taliaferro may be ordered nearer the front in the event of a raid, say to Isle of Wight Court-House. Send papersof the 11th. Water high. Creek almost impassable.

Respectfully,

MILLIGAN,

Major.

[Indorsement.]

Received night 13th and respectfully inclosed to the President for information.

[33.]

BRAXTON BRAGG.

