HEADQUARTERS ARMIES CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, April 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General CORSE,

Kinston, N. C.:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Bragg to forward to you, as information, the following copy of an official communication, just handed him from the Signal Bureau, viz:

WAR DEPARTMENT, SIGNAL BUREAU,

Richmond, Va., April 12, 1864.

Lieutenant George E. Mullon sends the following, dated April 10: "Steamer Spaulding left Hampton last Sunday for New Berne, loaded with troops and ammunition. General W. F. Smith is here (Fortress Monroe). It is reported that General Butler will be made Secretary of War." The scout from this Bureau sends the following, dated April 10: "There are a great many transports at Newport News, engaged in carrying troops to New Berne. The steamer Spaulding left last Sunday. I met a good many troops-say 1,100-to-day, coming from Williamsburg and Yorktown en route for Newport News where they embarked as above. I should have written you on Friday, but was engaged with Lieutenant Davidson, C. S. Navy. We proceeded down the James River and succeeded in running into the Minnesota, and injuring her so badly with a torpedo that she was towed off and carried toward Washington. I could not learn the amount of injury inflicted, but will communicate it in my next."

WILLIAM NORRIS,

Chief Signal Corps.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

John B. SALE,

Colonel and Military Secretary.

[33.]

RICHMOND, VA., April 13, 1864.

Major HEROS VON BORCKE,

Asst. Adjt. and Insp. General, Provisional Army, C. S. A.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward herewith a copy of a joint resolution by the Senate and the House of Representatives of the Confederate States,* expressive of their admiration of the generous devotion you have shown to the welfare of a foreign people, and of their thanks for the gallant and efficient service you have rendered in the effort to secure their political independence. I beg you to believe that I concur fully in the feelings thus manifested by the Legislature of our country, and that I have heardwith much solicitude of the sufferings you have endured from wounds received in battles in our behalf. You have my best wishes for yur speedy restoration to good health, and for your happiness during the many years which I trust are still in store for you within which to observe the enjoyment by a prosperous people of that freedom you will have so nobly helped to gain.

Very respectfully, and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[27.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 14, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Major R. F. Mason reports that withi six miles of Charlottesville he has recently found 500 barrels of corn liable to impressment, and

---------------

*See VOL. XXVII, Part II, p. 712.

---------------

