
time the main force nearer to Franklin and South Quay. The reports of citizens below seem to point Weldon as the design of the expedition. The roads will probably retard the advance for several days.

JAS. D. RADCLIFFE,

Colonel, Commanding.

IVOR, April 15, 1864.

Major PICKETT:

MAJOR: A dispatch from Milligan states the Twenty-third Massachusetts Regiment landed at Stone House Whart at daylight yesterday. They were mset by Casey, Woodley, and Cropp's detachments, about twenty-four men, who fought them from 6 a. m. till nearly dark. The Yankees fell back to Fort Boykin. One man captured from us and five prisoners taken from them. The force which landed at Chuckatuck have gone to the support of this party. This will make their strength about Smithfield three regiments and one battery. The force on roads to Suffolk still there. Four regiments were at Joyner's Bridge, on Griffin's line, late yesterday; retired shortly afterward. Will send Milligan's scouts re-enforcements. If you think it prudent, they can at least annoy the enemy there without risk of capture. I shall annoy themnear Blackwater all I can. I am fully prepared now to oppose a crossing should it be attempted.

J. D. RADCLIFFE,

Colonel, Commanding.

KINSTON, April 14, 1864.

Major C. PICKETT:

Hoke started before your letter reached me. Enemy attached our picketsk with cavalry and artillery this evening. Don't know extent of demonstration yet.

M. D. CORSE,

Brigadier-General.

FRANKLIN, April 14, 1864.

General G. E. PICKETT:

Four regiments enemy's cavalry, two whites and two blacks, camped at sundown within five miles of Franklin, near Joyner's Bridge.

JOEL R. GRIFFIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[33.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., April 16, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

GENERAL: I have just received advices from Colonel Bradley T. Johnson, who, at my request, had sent emissaries to Maryland to ascertain the character and number of the forces assembled at Annapolis to the following purport: Eighteen thusand troops were on the 1st instant at Annapolis from the interior. Those only who have been recruited-none from Tennessee. Large numbers of transports were there, ocean and river steamers, &amp;c. The common talk among the men is that they are going to Blackwater. They say they are to collect 30,000 and then go to Blackwater. I hope in a day or two or have fulland perfect knowledge. I believe the above, in the main, reliable.

Yours, very truly,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[33.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, April 16, 1864.

Major General G. E. PICKETT,

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

GENERAL: Your note of yesterday is just received. You should keep the enemy closely watched, and report his movements frequently,

