
WELDON, April 22, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General:

Colonel Griffin, commanding at Franklin, reports as follows:

My scouts report enemy have left Suffolk. Their main force re-embarked at Nortfolk for Peninsula or New Berne. Will write to-morrow.

J. R. GRIFFIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[33.]

WESTMORELAND, April 23, 1864.

Major NORRIS,

Chief Signal Corps, Richmond, Va.:

Since my last communication I have to report that the enemy came to Machodoc Creek on Wednesday, the 13th instant, in five steamers, fromwhich they landed one regiment negro troops and fifty-five white cavalry; professedly in search of alot of tobacco which was concealed near the creek in charge of Mr. J. H. Maddox, whom, with the tobacco, they took off. They advanced about five miles from their gun-boats, but returned imediately, owing to the resistance offered by about thirty men under Captain John Murphy. In their march they burned Honorable Willoughby Newton's barn and Colonel Laurence's house. They re-embarked after dark of the sameday they arrived, and took with them about fifty negro slaves. This raiding party came from Point Lookout, under the command of Colonel Draper and Brigadier-general Hinks of the Army, and Commander Foxhall Parker of the Navy. There is now about one brigade, composed of white and black troops, at Point Lookout, but will be ordered to Washington 1st of May. There is some probability of negro troops being kept throughout Maryland this summer. Seven of the enemy's gun-boats came up the Rappahannock above Urbana four days ago and destroyed property on both sides of the river. This move was intended, I think, as afeint. Burnside's command is to consist of the remainder of his old troops, and the balance to be negroes (perhaps 40,000). With a preponderance of negroes he would hardly venture a battle, and fromseveral reasons it seems probable that he intends to moveinto North Carolina to endeavor to obtain political advantages. Quite a large number of troops have passed through Baltimore recently, but that they have gone to the Army of the Potomac I am not prepared to say, for during the present week steamers have been conveying troops down the Potomac, and three days ago seven large transport steames went down loaded with troops. Burnside's expedition had not left Annapolis on Monday, the 18th ultimo. The enemy have completed a large number of row-boats, having twenty oars muffled (as before reported), and some of them have been sent to Point Lookout. One theory is that they are intended to guard the shores against blockaders; another is that they are to run by some fortification at night, perhaps Drewry's Bluff.

In haste, very respectfully, yours,

V. CAMALIN,

Signal Bureau.

P. S.-Everything indicated that a force will be sent up the Peninsula.

[33.]

V. C.

