
ONE MILE OF CNETERVILLE,

Thursday, April 28, 1865-6.30 p. m.

Major General J. E. B. STUART:

GENERAL: Burnside's (Ninth) army corps has been passing through Centerville the most of the day. A prisoner whom I examined, who appears both candid and artless, informs me that the corps left Annapolis on Tuesday morning, and that there were no other troops at Annapolis except some convalescents. Mr. Hunter informs me that up to this morning no re-enforcements have gone up. Persons who have circulated among the enemy are generally impressed with the idea that there will be a demonstration on the Peninsula. I also think Sigel intendsk something serious. The high waters of the Shenandoah have prevented me from operating on the Baltimore and OhioRailroad. The troops passing to-day have a full complement of artillery, wagons, ambulances, &amp;c.

In haste, very respectfully,

John S. MOSBY.

I will send you another dispatch by Sunday.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 30, 1864-12 m.

Just received and forwarded in haste. No evidence in this of arrival of Eleventh and Twelfth Corps. Do not credit Harris' information, as Hunter has been watching for them. Harris' prisoner may have been [from] a veteran regiment of Twelfth Corps, sent to Army of the Potomac.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

[33.]

APRIL 28, 1864.

General STUART:

I have just returned from Maryland, near Washington. I have received from persons in whom I have the highest confidence the following information: That General Burnside, in command of 23,000 troops, 7,000 of which are negroes, marched through Wqashington City on Monday last, en route for Virginia. Many, if not all, went to Alexandria and vicinity. General M[eade's] army, independent of General B[unrside's] corps, does nto exceed 70,000. I dont' think that he has even that many. A part of the Western army has been sent here, and about an equal number of troops sent from this army west. The Eighth Corpsis at its old headquarters in Maryland, never having been sent to join General M[eade]. The Eleventh and Twelfth Corps have never been sent to Virginia. General B[urnside] marched from Annapolis. All boats upon the Potomac have been pressed into military service since Monday. Six steamers loaded with troops went down the river Monday; three Tuesday. I was on the river the greater part of yesterday, but saw no boats pass. I suppose that those troops are a part of General B[urnside's] corps. The Yankees are expecting another advance into Maryland. I expect to return to my old headquarters in Fauquier County.

Yours, respectfully,

S. FRANKLIN.

[33.]

