
BURWELL'S BAY, April 28, 1864.

Major J. F. MILLIGAN,

Petersburg, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to report the following from the Pensinusla: There is a very heavy concentration of troopsat Yorktown and Williamsburg. I must estimate them, at the very lowest calculation, to be 30,000; some reports give 70,000, 80,000, and even 90,000. General "Baldy" Smith is in command. Troops are still collecting there. Many have gone from the Norfolk side. Negro troops are sent into garrison and white to the field. A grand melee between white and black "Yanks" occurred at Yorktown last week, and resulted in the removal of the latter to Camp Hamilton. A two-turreted monitor has arrived in place of the Minnesota, gone to Norfolk for repair. Burnside has not yet turned up. My very latest information places him at Annapolis. Among the troops sent from the Norfolk side are five regiments infantry and three batteries artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. CAUSEY,

Captain, C. S. Army.

[33.]

FRIDAY, April 29, 1864.

Major General J. E. B. STUART,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I have just returned from a scout. Burnside encamped at Bristoe last night. Fifth Corps, which has been guarding railroad from Manassas up, was this morning relieved by negro troops [and] started to the front. I learn there were about 1,500 negroes. I don't think Burnside's corps numbered over 10,000. You know he has been for a long time North recruiting. I am confident no other troops have gone up, except some fromaround Washington. I will endeavor to keep you advised of their movements.

Very truly, yours,

John S. MOSBY.

You may rely on it that the Yankees will try very hard to make the impression that a heavy column will advance up the Peninsula. Their papers announced on Tuesday that Burnside had gone toFortress Monroe.

[33.]

WELDON, April 29, 1864-9.20 a. m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

General Hoke reports his arrival at Washington on morning of 27th. Finds place much stronger than expected. Can find no position to operate against gun-boats. If place does no surrender without attack, intends to move immediately on New Berne, fall of which insures that of Washington.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[33.]

WELDON, April 29, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

I leave this evening temporarily for Kinston to confer with General Hoke. Will return in two or three days.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[33.]

