
me to call you special attention to this. There are few or no rifles in the country below Williamsburg. A small supply of the m might prove advantageous. Thirty carbines are also wanted fort he sergeants of the different companies. As yet I am uncertain if it is expected that I am to exercise any military control in Hampton. A kind o patrol is kept up by the citizens, fatiguing in its nature, cannot, I think, as effectual as a military one might be rendered. The condition of things there makes it important that the attention of the commanding general be directed to it. It is my belief that until the State has command of the water it will be difficult to prevent the sale of vegetables, &amp;c., to Fortress Monroe, and that therefore it had better be done under supervision. I have directed Nina and around Yorktown slight embankments to be thrown up, and instead, unless ordered to the contrary, to obstuct the roads which from a point twenty- seven miles below WIlliamsburg may be easily made dificult.

Resepctfully, &c.,

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Major of GVirginia Volunteers.

[2.]

RICHMOND, May 13, 1861.

Major- General LEE,

Commandng Virginia Forces:

SIRl: It is perhaps proper for me to communicat to you privately the fact that there is something like fisaffection in a part of York County known as the Poquosin Island. This is manifested in part by an entire indifference tot he present state of things. There have been no volunteers from the region, though attempts have been made to get some. They are not within the limits of the Sixty- eight Regiment of Militia, which does no include the whole of York County. It might be as well and would stimulate them were power given e to call them out if necessary. The island of Jamestown is exceedingly unhealthy and I do not think it would be possible for troops to stay there during the summer. on the mainland, within two miles, it is comparatively healthy, an by a good lookout this would be near enough to protect the battery- near enough for a large part of the force at any rate. If it is in contemplation to appoint another field officer on the Peninsula between the York and James Rivers, excuse me or nominating to you John B. Cary, of Hampton, for a large number of years an active and efficient volunteer officer and a respected and influential citizen.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Major of Virginia volunteers.

[2.]

HAMPTON, VA., May 13, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia:

DEAR SIR: As colonel of this regiment I deem it my duty to inform you that an hour ago two companies of men from Fort Monroe took possession of the Mill Creek bridge, which connects United States Government property with this county, and also of private property adjoining said bridge, including the houses and yards of some of the citizens of the county. They give as a reason for this proceeding that

