
paralled to this turnpike. Ramseur stays to-night on the road from Locust Grove to Germanna and three miles from Locust Grove. His troops are disposable. If I attack at daylight (on which point I ask your views), I will attack Sedgwick with Johnson, supported by Ramseur. On my front Warren's corps attacked me; were very roughly handled. We have a large number of prisoners and our loss is not large, I am thankful to say, though we have to regret General Jones' death. I am intrenched along my whole line and can hold it. Special praise is due Brigadier-General Gordon and Daniel for their brilliant services to-day. I stop to-night at Locust Grove.

I am, general, respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.

[36.]

MAY 5, [1864]-5 a. m.

Major DANIEL:

I had crossed Mountain Run when (3 a. m.) I received orders from General Ewell, dated 1 a. m., to keep my pickets on the river until I was satisfied there was no enemy in Culpeper to attack our rear, or until I was ordered to rejoin the corps. I have just gotten back under that order. As yet can discover nothing on acunt of the fog. As far as can be seen all is quiet. The troops are tired from the forced march to get back by daylight. If I discover no considerable force I'll start to join you again.

S. D. RAMSEUR,

Brigadier-General.

[36.]

WELDON, May 5, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

General Pickett reports enemy have reconstructed Grove's Wharf, eight miles from Yorktown. Evidently he thinks to make a depot there for cavalry supplies or embark troops for south side of James River. Ought not, then, Clingman's and Dearing's brigades be kept to guard Petersburg and vicinity?

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

[Indorsement.*]

Clingman's and Dearing's have not been removed.

[36.]

WELDON, May 5, 1864-9.45 p. m.

General BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

General Pickett reports a large force landing at Bermuda Hundred. He asks for re-enforcements. Have none here to send him. Am using all possible dispatch to puch the troops forward from North Carolina. I have directed General Pickett to communicate directly with you, in order to save time.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[36.]

---------------

*Not signed, but in Mr. Davis' handwriting.

---------------

