
Second, that portion of the State of North Carolina between the Roanoke and Trent Rivers to the instersection of the latter with the eastern limits of Lenior County, thence along a straight line to the intersection of its western limits with the Neuse River, thence along this river, will constitute the Second Military District, under the command of Major General R. F. Hoke, with headquarters at Greenville, N. C. Third, that portion of the department not embraced in the First and Second Military Districts will constitute the Third Military District, under the command of Major General W. H. C. Whiting, with headquarters at Wilmington, N. C.

II. District commanders are authorized to subdivide their districts into sub-districts and sections, subject at all times to modification from these headquarters.

III. Copies of all orders issued by district commanders dividing their districts into sub-districts or sections will be forwarded to these headquarters.

By command of General Beauregard:

John M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[36.]

PETERSBURG, May 5, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Richmond, Va.:

Following just received:

3.15 p. m.-Three double-turreted monitors, three gun-boats, and three transports loaded, with troops off Swynyard's coming up. Three more just in sight. Six anchored off Berkeley, with two off Evergreen.

2.30 p. m.-Thirty-four gun-boats and transports, including three double-turreted monitors, off Fort Powhatan.

Later.-Three gun-boats passing City Point, going up the river.

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[36.]

DREWRY'S BLUFF, May 5, 1864.

Major CHESTNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following is just received from Lieutenant Mappat Berkeley: "Thirty-four gun-boats and transports, including double-turreted monitors, are passing Berkeley."

F. W. SMITH,

Major, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF RICHMOND,May 5, 1864-5 p. m.

Respectfully submitted to General Bragg for his information. Berkeley is five miles below City Point.

In absence and by command of Major-General Ransom:

T. O. CHESTNEY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[36.]

