
Rodes' brigades, whose command is j8unio to General Gordon, to General Early's divison, so that General Gordon may take command of the latter.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[36.]

VIRGINIA CENTRAL RAIROAD,

GENERAL SUPERINTENDENCT'X OFICE,

Richmond, Va., May 8, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I think it perhaps important for you to know our availabel means of transportation. We have at Godonsvile five locomotives and, say, fifty cars- 2,500 men. Above Gordonsville and ordered to that point, three locomotives and, say, thirty- seven cars- 1,850 men. We have in Richmond two locomotives and twenty- one cars- 1,050 men; total, 5,400 men, infantry, o course, and without heavy baggage or horses. There may not be cars enough to make trains for all these engines, and I cannot ascertainf or want of the e telegraphj, which is in incessznt use for other purposes. The engines are capable of drawing twenty- five per cent. More than I have indicated. Would it not be well to send the trins from here at once either to Gordonsville or Hanover Junction! It would save there or four hours' time at least and some embarrassment in moving the trains east from Gordonsville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. WHITCOMB,

General Supeinctendent.

[36.]

WELDON, May 8, 1864.

General BRAXTONBRAGG:

Dispatch received at 10.30 a. m. Order had been given before the destruction of bridge at Stony Creek to have necessary timberrs prepared for all bridges between here a d Petersburg. After destroying Stny bridge, enemy's cavalry engaged guards at Nottoway and Jarratt's, but were repulsed. All troops are being urged forward rapidly as possible. I hope to leave to- day for Petersburg, where prompt and energetic measures willb e adopted soon as practicable.

G. T. BAEAUREGARD.

[36.]

WELDON, N. C., May 8, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAG,

Richmond, Va.:

Dispatch of 4 o'clock just received. I should havestarted t- day for Petersbnurg, but bruning of Stony Creek bridge and movements of enemy's cavalry at Jarratt's requiring new orders and arrangements have dealyed my departure until morning, when I shall run through and assume command as desired. Two of Hoke

's brigadws have passed here to-day and been forwarded. He himself will arrive to- night and folow immediately. The water has improved my health.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[36.]

