
PETERSBURG, May 10, 1864.

Geenal B. BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

Hoke's brigade here. All needed on this side of river. WI	ll sned next troops over the river. Heavy firing at Swift Cereek. Attack the enemy from your side. They are making an advance on us.

GEO. E. PICKETT.

[36.]

RICHMOND, VA, May 10, 1864.

Mjor TERRETT,

Drewry's Bluff, Va.;

Please inform me what traspired to- dy in your front, and whether any force of the enemy is there.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[36.]

HANOVER JUNCTION, May 11, 1864 - 2 a. m.

General B. BRAGG,

Richmon, d Va.:

Your dispatch of to- nioght received. I have just received information that the enemy encamped to-0 night at Ground Squirrel Bridge. The men said they had orders to move at 12 o'clock to-night. I am moving to Ashalnd. If I reahc that po9int before the enemy, I will mvoe down the Telegraph road. A portion of my command is following the enemy closely, and was close upon his camp at Mrs. Crenshaw's farm, at tje crossing of the South Ana, when last heard from.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

[36.]

GAYLE'S, May 11, 1864 - 3.30 p. m.

Geneal R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: The enemy has cahnged his posiion slightly. They are withdrawing, I think, across the Ny. A wagon train which was parked about two miles from court- house has disappeared. I have r eceived informaiton that the enemy's cvlry tried to cross the North Anna at A	nderson's FOrd, but wer driven back. Since commencing this I think the mvoe looks more like a general move, as they are withdrawing their fglanks from the any at Anderson'; s house. Up to hti time there has been no movement toward the Telegraph raod. If I can get a good cahnce I will open, as I suppose your object for my remaining quiet has been removed by their move.

Resepctfully,

W. H. F. LEE,

Major- General.

I may move farther toward Massaponax Church.

W. H. F. L.

[36.]

GAYLE'S, May 11, 1864 - 4.30 p. m.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: There is evidently a general mvoe going on. Their trins are mvoing down the Freedericksburg road, and their columns are in

