
Colquitt's brigades, immeddiately upon their arrival. Communicate to me in the fullest manner practicable all the information you may have concerning enemy's movements.

Veryr esepctfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. HBEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[p36.]

CHAFFIN'S, May 11, 1864.

General BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

Signl corps reported that the enemy's pickets sdo not extend far this side of Howlett's house. They are not opposite Cox's Wharf, as reported this morning, and htere are no signs of crossing to this side.

J. M. MAURY,

LieutenantPColonel, Commandng.

[36.]

SPOTSYLVANIA COURT- HOUSE,

Via Guiney's, May 12, [1864.]

His Excellency President DAVIS:

In Butler's official report to Grant, Mayu 5, he states that the Eighteenth and Tenth Army Corps have arrived in his deaprtment. These corps came fromnorth and South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, and constitute most of the Federal troops in those Sttes. Cannot we now draw more troops fromt hsoe departments!

R. DE. LEE.

[36.]

RICHMOND, VA., May 12, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Every roganized brigade in the Deaprtment of SOuth Carolina and Georgia has been ordered on, a ndis supposed to have reached Petersburg. GenerL Bragg estimtes the cavalry and infantry on the seacoast of those States as not more than a brigade of each. It may be that something ore can be d rqawn from Florida, possibly elsewhere, when circumstances therd are more fully aascertained, and the reserves are so organoized as to be available for service.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[P36.]

MAY 12, [1864]

General LEE,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Part of my lines are held by the eemy. heavy skirmishing is going on along my front, in some places the e emy holding one side and we the otehre. Some pieces of artillery are held so that we cannot withdraw them. Anderson promises me two brigades, and I shall form them on the second line. I ought to have all the pioneers of the army to-night to form a shorter line.

Resepctfully,

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.

[36.]

