
CHAFFIN'S, May 14, 1864.

General RANSOM,

Richmond, Va.:

I have no news of the enemy's cavalry except a dispatch from General Fitz. Lee this morning to look out for them down this way. Colonel Robins has left his lookout place on Malvern Hill for fear of being cut off by the raiders, and withdrawn to the Drill Room on the New Market road. I haveno reports from below this mroning, everything quiet on this side of the river, at last accounts. I will send any news that may arrive without delay.

J. M. MAURY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding

[36.]

CHAFFIN'S BLUFF, May 14, 1864.

General BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

No force has crossed below me tothis side of the river.

J. M. MAURY.

[36.]

BURKENVILLE, May 14, 1864 - 11.30 a. M.

GeneralBRAGG:

Alarge force of the enemy's cavalry, said to be 3,000 strong, is between this place and Appomattox bridge. We have two regiments att he bridte, which have been engaged with the enemy since 5 o'clock this mroning. Cannot the troops att he bridge be re- enfroced by cavalry from Richmond, or be supplies iweht ammunition from there! There are no troops here, but all the property will be sent off. Prisoners who have escaped from the enemy say that it is the same force that burnt the bridges on the Weldon road, and that ehy crossedt he James at the mouth of the Appomattox, and recrossed at Chester. They may aim now to recross at the mouth of Appomatox, or may go back by Chester. They ahave fine horses and well equipped in every way.

L. McLAWS,

Major- General.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 14, 1864.

Resepctfully saubmitted for the information of the Presidnet.

I have directed the Chief of Ordannce to sen up a upply of ammunition to the Appomattox bridge, if possible. I am informaed the road is probalbvy now open to that point.

[J. A. SEDDON,]

Secretary of War.

[36.]

HARRISONBURG, May 14, 1864 - 9 a. m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

From your dispatch deted 12.45 this morning, I feel authorized to continue down Valley. The distance fromhere to Southwest Virginia is too great to return now. Imoboden whipped a cavalry force of eemy at New Market last evening. If I meet enemy, I will engage him- if he crosses Blue Ridge will try to thwart him. I will telegraph McCausland again and suggest that you communicate with him and Jones.

J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

[37.]

