
DANVILLE, May 17, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

Allof our cavalryare without arms, but are being armed at different points. If you will order this railroad to trasport 600 hourses fifty miles, which they can easily do, I can have a force of 2,000 cavalry at Burkeville to- morrow. I have as yet heard nthing from my messages to you of yesterday.

P. M. B. YOUNG,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

GENERA; l The transportation of 600 hourses will require about sixty cars and will take our fright trains two days. Our mens of transportation are all needed for supplies destined for that city.

Resepctfully, your obedient servant,

C. G. TALCOTT,

Superintendent Richmond and Danville Railroad.

[36.]

RICHMOND, VVA., May 18, 1864.

GenerL R. E . LEE,

Guiney's Depot:

Your dispatch recieved. Colonel I ves went with copy to see General Beauregard&gt;I do not know result of this forced reconnaissance this mornig. Will lose no time if circumstnces will permit.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[36.]

SPOTSYLVANIA- COURT- HOUSE, May 18, 1864.

(Via Milford. Received 19th.)

His Excellency president DAVIS:

Dispatch with regard to Hanover Junction recieved. Directions had been given previous to its reception.

R. E. LEE.

[36.]

STANARD'S, May 18, 1864 - 6 a. M.

Lieutenant-Colonel VENABLE,

Aide- de- Cmap:

COLONEL: Your note was received yesterday in midst of engagement. I told your courier to wait, but suppose he preferred leaving. Thought I had replied. All roads from Massaponax to Rappahannock are scouted and picketed. The young man you refer to from Baltimore was carried to GenerL [illegible] I believe all right. Colonel T.'s regiment behaved very well yesterday, andone of his leitenants was wounded. There is no movement of the enemy in this direction or toward Bowling Green. Citizens are very apt to imagine the enemy advan ing on themselves from every point. If you write, please send news. We heaer heavy firing this morning.

Resepctfully,

W. H. F. LEE,

Major-General.

[36.]

