
MECHANICSVILLE ROAD, May 18, 1864.

Major General FITZ. LEE, or

General BRAGG:

Dispatch from Lieutenant Harwood, at Nance's Shop, 10.30 a. M., reports the enemy moving to Forge Bridte. They told citizens that it was one division under GeenrL Merritt. They arrived at Nance's Shop at 2 o'clck last night. Scouts have been sent to Malrvern Hill to ascertain what has become of the rest of their vavalry.

J. D. FERGUSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-TGeneral.

[36.]

WILLIAMSBURG ROAD, May 18, 1864.

GenerL FITZ. LEE, or

General BRAGG:

General Lomax's scouts report the enemy to have halted with their wagons at Nance's SHop, six miles below Riddell's Shop, on the Charles City road, having sent a detachment night befroe last to repair the Forge Bridge.

J. D. FERGUSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutanmt-General.

[36.]

HADUQARTES LOCAL DEFFENSE,

Osborne Turnpike, May 18, 1864.

Colonel JOHN B. SALE,

Mi9litary Secretry, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: I received last night a privatenot from General FItz. Lee in reply to one from me, which I have the honor to transmit herewith. I presume the commanding general has the information it conveys, bnut nevertheless communicateit to make sure. GeenrL Hunton telegraphed last night that htere was a force of infantry, supposed to be smakll, on this side of the river and ner his front. I have heard nothing of it this mornign, but will inform you as soon as anything definite is ascertained. It may be someof SHeridan's dismounted cavalry or "mounted infantry" dismounted.

Very resepctrdfully, our obedient servang,

G. W. C. LEE,

Brigadier- General.

[Inclosure.]

HEADUQARTES LEE'S CAVALRY DIVISION,

May 17, 1864.

MY DEAR CUSTIS: Yours received. I am at Drbytown (or River Chapel), on the road of that name, six miles from Richond. I have parties scouting the country between Bottom's Bridte and the White Huse, and a line of pickets across the country from Bottom's Bridge to Drill House, on Charles City River road (New Market road), where I connect with CXOlonel Robins' pickets from Caffin's Bluff. I have thirty men well acquainted with the country in and about Malvern Hill watching the movementz of Sheridan's cavlry, with orders also to inform me if any large infantry force should march up this way. It is very important that I should be informed as early as possible if Sheridan's cavalry should turn up on the other side of the river. The whole force of enemy's cavlry, three divisins, viz, Torbert's, Gregg's, and

