
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES, Numbers 18. Richmond, Va., May 19, 1861.

I. Brigadier General Thomas T. Fauntleroy, Provisional Army of Virginia, will relieve Colonel Magruder, of the artillery, of the command assigned to him in General Orders Numbers 12, ofte 8th instnt. Coloner Magruder will assume the duties assigned to him by Orders, numbers 5. of the 29th ultimo, from the headuqarters fothe Richmond divsiion of Virginia forces.

II. Colonel R. H. Chilton, of the cavalry of the provisonal Army of Virginia, will relieve Lieutenant Colonel R. S. Ewell, of the same corps, in the command of the tcavlry camp at Ashland. Lieutenatn-Clolnel Ewell will report to Colonel Cocke, commandng at Culpeper Court- House, for service in the isntructionofthe cavalry under his commad.

III. Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Selden, of the infantry of the provisional Army of Virginia, is addigned to duty as superintendent of the recuiting service fort ht provisional army, and will relieve Colonel R. H. Chilton, now on that duty.

By order of Major-General Lee:

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-Geneal.

[2.]

NORFOLK, May 19, 1861.

General R. E. LEE:

The Monticello fired uponthe battery erecting at Sewell; 's point this evening. Four guns were mounted. The fire was returned. She was no doubt injured, as she soon hauled out of the range of our guns and ceased firing. We ae sending additional guns andshot to that point to- night.

F. FORREST.

[2.]

HEAUQARTES,

Gloucester Point, May 19, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-GeernalL:

COLONEL; I had the honor to inform you, in my communication fot he - instnt, that thelight batteries at this post were inefficient in cousequence of the wsant of horses and equiopments. Since the date of that communicatin Captain H. C. Cbell's battery has been supplied with foty-four horses; but hs battery consists of only four 6- pounder pieces, while the nubmer of menis entirely disproportionate tot he number offield pieces. His commandnumbes 118. The howitzer battery, which is admirably adapted for service in this country, is entirely dificient in p8ieces, horses, and equipments. There is but one howitzer with the command, the other being a rifled 6-pounder. Lieutenant Brown has been promoted to a captaincy, and Ihave ordered him to Richmond for the purpose of making such requisition as may be necessary to secure the efficiency of his command. I have to ask that the commanding genreal witll order to this post a full company (Brown's) with these additional howitzers, and authorize the requisiton. I beg again to repeat the fact that the infantry commandis limited to but wo companies, ana I cannot tell when otehrs from this section will offer themselves for service. Should an effotrt be made by the enemy to assail this place in rearinany nubers it is manifest that so small a force

