
HANOVER COURT-HOUSE, May 24, 1864--7.15 p. m.

General B. BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

I moved to Hanover Court-House this morning at daylight, by order of General R. E. Lee, and have reported to him. Enemy's cavalry have been passing up the river all day. They commenced passing by Aylett's this morning at daylight. I can be communicated with by telegraph at this place. I telegraphed at 1.30 a. m. to General Ransom that I would leave for this place.

L. L. LOMAX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[36.]

CHESTER, May 24, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

(Care of General Beauregard.)

Can a brigade be added to my force? The local troops must return to their work. I have nothing for guards to prisoners and many other demands. The militia and reserves cannot be used. The militia are daily disappearing. No reserves yet in. Ransom's brigade would supply every demand here and the locals could remain constantly at their important work.

R. RANSOM, Jr.,

Major-General.

[36.]
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, May 24, 1864.

General J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: I take pleasure in forwarding the accompanying statement of great success in the part month in laying in Government supplies.* I attribute this entirely to the working of our lights as now disposed. You will observe that not a single instance of capture has occurred in the inward trips, though the number of arrivals has been very large. The loss of the Greyhound and Young Republic, outward bound, took place far at sea and was not unexpected, neither boat being fit for the business. If we can secure the harbor from surprise or a coup de main I anticipate the happiest results during the coming months. The placing the lights of course entails increased vigilance. So far I have every reason to be satisfied with the garrison. The question of labor troubles me, the forts on the New Inlet being still incomplete, especially against surprise, but I hope to get all in order before the enemy can take advantage of our want of troops.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[36.]

NEAR CHESTER, May 25, 1864--1 p. m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

Lieutenant Minor, C. S. Navy, reports four monitors and six wooden gun-boats in James River, necessitating protection of the Howlett battery for our three iron-clads. Can we not have sent immediately for

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

