
HANCOCK'S HOUSE, May 28, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

I have no knowledge of any order from you to abandon Petersburg to its fate. Have ordered my files searched. Will send you copy of orders bearing on subject. May not statement refer to your order of 14th or 15th instant to Whiting?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[36.]

McKENZIE'S CORNER, May 29, 1864--5 p. m.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The column of enemy's infantry that advanced from Taliaferro's Mill to Doctor Shelton's is now moving from the latter place to McKenzie's Corner, their advance being within three-quarters of a mile of this place. General Wright's brigade of infantry is in position where the Hanover Court-House and Mechanicsville road crosses the Totopotomoy Creek. A scout just reports that a heavy column of enemy's infantry with wagons, &c., is still moving from Taliaferro's Mill to Doctor Shelton's. This advance from Doctor Shelton's may not be their entire force, as a portion may have gone down to General Breckinridge's front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FITZ. LEE,

Major-General.

The main portion of our cavalry, with the exception of this division, is up about Peake's Station.

F. L.,

Major-General.

[36.]

HUNDLEY'S CORNER, May 29, [1864]--5 p. m.

Colonel TAYLOR:

General Butler, of the cavalry, reports a heavy column of infantry advancing on this point from the direction of Linney's and a mile and a quarter from here. Captain PAGE reports cavalry and infantry between Bethesda Church and this road, moving in this direction. General Rodes (General Early is not here) has put his division in line on the right of Early's and Gordon's on the left. This throws his right some distance toward the Mechanicsville pike.

I am, Colonel, respectfully, yours,

A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[36.]
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S DIVISION,May 29, 1864.

Major-General HAMPTON,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Reliable scouts just from the other side of the Pamunkey report the rear of enemy's cavalry crossed that river at Hanovertown at 4 p. m. on 27th, and their infantry (Burnside commenced crossing immediately after and finished that night. Sedgwick's corps began crossing early yesterday morning. Scouts think Hancock crossed a

