
McKENZIE'S CORNER, May 30, [1864]--4.30 p. m.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Enemy's infantry appears moving by Taliaferro's Mill, in the direction of Doctor Shelton's. Doctor Shelton lives on the road from this point to Aenon Church. I think it must be the same referred to by Colonel Bradley T. Johnson, as appearing about Doctor Price's, and is probably the advance of the infantry reported to have crossed the Pamunkey above Hanovertown. Captain Timberlake has just seen a large force of enemy's infantry upon Laney Jones' place. Laney Jones' is one mile and a quarter southwest of the point Crump's Creek crosses the Pamunkey River road. When Captain Timberlake saw this party they were stationary, with arms stacked.

Most respectfully,

FITZ. LEE,

Major-General.

[36.]

LEBANON CHURCH, May 30, 1864--1.35 p. m.

Major-General HAMPTON:

GENERAL: I think the force of the enemy in my front is withdrawing. Large bodies of infantry have [been] moving to Peake's Turn-out from woods on left and moving up road to Cash Corner.

Respectfully,

W. H. F. LEE,

Major-General.

Can see the flag of Sixth Corps very distinctly.

[36.]

ASHLAND, May 30, 1864--10 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The enemy retired from the Court-House at 7 a. m., in direction of Mechanicsville. Force, four brigades infantry; no artillery or cavalry. Their rear just disappeared.

Respectfully,

BRADLEY T. JOHNSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

[36.]
HEADQUARTERS,Cold Harbor, May 30, 1864.

[Major General FITZ. LEE:]

GENERAL: I drove in the enemy's cavalry pickets at Barker's house at 2 o'clock to-day and encountered their main force at Matadequin Creek, and after an engagement of about three hours was forced to retire by exhaustion of ammunition and largely superior numbers. I do not think that they had infantry, and from all that I could learn I do not think they have infantry moving down this side the Pamunkey River. I will send scouts to-night and endeavor to get between the Old Church road and the river and will notify you of their reports. They have a large force of cavalry; prisoners say a corps.

Very respectfully,

M. C. BUTLER,

Brigadier-General of Cavalry.

[36.]

