
Beaver Dam is impassable and that on the Matadequin very difficult of passage. I am in position to cut the enemy off from the road to Cold Harbor by Bethesda and command it myself. I shall await orders. If Anderson had moved down the road from Hundley's Corner, I think we could have struck the enemy a severe blow. As it is, all we have to regret is the loss of valuable officers and men in Pegram's brigade, which is one I much deplore. The enemy was not discovered to be intrenched until the brigade was very close to his line, and the loss was sustained before re-enforcements could get up. I will be found with the troops about a mile this side of Bethesda.

Respectfully,

J. A. EARLY,

Major-General.

[36.]
HEADQUARTERS EARLY'S DIVISION,May 31, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The cavalry picket has been driven in on the Cold Harbor road obliquely in front of our right. Two prisoners from the Fourth Maryland state that the Fifth Corps is over in that direction intrenching. I think this report of the prisoners, taken in connection with the driving in of our cavalry pickets, is worthy of being reported to General Early.

I am, very respectfully,

S. D. RAMSEUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[36.]

MAY 31, 1864.

Colonel TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The instructions of General Lee have been attended to. The engagement of this evening was a very small affair. Only three regiments of my division were slightly engaged, which was all I have present.

Very respectfully, yours,

R. F. HOKE,

Major-General.

[36.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. CAROLINA AND SOUTHERN VIRGINIA,May 31, 1864.

Flag-Officer JOHN K. MITCHELL,

Commanding James River Squadron, Drewry's Bluff, Va.:

SIR: Your letter of the 30th instant was received last night. I regret to have to inform you that the movements of my forces are of such a nature at present as to render it impracticable to complete the battery of three heavy guns at Doctor Howlett's. Hence your operations in the James River must not depend on any assistance to be derived from that battery.

Hoping that you may still be able to command the navigation of that stream, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[36.]

