
BOTTOM'S BRIDGE, June 4, 1864--10.30 p. m.

General BRAGG:

The enemy's cavalry did not cross the Chickahominy below Long Bridge to-day, as reported. They merely established pickets on the other side.

R. RANSOM, Jr.,

Major-General.

[36.]

WILMINGTON, June 4, 1864.

General BRAGG:

I received a dispatch from Major Strong directing earth-works to be erected for bridges. The works have been designated, but have no labor at all. If I could increase Colonel Jackson's force at Kenansville the road will be safe as far as Goldsborough.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[36.]

RICHMOND, June 4, 1864.

[General BRAGG:]

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the following as the result of my inspection of the important bridges and of the guards on the line of railroad between Richmond, Va., and Wilmington, N. C., in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 123, paragraph XIII, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office:

Richmond to Petersburg.--At Falling Creek bridge, six miles from Richmond, there was no guard on the 27th ultimo.

Swift Creek.--The bridge over Swift Creek, about three miles from Petersburg, is about 280 feet in length. The guard on the 27th ultimo consisted of thirty-eight men well armed and two commissioned officers of Company E, Sixty-fourth Georgia Regiment, Lieutenant J. F. Rice commanding guard. On the south side of the creek, commanding the approaches to the bridge, earth-works for artillery and infantry have been constructed. There was no artillery there. Being so near Petersburg, this bridge may be considered as within the line of city defenses; at least the requisite force could easily be sent from the troops in and about the city when necessary to repel any raid upon the bridge.

Petersburg to Weldon.--At the bridge over the Rowanty, a small stream eighteen miles south of Petersburg, there was on the 1st instant a guard of eighty men of the Holcombe Legion, well armed, Captain Dunbar commanding.

Stony Creek.--At this bridge, two miles farther south, the guard on the 1st instant was 250 men of Holcombe's Legion, well armed. There were also twenty-six mounted men of the Eighth North Carolina Cavalry employed as scouts, &amp;c.

Nottoway River.--The guard at this bridge, five miles farther south, was, on the 1st instant, 120 men of the Holcombe Legion, well armed, Captain Briant commanding. The force at these three bridges was at that time under command of Colonel Crawley at Stony Creek. The bridges at Stony Creek and Nottoway were burned by the enemy in their late raid upon this road. They have been replaced by substantial bridges, over which the trains were running regularly. Earth-works have been thrown up and were being extended at the last-named bridges. There was no artillery there. I directed two guns to be sent

