
MILITARY RENDEZVOUS, Staunton, May 21, 1861.

Major General R. E. LEE:

SIR: I have this morning sent off form this post, with orders to report to Colonel Jackson, at Harper's Ferry, two companies, one an infantry company from the county of Monroe, numbering eighty- seven men, including commissioned and non- commissioned officers; the other a rifle company from the county of Alleghany, numbering seventy one men, including commissioned and non- commissioned officers. I have armed both companies with flint- lock muskets, a portion of the arms brought over from Lexington. I find with the western troops a very great in disposition to take these arms, and it world be better, if possible, to give them the improved arms, as most of them are fine marksmen. their remain here now buy three companies, two cavalry companies and a rifle company, which last I will send to Harper's Ferry as soon as I can get them properly equipped, which will be in a day or two. The cavalry companies were ordered her before I reached the post, for the purpose of sending them to the northwest, as I understand. They have not yet been armed, but will be in a day or two, when I shall order them in that direction, ion accordance with what seems to have been determined on.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

John ECHOLS,

Lieutenant- Colonel.

[2.]

RALEIGH, n. C., May 22, 1861.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Our arsenal will be transferred to you. Can you induce Governor Letcher to send part of his machinery for making small- arms to us at once!

JOHN W. ELLIS.

T. L. CLINGAMAN.

[Indorsement.]

Will endeavor to obtain the requisite machinery.

J. D.

[1]

WEDNESDAY, May 22, 1861.*

Present, John J. Allen, president; F. H. Smith, m. F. Maury, R. L. Montague, and Thomas S. Haymond.

* * * * *

The council unanimously advise that the president of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad organize a protective force to guard exposed portions of the road and bridges temporarily, at the expense of the State; of which he is required to make report to the Governor immediately thereafter, stating the number employed and the expense thereof. The council advise that so much of the harper's Ferry machinery adapted to the manufacture of rifles as can in the opinion of the ordnance department be spared without inconvenience to the service o the State and as can be promptly and advantageously employed at Fayetteville be loaned to the State of north Carolina for the purpose of immediately commencing the manufacture of small- arms at that point, and that the Governor o that State be invited to send suitable

---------------

*From proceedings of the Advisory Council of the State of Virginia.

---------------

