
still in operation. I now notify you to remove your force from any portion of the sound east of Wilmington. Orders have been issued that they will no longer be permitted to work where they are.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[36.]

WAYNESBOROUGH,

June 6, 1864--9.30 p. m. (Via Mountain Gap.)

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

I have just learned that General Elzey is in the country near Lexington, forty-three miles form here. If you have orders for him, I will send courier to him.

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

[37.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, June 6, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

GENERAL: From a conversation with General Smith just now I apprehend that my brief remarks to you this morning left the impression that it was asked that the Corps of Cadets should be returned to the institute for its defense, without regard to anything else. If so, I must have expressed myself unintelligibly. My impression was that the Government would probably re-enforce the troops in the Valley, which would enable the Corps of Cadets to resume its legitimate military duty at the institute, without the hazard of being overwhelmed or captured, and to co-operate with the Government troops in case of need.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. RICHARDSON,

Adjutant-General.

[37.]

RICHMOND, June 7, 1864--4.30 p. m.

General R. E. LEE:

None of my telegrams to you have ever been acknowledged. I do not learn that they are sent to the right office. Inform me. I have but two couriers, and the occasions for communication are now too frequent to use them.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[36.]
HEADQUARTERS MAHONE'S BRIGADE,June 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General MAHONE,

Commanding Division:

SIR: I have the honor to state to you a conversation reported to me to have transpired between a private in this brigade and a Federal soldier, to this effect, that the whole corps had orders to move and that their destination was Malvern Hill. I have thought it my duty to report this to you for what it may be worth.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

D. A. WEISIGER,

Colonel, Commanding, &amp;c.

[36.]

