
will not come against me hereafter. I also got an ambulance from Major Hill when I went to Texas. True, it was broken down and I did not receipt for it, but doubtless it stands charged against me. Norton had it repaired and returned to you command in this ambulance, and I returned with your son.

Please have this ambulance turned over to your quartermaster and receipted for to me also, and believe me, as ever, very truly, your friend,

JOHN TYLER,

C. S. Army.

[36.]
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, N. C., June 7, 1864.

His Excellency Governor VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: It is absolutely necessary for the security of this port and part of the State that all public and private salt-works be removed from Masonborough Sound. This measure is more especially required now than heretofore, owing to the absence of troops in the field. I have therefore notified salt makers. Please to give directions as to the disposition of the salt property. I have already received orders to send all conscripts to their proper camps. In this connection I beg leave to remind you of my letters on this subject of the 22nd of March, and order of 23rd of April. During my absence in Virginia I find that the salt-works have been resumed. The constant communications kept up with the enemy from this locality, their increased force, their daily landings for the purpose of abducting negroes and procuring information, together with the proximity of these sounds to the City, make it imperative to occupy this belt of sounds solely for military purposes.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, August 1, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the War Department.

Copies of correspondence with Governor Vance concerning State salt-works. There is no necessity for further action, Governor Vance and myself having come to perfect understanding in the premises.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. CAROLINA AND SOUTHERN VIRGINIA,August 5, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

For General Beauregard:

John M. OTEY.

[Third indorsement.] ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, August 10, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[36.]

