HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,Near Bottom's Bridge, June 8, [1864]--7 a. m.

Colonel TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that everything is quiet on this line. At the railroad bridge there has been a little activity on part of enemy, perhaps to guard against the fire of the railroad gun. I have examined the above line from Dudley's to rear of White Oak Swamp and see no indication of any considerable force in my front. They may be somewhat behind. I will send a report in the morning early.

Very respectfully, &c.,

R. RANSOM, Jr.,

Major-General.

[36.]

DUNLOP'S HOUSE ON SWIFT CREEK,

June 8, 1864--10 o'clock.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

All quiet in our front to-day. Pickets lower part of James River report steamer towing up canal-boats and pontoons with pontoniers; also steamers and schooners going up heavily loaded, whereas those going down are light. This may indicate future operations of Grant.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[36.]

RICHMOND, VA., June 9, 1864.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: Yours of this date received. The indications are that Grant, despairing of a direct attack, is now seeking to embarrass you by flank movements. If our cavalry, concentrated, could meet that of the enemy, it would have moral as well as physical effects, which are desirable. I went down to Bottom's Bridge last night; found General G. W. C. Lee well, and he reported his preparations for defense as progressing favorably. He does not think the enemy is in force before that position. General Ransom had learned nothing important, and did not think he could seriously disturb the enemy with the artillery now in his command. General Beauregard reports the enemy moving upon Petersburg, but our scouts give no information as to the arrival of troops from below, and if none have come I cannot believe the attack to be of much force. General Bragg has sent you the telegrams of General Beauregard, and your sources of information will enable you to appreciate the case justly. I do not think General Smith could re-enforce General Johnston in time for the battle which must be fought for Georgia. Unless General Johnston strikes before the enemy have brought up all the re-enforcements reported to be moving, his chances will be greatly diminished for the success which seemed attainable before he retreated, and still seems to be practicable. The reserves in Virginia have not turned out as was hoped, and other sources of supply of additional force are fully known to you.

Very truly, yours,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[36.]

